



Download Request: Select Items: 501-1000
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  14:02:52 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (corruption USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 5, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Brown Outlines Anticorruption Moves

SECTION: Section 1; Page 21; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 732 words


By reputation, Police Commissioner Lee P. Brown is more a master planner than a
politician. But amid recent allegations of police corruption, he has had to try
to be both.

Mayor David N. Dinkins recently appointed a panel to investigate the corruption
allegations and also proposed an all-civilian review board to look into
complaints of police brutality and misconduct.

The corruption investigation was begun in the wake of the arrest of six police
officers in Brooklyn on charges of drug dealing. Law-enforcement officials have
cited the case of Officer Michael Dowd, who they say led the drug ring, as an
example of the need for improved monitoring of the department.

On Monday Mr. Brown discussed these issues with reporters and editors of The New
York Times. Following are excerpts of the interview:

Q. Is corruption as bad as you thought it was when you came to the job? Are you
surprised by it and is it dominating all your time?

A. The consensus of opinion I got on arrival here two and a half years ago is
the opinion I have right now -- that the department does not have a systemic
corruption problem.

Q. What can you do to make sure there are not more cases like the Dowd case
springing up and surprising you?

A. Clearly Dowd should not have lasted as long as he did in this department.
When I look at the allegations against him, though they were not sustained,
clearly there should have been some mechanism that he should not have continued
to serve as a police officer. To plug that loophole, we implemented a program we
call C.A.R.P -- Critical Analysis and Response Program. That's modeled after a
program we did looking at the use of excess force as a result of the Rodney King
incident. We put in place a monitoring system where officers with a certain
number of allegations pop up. We're doing the same thing with corruption.

Q. Would Dowd have been caught by that?

A. Yes. Anyone with five or more corruption allegations or a combination of
other allegations that would raise concerns about that person's integrity, that
person would be put on that list, monitored and investigated.

Q. There are a number of prosecutors who said that Internal Affairs detectives
just aren't that good, that they don't work well, that they don't help them make
cases.

A. I've met with all the district attorneys separately. None of them felt
Internal Affairs was a disaster. They had recommendations for improving it. A
lot of them dealt with communications. I asked Chief Beatty to convene a meeting
of the district attorneys and work out the differences.

Q. What in the recent spate of events and stories have surprised you?

A. It used to be that cops were ripping off drug dealers. What you see changing
is that officers are involved in dealing with the drugs. . . . The amount of
cash that flows through that industry creates a very serious hazard for cops out
there, picking up a bag with sometimes millions of dollars in it.

Q. Why do you oppose the all-civilian review board?

A. In some 30 years in the business, 17 years running police agencies, I can't
point to one in any place in America that works.

Q. How do you defines "works"?
 A. Where it makes a difference. You have one in D.C. They have such a backlog,
nothing happens. In Chicago, the Police Department used to complain they
couldn't fire anyone. The board was more lenient on cops than the cops. I
understand fully the public perception that the police can't police itself and
that an external review board would have more objectivity.

Q. Let's say the New York videotape equivalent to Rodney King is Tompkins Square
in 1988 when basically the police rioted. In the end only a few were convicted
or suffered any kind of real penalty. So people say, where's the accountability?

A. The ultimate civilian review board is the grand jury or jury. And in the
Rodney King case, a jury, they exonerated the officers. These were civilians
making that decision.

Q. Could you still remain as commissioner under a civilian system? Is it not a
deal-breaker between you and the Mayor?

A. I knew his position when I got here. I think my obligation as a public
administrator is to share what I know.

Q. Then you could stay?

A. That is correct.

Q. Considering that the other agencies had information on Dowd, do you feel
people are leaving you holding the bag?

A. No one is grabbing it from us.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Commissioner Lee P. Brown (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)

TYPE: Interview

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Republican is in favor of natural gas drilling, getting rid of SAFE Act

BYLINE: James Staas; News Staff Reporter

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 759 words


Rob Astorino, the newly minted Republican candidate for governor, arrived in
Cheektowaga on Saturday and mapped out a plan and a message to win election as
the state's leader, even if voter registration is vastly balanced toward
Democrats:

Venture into traditional Democratic communities and ask if New York is winning
or losing.

That is how he won over voters in his home of Westchester County, where he has
been elected county executive, he said.

And on the losing side of the state ledger, Astorino listed the highest taxes
and electricity costs in the nation, along with the highest education spending
but low student performance results.

Corruption in Albany is another negative, he pointed out, noting that several
state legislators have been indicted or convicted of various crimes. As for Gov.
Andrew M. Cuomo's now-defunct anti-corruption commission, it is now under
investigation, he added.

"Only in New York State can an anti-corruption commission be corrupted,"
Astorino told more than 100 Republicans at a GOP roundtable at the Pvt. Leonard
Post Jr. VFW Post in Cheektowaga.

He noted that the Moreland Commission, established by Cuomo to probe public
corruption and later terminated before completing its probes, is under
investigation by the U.S. attorney in New York City who wants to determine
whether Cuomo interfered with the panel's decisions.

Astorino, nominated Thursday at the state GOP convention in Rye Brook, said he
and his running mate, Chemung County Sheriff Christopher J. Moss, are well
qualified to help clean up the corruption. Moss accompanied Astorino on his trip
to Western New York.

Astorino also focused on another negative: New York's ranking as the No. 1 state
for out-migration, with 400,000 people leaving the state in the last four years.

He asked the audience how many of their friends have moved out of state after
retiring or after their children left the state to find jobs elsewhere.

"We can turn it around," he said.

Astorino said he and Moss have children and understand parents' desire to keep
young people in the state.

He said the state can keep them here by cutting taxes and regulations that
result in businesses moving out of New York to states with lower taxes and fewer
regulations and companies refusing to relocate here to create jobs.

He cited the case of a dairy farmer with 900 cows who told him he may sell his
farm because he has had to hire an accountant, lawyer and consultant to deal
with environmental, safety and other regulations.

In response to a question about the governor's Start-Up New York program for new
businesses that come to the state and set up operations in tax-free zones on or
near State University of New York campuses, he said the program has infuriated
companies already in the state that get no such help. He said he would cut taxes
across the board to help all businesses.

Asked about the state's high electricity costs, he cited the need for a mix of
energy sources to bring down costs, including the need for natural gas drilling
in the state's Marcellus Shale regions. He said the governor, for political
reasons, has banned hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, while the state studies
the impacts of the controversial drilling process on the environment and health.
Thirty states allow the process, he said.

On a question about people moving to the state for Medicaid and welfare
benefits, he said New York needs to find balance on Medicaid payments, noting
that New York spends more on the program than Texas, Pennsylvania and Florida
combined.

Astorino also said he was in favor of getting rid of the SAFE Act, the
Cuomo-sponsored gun control law, and he criticized the Common Core education
program for its federal control.

The GOP candidate said he can defeat Cuomo by taking his message to
traditionally Democratic communities as he did in 2009 when he was first elected
in Westchester County, defeating a heavily favored Democratic incumbent.

He said he campaigned in African-American, Hispanic and Jewish communities with
his message of cutting taxes and the size of government and getting companies to
create jobs.

He said he can win the governor's race because 45 to 50 percent of the turnout
is upstate. He said he can lose New York City by 70 percent to 30 percent and
still claim victory by winning voters upstate, in Westchester County and on Long
Island.

His running mate said they can win by talking to residents across the state who
Moss said want to talk about the lack of jobs, federal interference in education
and repealing the SAFE Act.

email: jstaas@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 25, 2015 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Prosecutor Departs

BYLINE: By WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 366 words


For much of his 11-year career as an assistant United States attorney in the
Southern District of New York, Jason P.W. Halperin straddled two worlds: public
corruption and terrorism. He took 13 cases to trial and never lost one.

Now, Mr. Halperin will take his multitasking to Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher. There,
he will divide his time between such white-collar pursuits as internal
investigations, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act work, unlawful exports and
securities enforcement.

A former Southern District colleague, Elie Honig, now the director of the
division of criminal justice in the New Jersey attorney general's office, said
that Mr. Halperin's ability to be effective in both corruption and terrorism
cases belies the difficulty of prosecuting such widely divergent crimes.

''What unifies those kinds of cases is just how difficult they are,'' Mr. Honig
said.

Mr. Halperin, 45, who worked for three-and-a-half years in the United States
attorney's office in Manhattan and then in the White Plains office, while
continuing to try cases in Manhattan, won convictions in cases against three
state senators, four political aides and two developers for corruption and tax
fraud.

He also prosecuted cases that involved bank fraud, wire fraud, mortgage fraud,
money laundering, tax evasion, obstruction of justice and false statements, and
led teams of prosecutors and agents in complex white-collar grand jury
investigations.

Mr. Halperin also served as liaison in the United States attorney's office with
the three F.B.I. counterterrorism squads that covered six counties north of New
York City, which included some 50 agents.

Mr. Halperin is the latest white-collar prosecutor in Manhattan to decamp to the
private sector, where he will most likely make multiples of his government
salary.

A graduate of Yale and the New York University School of Law, Mr. Halperin
worked as an associate at Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering in Washington, D.C., and
Schulte Roth & Zabel in New York. After law school, he clerked for Judge Ricardo
Urbina of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/25/business/dealbook/terror-and-corruption
-prosecutor-leaves-for-private-sector.html

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             March 3, 2012 Saturday

It's Politics: Study finds L.A. area second in political corruption

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


California (and the Los Angeles area more specifically) found its way onto an
infamous list compiled by the University of Illinois at Chicago Department of
Political Science in a report released this year.

California ranks second in the nation in federal political corruption
convictions between 1976 and 2010, trailing only New York.

Among major metropolitan areas, Los Angeles ranks second to only the Chicago
area in the number of federal convictions of public officials during the last 34
years.

The Los Angeles area had 1,275 federal convictions since 1976, while the Windy
City nailed down 1,531 convictions for political shenanigans.

The study is obviously limited, tallying only the federal convictions of public
officials involved in graft, backdoor deals, corruptions and bribes. There is no
telling how many people resigned their posts for "personal reasons" before the
law or a journalist zeroed in on their wrongdoings.

The study didn't include the infamous Bell Eight, who turned the City Hall of
the working class community into their own personal cash machine, gorging
themselves on millions in taxpayer dollars in the process. Each time they
pounded a gavel on some meaningless 30-second committee meeting you could have
sworn you were hearing the chime on a cash register.

Robert Rizzo and his cronies are facing state and not federal prosecution.

It's surprising California or even Los Angeles didn't win the political "Sleaze
Bowl," especially when former Rosemead Mayor John Tran allegedly sold building
permits like they were bacon-wrapped hot dogs at the Rose Parade. His case
likely will get counted in the next study on federal convictions that includes
the Los Angeles metro area, officials said.

Maybe it's not so surprising California didn't top the nation in public
corruption - try getting access to the documents needed to probe our local and
state government.

Ask for public records from a school district or city hall, and likely you will
find yourself navigating a Byzantine bureaucratic obstacle course laden with
high-priced attorneys, each questioning the definition of every word in the
request letter.

And don't believe a records request will expose a Sacramento lawmaker to
scrutiny, the Legislature exempted itself from the state's public records act
laws decades ago.

But the Illinois study is about more than 21st century incarnations of Tammany
Hall sprinkled across the country.

In its conclusion, the Illinois study measures the real damage wrought by
corrupt political officials and their misdeeds. The researchers said pervasive
political corruption not only fuels public skepticism but causes voters "to feel
powerless, lose their faith in government and vote less often because they
believe the `fix is in."

But isn't that what political machines and the bad actors in politics want us to
do.

Don't show up to the polls, look the other way when they take the bribes, and
don't ask the hard questions.

Brian Charles' It's Politics column appears every Wednesday and Saturday.

626-578-6300, ext. 4494

twitter.com/JBrianCharles

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 10, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Corruption big voting issue, poll shows; lobbyist probe may hurt parties equally

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 583 words


WASHINGTON -- Americans are paying close attention to the lobbying scandal in
the Capitol and say corruption in government will play a big role in their vote
for Congress in November -- more important than Social Security,  taxes,
abortion or immigration.

A USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll taken Friday through Sunday signals a perilous year
for incumbents. Views of whether most members of Congress and the respondents'
own representatives deserve re-election have sunk to levels not seen since 1994,
when Democrats lost control of both houses.

Enthusiasm for Democrats is only slightly higher than for Republicans. A
plurality predict both parties will be hurt equally by the inquiry into
disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff. And Democrats' hopes of scoring big gains have
been tempered by redistricting after the 2000 Census that made many House
districts less competitive.

"I wouldn't foresee the tidal wave of '94 repeating itself -- the system's
incumbents are entrenched enough to avoid that," says Dennis Thompson, a
political scientist at Harvard University who studies ethics issues. "But I
think there could be a shift of control of one of the houses, possibly. Before
this corruption scandal arose, that was less likely."

Amy Walter, who tracks House races for the non-partisan Cook Political Report,
calls it "a pessimistic electorate."

"If voters are looking for change ...  then it's Republicans who have more to
worry about, since they are the party in power," Walter says.

But she notes that Republicans also can "drive the train on legislation" to
tighten rules on lobbyists and in the process distance themselves from the
Abramoff scandal. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., promised on Sunday to
"move forward aggressively and quickly" on a reform package.

In the survey, President Bush's job-approval rating was 43%, basically unchanged
from last month. The poll of 1,003 adults has an error margin of +/{ndash}3
percentage points.

Among the findings:

*Most Americans say they're following news of the Abramoff scandal closely, and
53% call it a major scandal. Just 9% see it as "not a serious matter."

*Corruption will be a voting issue in November, they say. Only the war in Iraq,
terrorism and health care are cited more often as "extremely important" issues
this year; 43% describe "corruption in government" that way. In comparison, 38%
call the economy an extremely important issue.

*Attitudes toward the Republican congressional leadership have soured. By
50%-40%, those surveyed say the policies proposed by Republican leaders in
Congress would move the country in the wrong direction. That's by far the worst
showing since the GOP took control more than a decade ago.

*Attitudes toward Democrats are better, but not by much. Respondents split
44%-43% when asked whether the policies proposed by Democratic leaders would
move the country in the right direction. By 44%-32%, those surveyed say
congressional Democrats would do a better job of dealing with the issue of
corruption.

For the first time since 1994, a plurality of Americans say most members of
Congress don't deserve re-election. The 42% who say most members do deserve
re-election is the same as in the first USA TODAY survey of  1994.

Typically, voters feel more favorably about their own representatives than they
do most members of Congress. That's still true -- 60% say their representative
deserves re-election -- but that figure is the lowest since 1994, and almost the
same as in the first poll taken that tumultuous year.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Joni Alexander, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
Poll of 1,003 adults nationwide taken Jan. 6-8. Margin of error: 3 percentage
points. (Bar graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday

Cornyn bill seeks crack down on corruption

BYLINE: Times staff report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


WASHINGTON --The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee today advanced bipartisan
legislation introduced by U.S. Sens. John Cornyn, R-Texas, and Patrick Leahy,
D-Vt., to crack down on public corruption, announced Sen. Cornyn's office today.

The Public Corruption Prosecution Improvements Act, S.1946, now moves to the
full Senate for consideration. Sen. Cornyn is a member of the Judiciary
Committee and Vice Chairman of the Ethics Committee.

"Public corruption is not a Republican or Democratic problem. It's not just in
Washington, D.C. either. It is a problem in statehouses and city halls across
this country," Sen. Cornyn said in the press release.

According to the announcement the Public Corruption Prosecution Improvements Act
strengthens the enforcement of U.S. federal laws for public corruption offenses
by increasing the maximum punishments on several offenses, including theft and
embezzlement of federal funds, bribery, and a number of corrupt campaign
contribution practices.

The announcement revealed that a total of $100 million will go to the Department
of Justice and the Offices of Inspectors General for combating public corruption
.

The bipartisan legislation will do the following:


     ·    Toughen the prohibition against bribery in connection with programs
          receiving federal financial assistance.



     ·    Increase maximum penalties for theft of government property, bribery
          and other public corruption offenses.



     ·    Include certain government theft and bribery offenses as predicates
          for racketeering prosecutions and wiretaps.



     ·    Revise the definition of "official act" for purposes of public
          corruption prosecutions.



     ·    Establish a six-year limitation period for the prosecution of certain
          public corruption crime relating to bribery, theft of government
          property, mail fraud, and racketeering.



     ·    Revise prohibitions against mail and wire fraud to include the taking
          of any other thing of value (in addition to money or property) in the
          commission of such crimes.


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 6, 2013 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Corruption is equal opportunity

BYLINE: Colbert I. King

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 813 words


Is U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr.'s investigation of D.C. corruption a
display of selective prosecution based on race and political party? Is The
Post's editorial board out to "paint a picture of ethical violations as singular
to African American political leaders and the District Democratic Party"?

Those questions were raised in an online posting this week by Robert Vinson
Brannum, president emeritus of the D.C. Federation of Civic Associations  and
former chairman of the Ward 5 Democratic committee.

Brannum suggested that the answer to both questions is yes - and he is not alone
in that view. Similar grumbling can be heard among some of the city's black
political class and in venues patronized mainly by black Washingtonians.

The grousing, however, is nowhere near the level heard during Marion Barry's
arrest, trial and conviction on a drug charge in 1990. Today, the District's
Wall of Shame displays three recently convicted former members of the D.C.
Council and several campaign officials who have pleaded guilty to violations -
all African Americans and most  Democrats.

So, are those concerns legitimate? Are the feds focusing unfairly on black
Democrats? It might appear that way - to the nearsighted.

Step back, however, and look around. Public corruption exists across the fruited
plain, with authorities in hot pursuit.

While Machen and his prosecutors have been busy at work in the District:

l Two Florida contractors were sentenced April 23 for paying bribes to secure
$26 million in contracts from Broward County;

l A former New Jersey school administrator was sentenced Dec. 10 for a bribery
scheme in which he received payments, portions of which were passed on as bribes
to the superintendent of the school district. (On Sept. 14, the superintendent
was sentenced to 135 months in prison on federal charges.)

Nor is corruption limited to big cities.

l A former Pennsylvania state senator was sentenced to prison on Nov. 30 in
Scranton on charges of mail and tax fraud.

l A former city clerk of Thayer, in Neosho County, Kan., was sent to jail on
Oct. 24 and ordered to pay restitution for bank fraud and money laundering.

l A former member of the Arizona House of Representatives was sentenced to
prison in June 2012 for wire fraud and tax evasion.

Think the District has a corruption problem? The New York Times reported that
the New York Public Interest Research Group had found that "32 current or former
state officeholders have been convicted, censured or otherwise accused of
wrongdoing over the past seven years."

New York puts to rest the charge that only African American Democrats are under
fire. In the Empire State, corruption crosses partisan and racial lines.

Case in point: In April, the FBI and the U.S. attorney in Manhattan announced
bribery, extortion and fraud charges against a New York state senator, a New
York City Council member and four others.

The first scheme involved a Democratic state senator - who is African American -
who allegedly arranged for bribes totaling $40,000 to be paid to two New York
Republican leaders - who are white - as part of an effort by the senator to
appear on the Republican primary ballot in the 2013 mayoral election. The city
council member - a white Republican - allegedly received approximately $20,500
to act as an intermediary with the Republican leaders on the state senator's
behalf.

In the second scheme, the council member allegedly received about $18,300 in
cash and $6,500 in straw-donor campaign contributions in exchange for agreeing
to steer up to $80,000 of New York City Council discretionary funding to a
company he believed was controlled by those who paid him. The final scheme
involved the mayor and deputy mayor of the Village of Spring Valley in Rockland
County and their alleged receipt of financial benefits, including the mayor's
receipt of a hidden interest in a real estate project and the deputy mayor's
receipt of about $10,500 in cash bribes, in exchange for official acts. All six
defendants were arrested the same morning.

Since that day in April, two other New York state lawmakers have been charged in
separate corruption cases. They have pleaded not guilty.

NPR reported in May that a former Democratic New York state senator, Shirley
Huntley, had been sentenced to prison for stealing thousands from a charity she
controlled. A day earlier, a federal judge had unsealed records showing that
Huntley last year secretly recorded conversations with seven other elected
officials she had suspected of corruption.

The District is not alone.

Oh, yes, as for the charge that The Post's editorial page pursues wrongdoers
based exclusively on their African American ancestry and Democratic Party
registration, please ask D.C. Council member Jim Graham (D-Ward 1), Virginia
Gov. Bob McDonnell (R) and Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli (R) what they think
about that.

kingc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 24, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

SUSPENSIONS STIR ACCOUNTABILITY ISSUE

BYLINE: By TODD S. PURDUM

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 487 words


Allegations that 13 police officers in a Brooklyn precinct extorted cash and
drugs from narcotics dealers have highlighted what many police commanders have
been warning for months: that drugs and the money they generate pose the key
threat to the integrity of the force.

At the same time, the allegations, the most serious involving corruption in the
department in at least three years, have raised again the issue of
accountability - of when, and how much, commanders can know about the acts of
officers they supervise, and to what degree they can be held responsible.

Since the Knapp Commission exposed widespread corruption in the department in
the early 1970's, precinct commanders have been required to submit reports
outlining the major corruption hazards in their areas and offering
recommendations for preventing misconduct. As a result, the department has
disciplined not only those officers accused of corruption, but also supervisors
deemed negligent for failing to uncover it.

A key link in the department's integrity control effort has been its own
investigations, using undercover officers from the internal affairs division and
special officers called ''field associates,'' who are selected upon graduating
from the police academy and placed in precincts to look for corruption.

No Systematic Scheme

In fact, the inquiry that led to the suspension of the officers yesterday was
begun by the police themselves. What role the precinct's superior officers
played in the investigation was unclear last night, and department officials
would not comment on whether the commanders might be disciplined.

The suspensions also left unclear to what degree the suspected corruption was
tolerated within the precinct. Officials familiar with the case said the accused
officers had not engaged in a systematic group scheme, but had instead acted in
twos and threes.

But the fact that at least 13 people in a precinct of some 200 officers have
been accused raises questions about who else in the precinct could, or should,
have known of their activities.

In department surveys in each of the last four years, commanders have listed
drug use, payoffs from narcotics dealers and the temptation to take cash or
drugs seized in raids as the greatest corruption hazards. Some top police
officials have said the threat has increased in recent years, as hundreds of
young recruits, who are seen as more likely to use drugs, have joined the force.
Of the 13 officers suspended yesterday, 7 were under 30.

Some officials have also cautioned that the spread of crack and the department's
aggressive and increased efforts to arrest drug sellers have posed an added
corruption threat.

While uniformed officers have been urged in recent months to report drug-dealing
activity to the narcotics division, the department has still discouraged them
from making most drug arrests, in part because of the corruption threat.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Blagojevich starts his prison term today

BYLINE: John Bacon with staff and wire reports

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 648 words


"I'll see you around," former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich told a swarm of
media outside his home Wednesday as he prepared to report today to a federal
prison in Colorado to serve a 14-year sentence on corruption charges.

Blagojevich, 55, a Democrat, said facing the "dark and hard journey" to prison
is "the hardest thing I've ever had to do." He is appealing. The charges include
trying to sell or trade an appointment to President Obama's vacated  Senate
seat.

Jay Hurst, a Durham, N.C., lawyer who focuses on federal sentencing and
post-conviction issues, said Blagojevich faces a humbling experience as he "goes
from having complete control to having zero."  Blagojevich's Republican
predecessor, George Ryan, is serving a 6-year sentence  on federal corruption
charges.--Judy Keen

Jurors deliberating Rutgers webcam case

Jury deliberations began in the case of a Rutgers University student accused of
electronically spying on a sexual encounter involving his gay roommate, who
committed suicide days later.

Tyler Clementi, 19, jumped off the George Washington Bridge on Sept. 22, 2010.
The case against his roommate, Dharun Ravi, has drawn national media attention
to cyberbullying, misuse of social media and anti-gay bias.

Ravi, 20, faces 15 counts on charges that include bias intimidation, invasion of
privacy, witness tampering and hindering apprehension. Two bias-intimidation
counts carry potential jail time of up to 10 years. Ravi, who did not testify,
also could face deportation to India if convicted.

--Gene Racz, East Brunswick Home News Tribune

Tech firm to pay NYC $500M settlement

SAIC, a technology giant and federal contractor in charge of New York City's
scandal-plagued CityTime payroll project, agreed to pay more than $500million to
avoid prosecution.

The agreement, which  U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara called the largest of its
kind, recoups the bulk of the $652million the city spent on a project that began
as a $63million attempt to automate employee timekeeping. The effort ballooned
into what Bharara said was an epic fraud involving kickbacks, systemic
overbilling and an international money-laundering conspiracy.

Lottery winner cheated co-workers

A New Jersey man cheated five co-workers out of their share of a lottery jackpot
and must pay them $2 million each, a jury ruled.

Americo Lopes worked at a construction company in Elizabeth and began a lottery
pool in 2007. He claimed the winning numbers for a 2009 jackpot worth $38.5
million were on a personal ticket and not the ticket that he had bought for the
pool. The jury disagreed. A spokeswoman for the Superior Court in Elizabeth said
each of the five plaintiffs is entitled to a pretax payment of $2 million from
the lottery winnings.

Girlfriend of accused mob boss cuts deal

The girlfriend of former Boston mob boss James "Whitey" Bulger pleaded guilty to
charges she helped him evade capture for 16 years.

Catherine Greig, 60, pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to harbor a
fugitive, identity fraud and conspiracy to commit identity fraud. Each charge
carries a maximum sentence of five years, but prosecutors said she could face
less than three years in prison under federal sentencing guidelines. Bulger, 82,
who was captured with Greig last year in California, has pleaded not guilty to
charges of participating in 19 murders.

More illnesses linked to imported food

Disease outbreaks caused by imported food rose in 2009 and 2010, the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention reports.

From 2005 through 2010, there were 39 outbreaks in which 2,348 people suffered
illnesses linked to food imported from 15 nations, according to a study
presented at a conference on Emerging Infectious Diseases in Atlanta. Seventeen
happened in 2009 and 2010. Hannah Gould, a CDC epidemiologist and lead author of
the study, said it's too early to determine whether the numbers indicate a
trend.--Elizabeth Weise

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                          December 16, 2009 Wednesday

The Nation

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 485 words


HARRISBURG, PA.

2 more charged in corruption case

State prosecutors added more defendants Tuesday to their expanding legislative
corruption case, accusing a longtime House Democratic leader and a former
legislator serving in the governor's cabinet of illegally using taxpayer-paid
employees to perform campaign work.

State Rep. Bill DeWeese, the former House speaker, and former Rep. Stephen
Stetler, who resigned as Pennsylvania's secretary of revenue hours before the
charges were announced, face four counts of theft and one count each of
conspiracy and conflict of interest. A district office aide to DeWeese, Sharon
Rodavich, also was charged.

SALT LAKE CITY

Governor to DOE: Halt uranium shipment

Utah Gov. Gary Herbert sent Energy Secretary Steven Chu a letter Tuesday asking
him to halt the shipment of nearly 15,000 drums of low-level radioactive waste
from South Carolina for disposal in Utah.

The Department of Energy is circumventing state regulators' efforts to ensure
that a private disposal facility in Utah's west desert can safely dispose of the
depleted uranium, Herbert said.

Depleted uranium is different from other waste EnergySolutions Inc. disposes of
at its site because it becomes more radioactive over time for up to 1 million
years. The South Carolina waste from the Savannah River Site near Aiken is a
byproduct of the uranium enrichment process used to make nuclear weapons during
the Cold War.

State regulators and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission have acknowledged that
difference and have started a rule-making process to address whether it may need
to be disposed of differently.

The NRC isn't expected to finalize its rules until at least 2012, and it will
likely be several more months before state regulators finish their rules.

"It is only prudent that there be further study to determine how this waste is
best stored before we accept it into the State of Utah," Herbert wrote. "As a
scientist yourself, I know you can appreciate that good public policy requires
good science, and I am concerned that DOE's decision to ship this waste to Utah
now is based more on politics than on science."

WASHINGTON

No weapons pact expected this week

The White House says it doesn't expect President Barack Obama to sign a nuclear
weapons treaty with Russia when he travels to Copenhagen this week.

Spokesman Robert Gibbs says the U.S. and Russia continue to make progress on
negotiations for a successor to the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, known as
START. Gibbs says he hopes an agreement will be reached soon. But the spokesman
said Tuesday there was no signing ceremony planned in Copenhagen, nor did he
expect there to be any additional stops in nearby countries.

Obama will be in Copenhagen on Thursday for the United Nations climate summit.

The START treaty expired Dec. 5. Both governments have been negotiating a new
pact that would further reduce their nuclear arsenals.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 20, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Miami Wrestling With Corruption of Officials

BYLINE: By MIREYA NAVARRO

SECTION: Section A; Page 8; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 2329 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


Bribery. Kickbacks. Voter fraud. Cover-up. Miami is engulfed in a series of
high-profile investigations of public corruption so pervasive that it is often
mentioned in the same breath as the New York of Tammany Hall and Chicago in the
heyday of the Daley Democratic machine.

So far, a Miami city manager and a city commissioner have gone to prison for
obstruction of justice and bribery, and two county commissioners have had to
step down, one pleading no contest to a charge of lying in financial disclosure
forms and the other removed by the governor to stand trial on charges of bribery
and money laundering.

In March, a mayoral election was thrown out because of rampant voter fraud,
which included votes cast by dead people. In May, a Miami city commissioner was
charged with covering up that fraud. A third Miami city commissioner has been
under investigation for accepting a questionable loan from the Port of Miami,
and the port director has been charged with conspiring to steal more than $1
million in port money for personal use, including a house, and political
contributions, including a $120,000 donation to the Democratic National
Committee in 1994 that is now under review.

The Miami-Dade County state attorney's office estimates that in the last five
years it has charged at least 270 public employees, including police officers,
for crimes ranging from falsifying records to ripping off drug dealers. Between
1986 and 1995, according to the United States Justice Department, South Florida
was among the 10 leaders in Federal prosecutions of public officials, along with
New York, Chicago, Los Angeles and the District of Columbia.

But if the charges here are similar to those in other big-city scandals,
interviews over the past few weeks with a wide range of Miamians indicate that
corruption festered here because of a combination of home-grown traits:
opportunity resulting from fast growth, allegiances created by ethnic divisions
and politics, and lagging scrutiny as Miami's high crime rate and drug smuggling
drew most of the attention of law enforcement agencies and the press.

"The corruption problem went unchecked for so long it became a way of life,"
said Mark P. Schnapp, head of the United States Attorney's corruption unit here
from 1985 to 1987 and now a private defense lawyer.

Some officials here argue that the recent cases do not show Miami politicians to
be more corrupt than those in other big cities, only that more of them are
getting caught now. The Miami-Dade County state attorney's office did not have a
separate public corruption unit until 1995; it now has nine lawyers. State
Attorney Katherine Fernandez-Rundle said a drop in violent crime had freed up
investigative resources. And Thomas E. Scott, the United States Attorney, whose
office focused on drugs as South Florida became the port of entry and
headquarters for Colombian cocaine traffickers in the 1980's and 1990's, said
public outrage about crooked politicians prompted him to double his corruption
unit to 12 lawyers.

The publisher of The Miami Herald, David Lawrence Jr., said the newspaper had
increased its coverage of corruption in response to the number of cases and
community interest. "From time to time we paid enormous attention to this, but
this is the first time in my nine years here that people from all segments in
the community are saying, 'Enough of this,' " he said.

The causes of the corruption are another matter.

Many public officials here blame a government they say has not evolved fast
enough to provide the checks and balances needed to serve a metropolis of more
than 2 million people that began to boom only about 30 years ago, making the
rise of Miami-Dade County, the urban area to which the city of Miami belongs,
relatively new.

Maurice Ferre, a former Miami city mayor and county commissioner who has lived
here for 46 years, says governing in both the county and the city is still
largely left to executive administrators who are appointed rather than elected.
This structure was created as part of a national anti-corruption movement and
was intended to bring professionalism to government. In many cities, the
structure has proved the least corrupt form of government, civic watchdog groups
say. But Mr. Ferre contends that in large areas with ethnic factions it leaves
the elected officials who appoint the city and county managers -- the mayors and
commissioners -- hungry for ways to gain more influence, and less accountable
for oversight.

For example, "the airport budget in 1996 was passed in 45 seconds," Mr. Ferre
said. "Here's a multimillion-dollar operation, it's the single most important
operation in the county, and we pass the budget without discussion. Does that
lend itself to a lot of hanky-panky? You bet."

An Economy Tied To the Government

Miami is filled with opportunities for public corruption. With a county budget
of $4.2 billion, a booming airport and seaport and a need for new infrastructure
like sewage lines to keep pace with population, Miami is an area where much of
the economy flows through government, a flow that appears as a common thread in
the corruption scandals.

James Burke, a Miami-Dade County commissioner indicted in January on Federal
bribery and money-laundering charges, for instance, is accused of accepting an
initial payment of $50,000 from a San Francisco company trying to get some of
the county's bond business, which pays for new construction. Carmen J. Lunetta,
director of the Port of Miami for 18 years, is accused of conspiring to divert
port money for a house and other personal expenses through most of the 1990's as
he built the seaport into one of the largest in the country.

When Mr. Lunetta, who like Mr. Burke has pleaded not guilty to the charges,
resigned a year ago, some county commissioners acknowledged that he had seemed
so successful that they did not feel the need to scrutinize his management of
the port. But Mr. Lunetta appears to have pleased commissioners in other ways.
The Federal indictment against him charges that one commissioner received an
$85,000 personal loan from port money and that another received $1,000 for an
election campaign.

There are 13 county commissioners and 5 city commissioners. Their part-time
status and low pay -- $6,000 a year -- seem to invite candidates looking for
side benefits, many officials and political experts say. And with political
campaigns getting more and more expensive over the last decade, the candidates
are increasingly beholden to the special interests and political machines that
helped get them elected, others note.

Law enforcement officials say there is a glaring need for stricter curbs on
lobbyists. Special interests play such a big role here that when Armando Vidal
sought the county manager's post in 1994, he met not only with the commissioners
who would vote on the selection but with contractors and lobbyists who do
business with the county. An important endorsement came from the Cuban exile
leader Jorge Mas Canosa, the powerful head of the Cuban American National
Foundation who before his death in November was widely regarded as kingmaker in
Miami politics.

Mr. Vidal said he met with Mr. Mas "to get his thoughts as a concerned citizen,"
according to sworn testimony given in 1995 in a state investigation of county
commissioners suspected of violating the "sunshine law" requiring governing
bodies to meet publicly. Asked what Mr. Mas's thoughts were, Mr. Vidal, who also
held meetings with Mr. Mas's son, Jorge Mas Jr., said, "That he was going to
talk to or had talked to some of the applicants and that he didn't know who
really had support from the commission and that he basically wanted a Cuban
person for management."

The company Mr. Mas owned, Church and Tower, which is still controlled by his
family, is the subject of a state investigation for a $58 million paving
contract that county officials contend overcharged taxpayers by millions. The
company has blamed subcontractors and the county inspectors who supervised the
work for any overcharges.

Mr. Vidal has not been charged with any crime but was dismissed in March by the
Miami-Dade County Mayor, Alex Penelas, for failure to supervise county
operations. Mr. Vidal in turn has gone to prosecutors charging that Mr. Penelas
dismissed him for his refusal to hire the mayor's friends.

A County Divided By Ethnic Loyalties

The cozy relationships among government players here are fueled by ethnic
allegiances in a county population that is 55 percent Hispanic, 25 percent white
and 21 percent black. And those same loyalties seem to have led to a high
tolerance among voters for transgressions.

Bruce Kaplan, the white county commissioner who misstated his income on
financial disclosure forms, had been comfortably re-elected with Jewish and
Hispanic support despite such widely publicized lapses as seeking to become a
Latin America representative for American Airlines while sitting on the county
commission's aviation committee. (He was turned down.) A Miami city
commissioner, Humberto Hernandez, a Cuban-American, won re-election in November
while under indictment on Federal charges of mortgage fraud and money laundering
unrelated to city business. (Mr. Hernandez was removed from office for a second
time after state prosecutors charged him in May with helping cover up voter
fraud.)

When charges of corruption have involved black and Hispanic politicians, cries
of racism are often heard in the ethnic press, with supporters often giving the
accused officials the benefit of the doubt. Among black voters who have already
lost two commissioners to criminal charges, word that a third black official was
under Federal investigation spurred a call for prayers and fasting in black
churches and a campaign to raise money for his legal defense.

The official, City Commissioner Arthur E. Teele Jr., was being investigated for
receiving $85,000 from the Port of Miami while he sat on the county commission
in 1993. No charges have been filed, and Mr. Teele has said he did not know the
origin of the money.

"We've been a powerless people for a long time," said the Rev. John F. White of
the Greater Bethel AME Church here. "He has done a credible job as a public
official and we want to make sure that continues to happen. At this point we
believe what he says."

Miami's problems have been described as the growing pains of a place that has
endured massive foreign migration, introduced district elections and other
political changes in recent years and is too young to have the civic pride and
established institutions that could serve as counterbalancing forces to a
frontier mentality.

Don Morrison, executive director of the Local Government Institute, a
10-year-old group that provides ethics training and consulting to
municipalities, says most local governments manage to stay clean, usually
because of safeguards like ethics officers who investigate complaints, stringent
campaign finance laws and close monitoring of government contracts. Some of
those checks have just begun here.

Corruption Follows A Financial Crisis

Corruption has had at a cost. In the city of Miami, the instability of losing
elected officials and administrators to criminal convictions or political
turmoil comes at a time when the city is still recovering from a financial
crisis discovered after the first corruption scandal in 1996 claimed the city
manager, the finance director and a city commissioner in one sweep.

County officials say mistrust has left voters with little appetite to raise
taxes for services. And there is also fear that all the bad publicity may hamper
the area's ability to attract investment and jobs. A government that businesses
have often criticized as slow and bureaucratic seems even more paralyzed. The
criminal investigations, says Tito Riera-Gomez, regional director of corporate
and external affairs for BellSouth Telecommunications, "have subliminally
affected people's willingness to move forward with things. They fear they might
do something that could be interpreted as being improper."

The investigations have led to some changes. Today, for example, there are
tighter absentee ballot rules to prevent fraud, and a former chief of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation in Miami, Paul R. Philip, serves as the "
corruption czar."

Voters have also signaled in two recent elections that there is only so much
they can take. An indicted former county commissioner, James Burke, was defeated
when he tried to recapture his seat in March. And the wife of another former
county commissioner, Bruce Kaplan, lost when she ran for his seat on June 2
after he agreed not to run as part of his plea agreement with the state
attorney.

Things may get worse before they get better. Bruno Barreiro, the former state
legislator who won Mr. Kaplan's seat, was six days late in filing his campaign
finance report, in violation of state law, and he faced a $3,000 fine after less
than a week in office. He blamed the mail. And while each criminal case has
spurred others, Mr. Scott, the United States attorney here, says that aggressive
law enforcement "has not translated to the cooperation level we want" from
potential witnesses.

Recently, the web of criminal investigations snared the head of the Miami
legislative delegation in Tallahassee, State Senator Alberto Gutman. Mr. Gutman
faces Federal charges of Medicare fraud, money laundering and payment of
kickbacks to doctors in relation to what prosecutors say was his role as hidden
owner of several home health care companies.

For residents of Miami, it adds up to a disappointment that some say is
comparable to the recent decimation of their championship baseball team.

"There's a certain dispiriting consequence to all this," said Max Castro, a
sociologist at the University of Miami. "People see their government as a
deception, a fraud as big as the Marlins."


LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Carmen J. Lunetta, director of the Port of Miami for 18 years,
has been accused of conspiring to steal $1 million of port money. Commissioner
Humberto Hernandez outside Federal court in Miami, where he was charged with
covering up voter fraud. His wife, Esther, and lawyer, Jose Quinon, accompanied
him as a supporter shook his hand. (Photographs by Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               November 18, 2014

Anti-corruption drive hits US tourism firms

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 896  words


President's crackdown on government corruption, which began almost two years
ago, has had a profound impact in China. Luxury goods sales have suffered,
officials now shun lavish banquets, and gambling revenues at casinos in Macao
have been sinking.

Chinese tourists at the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles. Approved trips by
Chinese officials to the United States fell by as much as 90 percent in the
first half of 2013, says Sage Brennan, co-founder of the Los Angeles-based
consulting group Luxury China Advisors. [Photo / Provided to China Daily]

Almost every year for more than a decade, tour group operator Carson Zhang
guided a delegation of about two dozen Chinese government officials from
Guangdong province's forestry administration for a two-week trip through the
national parks of California, Tennessee and Georgia in the United States.

Along with presentations about forest fires and trail preservation, the
officials enjoyed lobster and steak dinners, went to see Tennessee bluegrass
musicians perform and made a stop at one of California's shopping malls.

Zhang's company, American Carson International, catered almost exclusively to
government tour groups from Guangdong province. But in the past couple of years,
official tourism from that source has been scaled back, Zhang said.

President Xi Jinping's crackdown on government corruption, which began almost
two years ago, has had a profound impact in China. Luxury goods sales have
suffered, officials now shun lavish banquets, and gambling revenues at casinos
in Macao have been sinking.

It is also hurting a specialized niche of the US tourism industry.

In some parts of China there are new restrictions on the kinds of overseas
travel by central and local government officials that will be allowed, according
to officials.

Often it is not a new rule that is proving to be a barrier but widespread fear
that an overseas trip will attract the wrong kind of attention from the
government teams investigating corruption. The probes have led to the detention
of thousands of officials and have a particular focus on those who may have
moved suspicious amounts of money overseas.

The Xinhua News Agency reported in January that the number of officials who
traveled overseas for training approved by the State Administration of Foreign
Experts Affairs had fallen by 32 percent in 2013. The body approves trips below
ministerial level.

International "training" trips, meant to help Chinese officials learn about
business and government practices in other countries, are not only less
frequent, they are also shorter and there is a lot less room for leisure time.

One municipal tourism bureau from a medium-sized Chinese city needed its foreign
affairs bureau's approval to travel to the US this year, said Haybina Hao,
international development director for the National Tour Association, a travel
trade group based in Lexington, Kentucky that recommends tour managers.

Their review is still pending, Hao said. But if they are approved, the trip -
they are only allowed one this year - must last less than eight days, Hao said.
Take away two days for travel and that is not a lot of time, she said.

"Which is exactly the intention of the Chinese government," Hao said. "They
don't want (officials) to spend excessive public funds."

At the Guangdong Forestry Administration, a section chief who would only give
her surname, Tan, confirmed that as regulations have tightened it is no longer
sending officials on the two-week trip. She said that there had in the past been
such training visits that had involved traveling through California, Tennessee
and Georgia and that they had always complied with Chinese regulations. She said
she was not certain which year they had stopped.

Groups of officials would often have a relatively light official schedule,
leaving plenty of room for sightseeing and trips to shopping malls, restaurants,
and casinos. The tour operators would often get commissions from planning such
excursions.

"In the past, most of these trips have been one day of official business and 10
days of travel," said Sage Brennan, co-founder of the Los Angeles-based
consulting group Luxury China Advisors, which consults clients such as luxury
retailer Bergdorf Goodman and the Los Angeles Tourism and Convention Board on
how to attract Chinese consumers. "Those kinds of trips have disappeared."

Brennan estimates officially sanctioned Chinese government travel to the US fell
by as much as 90 percent in the first half of 2013, and it has not recovered
much since.

Some hotels in New York have seen a decline in Chinese government guests. The
Sheraton LaGuardia located in Flushing, Queens, which is New York City's biggest
and fastest-growing Chinatown, had several official delegations cancel their
reservations in October, said Karen Ng, head of sales.

In recent years, the balance has swung more toward private tour groups and even
individual tourism as the number of people with the private means to travel
soars along with China's economy. It means that while the drop off in official
trips may be hurting some tour operators and hotels, the overall impact is more
than offset.

Chinese tourists visiting the US in July 2014 jumped 22 percent over July 2013,
according to the US Department of Commerce.

Uncovering the uniqueness of Kenya

China to face $100b tourism deficit

China develops revolution-era tourism

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Anti-corruption drive hits US tourism firms

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 896  words


President's crackdown on government corruption, which began almost two years
ago, has had a profound impact in China. Luxury goods sales have suffered,
officials now shun lavish banquets, and gambling revenues at casinos in Macao
have been sinking.

Chinese tourists at the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles. Approved trips by
Chinese officials to the United States fell by as much as 90 percent in the
first half of 2013, says Sage Brennan, co-founder of the Los Angeles-based
consulting group Luxury China Advisors. [Photo / Provided to China Daily]

Almost every year for more than a decade, tour group operator Carson Zhang
guided a delegation of about two dozen Chinese government officials from
Guangdong province's forestry administration for a two-week trip through the
national parks of California, Tennessee and Georgia in the United States.

Along with presentations about forest fires and trail preservation, the
officials enjoyed lobster and steak dinners, went to see Tennessee bluegrass
musicians perform and made a stop at one of California's shopping malls.

Zhang's company, American Carson International, catered almost exclusively to
government tour groups from Guangdong province. But in the past couple of years,
official tourism from that source has been scaled back, Zhang said.

President Xi Jinping's crackdown on government corruption, which began almost
two years ago, has had a profound impact in China. Luxury goods sales have
suffered, officials now shun lavish banquets, and gambling revenues at casinos
in Macao have been sinking.

It is also hurting a specialized niche of the US tourism industry.

In some parts of China there are new restrictions on the kinds of overseas
travel by central and local government officials that will be allowed, according
to officials.

Often it is not a new rule that is proving to be a barrier but widespread fear
that an overseas trip will attract the wrong kind of attention from the
government teams investigating corruption. The probes have led to the detention
of thousands of officials and have a particular focus on those who may have
moved suspicious amounts of money overseas.

The Xinhua News Agency reported in January that the number of officials who
traveled overseas for training approved by the State Administration of Foreign
Experts Affairs had fallen by 32 percent in 2013. The body approves trips below
ministerial level.

International "training" trips, meant to help Chinese officials learn about
business and government practices in other countries, are not only less
frequent, they are also shorter and there is a lot less room for leisure time.

One municipal tourism bureau from a medium-sized Chinese city needed its foreign
affairs bureau's approval to travel to the US this year, said Haybina Hao,
international development director for the National Tour Association, a travel
trade group based in Lexington, Kentucky that recommends tour managers.

Their review is still pending, Hao said. But if they are approved, the trip -
they are only allowed one this year - must last less than eight days, Hao said.
Take away two days for travel and that is not a lot of time, she said.

"Which is exactly the intention of the Chinese government," Hao said. "They
don't want (officials) to spend excessive public funds."

At the Guangdong Forestry Administration, a section chief who would only give
her surname, Tan, confirmed that as regulations have tightened it is no longer
sending officials on the two-week trip. She said that there had in the past been
such training visits that had involved traveling through California, Tennessee
and Georgia and that they had always complied with Chinese regulations. She said
she was not certain which year they had stopped.

Groups of officials would often have a relatively light official schedule,
leaving plenty of room for sightseeing and trips to shopping malls, restaurants,
and casinos. The tour operators would often get commissions from planning such
excursions.

"In the past, most of these trips have been one day of official business and 10
days of travel," said Sage Brennan, co-founder of the Los Angeles-based
consulting group Luxury China Advisors, which consults clients such as luxury
retailer Bergdorf Goodman and the Los Angeles Tourism and Convention Board on
how to attract Chinese consumers. "Those kinds of trips have disappeared."

Brennan estimates officially sanctioned Chinese government travel to the US fell
by as much as 90 percent in the first half of 2013, and it has not recovered
much since.

Some hotels in New York have seen a decline in Chinese government guests. The
Sheraton LaGuardia located in Flushing, Queens, which is New York City's biggest
and fastest-growing Chinatown, had several official delegations cancel their
reservations in October, said Karen Ng, head of sales.

In recent years, the balance has swung more toward private tour groups and even
individual tourism as the number of people with the private means to travel
soars along with China's economy. It means that while the drop off in official
trips may be hurting some tour operators and hotels, the overall impact is more
than offset.

Chinese tourists visiting the US in July 2014 jumped 22 percent over July 2013,
according to the US Department of Commerce.

Uncovering the uniqueness of Kenya

China to face $100b tourism deficit

China develops revolution-era tourism

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Astorino appeals to Democrats for change;
Cuomo's GOP rival seeks support

BYLINE: James Staas; News Staff Reporter

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 759 words


Rob Astorino, the newly minted Republican candidate for governor, arrived in
Cheektowaga on Saturday and mapped out a plan and a message to win election as
the state's leader, even if voter registration is vastly balanced toward
Democrats:

Venture into traditional Democratic communities and ask if New York is winning
or losing.

That is how he won over voters in his home of Westchester County, where he has
been elected county executive, he said.

And on the losing side of the state ledger, Astorino listed the highest taxes
and electricity costs in the nation, along with the highest education spending
but low student performance results.

Corruption in Albany is another negative, he pointed out, noting that several
state legislators have been indicted or convicted of various crimes. As for Gov.
Andrew M. Cuomo's now-defunct anti-corruption commission, it is now under
investigation, he added.

"Only in New York State can an anti-corruption commission be corrupted,"
Astorino told more than 100 Republicans at a GOP roundtable at the Pvt. Leonard
Post Jr. VFW Post in Cheektowaga.

He noted that the Moreland Commission, established by Cuomo to probe public
corruption and later terminated before completing its probes, is under
investigation by the U.S. attorney in New York City who wants to determine
whether Cuomo interfered with the panel's decisions.

Astorino, nominated Thursday at the state GOP convention in Rye Brook, said he
and his running mate, Chemung County Sheriff Christopher J. Moss, are well
qualified to help clean up the corruption. Moss accompanied Astorino on his trip
to Western New York.

Astorino also focused on another negative: New York's ranking as the No. 1 state
for out-migration, with 400,000 people leaving the state in the last four years.

He asked the audience how many of their friends have moved out of state after
retiring or after their children left the state to find jobs elsewhere.

"We can turn it around," he said.

Astorino said he and Moss have children and understand parents' desire to keep
young people in the state.

He said the state can keep them here by cutting taxes and regulations that
result in businesses moving out of New York to states with lower taxes and fewer
regulations and companies refusing to relocate here to create jobs.

He cited the case of a dairy farmer with 900 cows who told him he may sell his
farm because he has had to hire an accountant, lawyer and consultant to deal
with environmental, safety and other regulations.

In response to a question about the governor's Start-Up New York program for new
businesses that come to the state and set up operations in tax-free zones on or
near State University of New York campuses, he said the program has infuriated
companies already in the state that get no such help. He said he would cut taxes
across the board to help all businesses.

Asked about the state's high electricity costs, he cited the need for a mix of
energy sources to bring down costs, including the need for natural gas drilling
in the state's Marcellus Shale regions. He said the governor, for political
reasons, has banned hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, while the state studies
the impacts of the controversial drilling process on the environment and health.
Thirty states allow the process, he said.

On a question about people moving to the state for Medicaid and welfare
benefits, he said New York needs to find balance on Medicaid payments, noting
that New York spends more on the program than Texas, Pennsylvania and Florida
combined.

Astorino also said he was in favor of getting rid of the SAFE Act, the
Cuomo-sponsored gun control law, and he criticized the Common Core education
program for its federal control.

The GOP candidate said he can defeat Cuomo by taking his message to
traditionally Democratic communities as he did in 2009 when he was first elected
in Westchester County, defeating a heavily favored Democratic incumbent.

He said he campaigned in African-American, Hispanic and Jewish communities with
his message of cutting taxes and the size of government and getting companies to
create jobs.

He said he can win the governor's race because 45 to 50 percent of the turnout
is upstate. He said he can lose New York City by 70 percent to 30 percent and
still claim victory by winning voters upstate, in Westchester County and on Long
Island.

His running mate said they can win by talking to residents across the state who
Moss said want to talk about the lack of jobs, federal interference in education
and repealing the SAFE Act.

email: jstaas@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Cuomo urges ethics reforms, approval of Uber's expansion

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 536  words


New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said state officials must do more to address public
corruption and urged the approval of Uber's upstate expansion as he ended his
six-city state of the state tour Wednesday with stops in Syracuse and Albany.

Addressing the perennial problem of Albany corruption, the Democrat said he
wants a constitutional amendment approved for the ballot that would limit
lawmaker's outside income and would impose eight-year term limits on statewide
officials and legislators. He is also proposing tighter campaign finance rules
and expanded powers for the state inspector general.

"State government must do more to restore the public trust," Cuomo said. "We
must take action to show the people of this state that we get it and that when
someone does something wrong, they are punished to the full extent of the law
and we have a system that is going to catch them. "

Cuomo announced many of his ethics proposals last year and their prospects of
passage this year is no better. Term limits remain deeply unpopular with many
lawmakers, and many others object to restrictions on what they can earn from
outside jobs.

"Term limits are not something that the conference supports," Assembly Speaker
Carl Heastie, D-Bronx, said last month, referring to the Democratic majority he
leads in the Assembly.

On Wednesday, Heastie was more circumspect, with spokesman Michael Whyland
saying only that "the governor has made a number of proposals over the past few
days and we will review them. "

Cuomo won big applause from his upstate audiences when he called on lawmakers to
quickly pass legislation authorizing Uber and Lyft to expand into Rochester,
Syracuse, Albany, Buffalo and other communities outside New York. The
ride-hailing services are now limited by law to operating in the New York City
area.

"Tell your legislators don't come home unless you come home in an Uber or a
Lyft," he joked in Syracuse.

The governor also chose Syracuse to announce a "buy American" proposal that
would give domestic companies preference in state purchases of $100,000 or more.

Earlier in the week, Cuomo unveiled plans to make state college tuition free to
middle-class students, invest $2 billion in water quality and infrastructure,
expand a child-care tax credit and rewrite state voting laws to make it easier
to cast a ballot.

The details of many of Cuomo's proposals won't be known until the administration
releases its proposed state budget in coming weeks.

Assembly Minority Leader Brian Kolb, R-Canandaigua, said that while he has big
questions about how Cuomo intends to pay for some of his proposals, he supports
Cuomo's call to allow Uber and Lyft to expand upstate, as well as a handful of
other proposals.

"There is certainly some common ground," he said.

Governors typically deliver a single state of the state address to lawmakers in
or near the state Capitol in Albany. This year, Cuomo broke with tradition by
doing six speeches in different regions of the state -- New York City, Buffalo,
Long Island, Westchester County, Syracuse and Albany, where he spoke at a state
university theater and not the Capitol.

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           August 17, 1972, Thursday

SECTION: Page 39, Column 1

LENGTH: 212 words

Knapp Comm chief counsel M P Armstrong on Aug 16 releases statistics on how
NYC's 5 Dist Attys have fared in combatting police corruption, testimony before
City Council's Public Safety Com, which solicited his and Dist Atty B B
Roberts's opinions on recommendation that Gov Rockefeller appt special deputy
atty gen to wage citywide war on corrupt police, judges and prosecutors; says
statistics, which show jump in prosecution of policemen for corruption in '69
and '70, are based on information supplied by 5 Dist Attys and cts; stresses
they are limited to corruption-related indictments; notes public debate over
special-prosecutor recommendation has focused on comm's assertion that Dist
Attys and police tend to look upon each other as allies; says need for civilian
investigative body with city-wide auth that would detect patterns of corruption
and prosecute corrupt officials also resulted in special-prosecutor
recommendation; Roberts suggests that Rockefeller might consider apptg
impartial, scholarly study group that would privately audit corruption-fighting
abilities of city's Dist Attys; lauds comm for galvanizing public opinion and
Police Dept into awareness of need for reform; chart showing prosecutions of
police corruption from '65 to June 30, '72

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 5, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Philadelphia Is in Accord In Police Corruption Case

BYLINE: By MICHAEL JANOFSKY

SECTION: Section A;  Page 14;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 881 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 4


In a court settlement reflecting the city's deep concern over repeated cases of
police corruption and racial bias, Philadelphia agreed today to expand
supervision over the police force.

The new program is aimed at preventing the kind of misconduct that led to six
officers' pleading guilty to corruption charges last year. Dozens of their
victims sued, leading to today's settlement.

While insisting that the police force has no "systemic" problems, Mayor Edward
G. Rendell said today that the settlement was "the most ambitious anti-
corruption program undertaken by the Philadelphia Police Department in its
history."

"It will help us prevent as much police corruption that is preventable," the
Mayor said at a news conference, flanked by Police Commissioner Richard Neal and
leaders of local civil rights organizations.

Among more than a dozen proposed measures in the settlement are the creation of
a 15-member task force of law enforcement experts to review all department
policies and procedures, the addition of a permanent departmental position of
Integrity and Accountability Officer to oversee all aspects of ethical behavior,
and the development of new procedures to help identify "at-risk" officers. The
city also agreed to computerize reports at all police stations, where officers
now record their activities by hand and typewriter.

The civil rights leaders generally hailed the settlement. Earl W. Trent, legal
counsel for the Philadelphia branch of the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People, described it as "a new day for police community
relations and how African-Americans are treated in this city."

But the settlement was quickly attacked by Richard Costello, president of the
city's Fraternal Order of Police, who called its anti-corruption elements
"massive overkill."

"We do not have a corruption problem," Mr. Costello said. "That's one point the
Mayor and I are in agreement. And if that's the case, why do we need a 10- or
14-point plan? It's a criminal waste of taxpayer funds for a charade."

Mr. Costello did not attend the news conference but was apprised of the general
thrust of the settlement in a telephone conversation with Mayor Rendell on
Tuesday night. The union leader said he had not yet read the full text of the
agreement, but he vowed to take the city to court if any of the initiatives
violates the police union's collective bargaining agreement with the city.

The settlement, which was reached under the supervision of Judge Stewart R.
Dalzell of the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania,
grew out of lawsuits filed and threatened by victims of the six officers. The
officers had been assigned to the 39th District, a collection of poor and
working-class inner-city neighborhoods with mostly black and Hispanic residents.
Five of the officers were white; one was Asian.

In all, 44 plaintiffs sued, and the city has settled with 42 of them, paying a
total of nearly $3.5 million. The courts are reviewing more than 1,500 arrests
made by the officers; so far, hundreds of convictions have been overturned.

Besides financial redress, one group of plaintiffs, which includes the local
N.A.A.C.P. and the Police-Barrio Relations Project, pressed for widespread
changes to end what they said was police department bias against minorities.

In exchange for their promise to delay suing the city, Mr. Rendell and other
city leaders agreed to negotiate the policy changes under the supervision of
Judge Dalzell, although lawyers for the plaintiffs said today that they would
file their lawsuit if the city failed to enact any of the measures that they had
agreed on.

Citing previous episodes of police misconduct, including drug sweeps in 1985
that focused largely on blacks and Hispanic residents, the lawyers also
disagreed with the Mayor's contention that the problems are confined to the 39th
District.

"I think most independent observers would recognize the system has problems,"
said David Rudovsky, a lawyer for the plaintiffs.

Many of the ideas included in the settlement have been tested in other cities,
including New York and Los Angeles, but not generally as a court-supervised way
to forestall a lawsuit.

Mr. Rendell said the central elements are the task force, an unpaid panel of
experts in law enforcement who will be given wide latitude in examining
recruitment, training, discipline and other department procedures before
disbanding after 12 to 18 months; the integrity officer, who will have the
authority to monitor ethics policies as well as investigations conducted by the
department's internal affairs division, and plans to improve efforts in
monitoring the narcotics squads and in teaching greater racial sensitivity in
training.

Mr. Costello said that in addition to his other concerns, the creation of new
monitors over the department would create redundancy because the city already
has a Police Advisory Commission, which operates like a civilian review board,
and the department's Internal Affairs Division.

But David Cohen, the Mayor's chief of staff, said one of the responsibilities of
the new task force would be to study the various levels of supervision and
determine how they might be combined or made to work more efficiently.


LOAD-DATE: September 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Fil-Ams picket posh home of Napoles daughter in LA

BYLINE:  Nimfa U. Rueda

LENGTH: 713  words


While thousands tramped to Luneta Park in Manila for the Million People March on
Monday, about 100 Filipino-American activists held their own rally in front of
the posh Ritz-Carlton Residences, where Jeane Napoles owns a unit.

The 23-year-old Napoles is the daughter of businesswoman Janet Lim-Napoles, who
is being hunted by Philippine authorities for her alleged role in a P10-billion
pork barrel scam.

The young Napoles had posted photos showing her jewelry, designer shoes and
handbags and Porsche cars. Her Instagram, Twitter and Facebook accounts have
been deactivated.

Members of the militant Anakbayan-Los Angeles group waved banners and chanted
slogans denouncing government corruption. The ralliers chanted: "Napoles, come
out and give our money back."

In a statement, Anakbayan demanded that the Philippine government prioritize
"the people's needs and not (the officials') own luxurious lifestyles."

Referring to the pork barrel in the Philippines, the group said: "For too long,
these discretionary funds have been used to fatten the pockets of corrupt
politicians at the expense of our people's welfare."

Also joining the rally were members of the Filipino Migrant Center (FMC), which
said the LA protest was part of an "international day of action" for the
abolition of the pork barrel.

FMC said overseas Filipinos workers (OFWs) in Canada, Hong Kong and other parts
of the world joined the demand for an end to government corruption.

A few kilometers from Ritz-Carlton, more than 200 Fil-Ams gathered in front of
the Philippine Consulate to show solidarity with the protesters in Luneta.

At the rally, Los Angeles resident Grace Piñol urged Filipinos around the world
to demand that those behind the scam "be held accountable."

Piñol claimed she was privy to an example of corruption involving a senator. She
said her niece was in charge of a project in Mindanao that had been allotted
P2.5 million from the senator's pork barrel.

"They only released P500,000 and pocketed the rest of the money," she said. Some
of the ralliers came from as far away as San Diego, a two-hour drive from LA.

"I want to show those (corrupt) politicians that we are watching them and that
we are united with the protesters back home," said veterinarian Felix Lapuz.

Actor and community leader Bernardo Bernardo bewailed what he described as
"mafia-style" corruption in the Philippine government.

"Something has to change and it has to happen now," he said. Art Garcia,
spokesman of the United States Action Against Pork Barrel, said similar protest
actions were also held in Fremont in Northern California and New York.

"I am also against government corruption. So is our President and I'm glad he
has been making some headway in his fight against corruption," deputy consul
general Dan Espiritu said.

He said Filipino politicians should heed the call of Fil-Ams because they
represented 4 million Filipinos in America. Around 150 Filipinos gathered
outside the Philippine Consulate in New York to call for the abolition of the
pork barrel, a migrants' rights activist said.

Filipino community leader Daphne Ceniza Kuok said many of those who attended the
picket came wearing white. They submitted a petition against the pork barrel.

In their petition, the protesters said President Aquino's announcement that he
was reforming the pork barrel system "did not go far enough."

"He should ... get rid of the system that has allowed our politicians to dip
their hands into the country's coffers practically at will, while a majority of
Filipinos suffer from grinding poverty," said the petition, signed by around 200
Filipinos living in different countries.

The signatories included Filipinos in France, Great Britain, the United States,
Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, Thailand, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates and
Malaysia.

OFWs in Abu Dhabi and Dubai wore white in their workplaces as a sign of protest.
Although mass action is banned in Saudi Arabia, Filipinos expressed their
solidarity through social media by posting their protest photos.

Mass protests started last week in Hong Kong. The OFWs called for the
prosecution of those involved in the scam.

Arlene Andes,  based in Brussels, told Radyo Inquirer that the OFWs in Europe
had also turned to social media to urge the scrapping of the pork barrel.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Corruption fix: Ballot

LENGTH: 245 words


In recent weeks, the Trib has reported on corruption within the Turnpike
Commission ("8 charged in alleged turnpike corruption," March 14 and
TribLIVE.com) and elected officials collecting freebies ("Pa. lawmakers rack up
$117K in freebies," March 13 and TribLIVE.com), while the Pennsylvania
Independent ran a story on the misuse of SEPTA buses ("Protesters ride to
Capitol rally on SEPTA buses") and CBS Philly led with a story about corrupt
traffic court judges ("Another Judge Pleads Guilty To Fixing Tickets in Phila.
Traffic Court").

However, the real crime here is that the readers and viewers of these stories
likely shrug their shoulders, take another sip of coffee and move on to the next
report.

We have been exposed to this type of corruption for so long that we now accept
it as a normal way of life. It is clear that nothing will change as long as we
continue to send the same people into public office. Whether Democrat or
Republican, the beat goes on.

The only hope we have of reversing this situation is to think outside the box
when we go to the polls. We need to seriously look at candidates not part of the
duopoly that is the dominant two-party system of today.

On May 21, if you live in select communities of Pittsburgh's South Hills, I
invite you to cast your vote for some new blood to shake up Harrisburg.

George Brown

Mt. Lebanon

The writer is the Libertarian candidate in the May 21 special election for the
42nd District seat in the state House.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Corruption fix: Ballot

LENGTH: 240 words


In recent weeks, the Trib has reported on corruption within the Turnpike
Commission ("8 charged in alleged turnpike corruption," March 14) and elected
officials collecting freebies ("Pa. lawmakers rack up $117K in freebies," March
13), while the Pennsylvania Independent ran a story on the misuse of SEPTA buses
("Protesters ride to Capitol rally on SEPTA buses") and CBS Philly led with a
story about corrupt traffic court judges ("Another Judge Pleads Guilty To Fixing
Tickets in Phila. Traffic Court").

However, the real crime here is that the readers and viewers of these stories
likely shrug their shoulders, take another sip of coffee and move on to the next
report.

We have been exposed to this type of corruption for so long that we now accept
it as a normal way of life. It is clear that nothing will change as long as we
continue to send the same people into public office. Whether Democrat or
Republican, the beat goes on.

The only hope we have of reversing this situation is to think outside the box
when we go to the polls. We need to seriously look at candidates not part of the
duopoly that is the dominant two-party system of today.

On May 21, if you live in select communities of Pittsburgh's South Hills, I
invite you to cast your vote for some new blood to shake up Harrisburg.

George Brown

Mt. Lebanon

The writer is the Libertarian candidate in the May 21 special election for the
42nd District seat in the state House.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Corruption fix: Ballot

LENGTH: 245 words


In recent weeks, the Trib has reported on corruption within the Turnpike
Commission ("8 charged in alleged turnpike corruption," March 14 and
TribLIVE.com) and elected officials collecting freebies ("Pa. lawmakers rack up
$117K in freebies," March 13 and TribLIVE.com), while the Pennsylvania
Independent ran a story on the misuse of SEPTA buses ("Protesters ride to
Capitol rally on SEPTA buses") and CBS Philly led with a story about corrupt
traffic court judges ("Another Judge Pleads Guilty To Fixing Tickets in Phila.
Traffic Court").

However, the real crime here is that the readers and viewers of these stories
likely shrug their shoulders, take another sip of coffee and move on to the next
report.

We have been exposed to this type of corruption for so long that we now accept
it as a normal way of life. It is clear that nothing will change as long as we
continue to send the same people into public office. Whether Democrat or
Republican, the beat goes on.

The only hope we have of reversing this situation is to think outside the box
when we go to the polls. We need to seriously look at candidates not part of the
duopoly that is the dominant two-party system of today.

On May 21, if you live in select communities of Pittsburgh's South Hills, I
invite you to cast your vote for some new blood to shake up Harrisburg.

George Brown

Mt. Lebanon

The writer is the Libertarian candidate in the May 21 special election for the
42nd District seat in the state House.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Corruption fix: Ballot

LENGTH: 245 words


In recent weeks, the Trib has reported on corruption within the Turnpike
Commission ("8 charged in alleged turnpike corruption," March 14 and
TribLIVE.com) and elected officials collecting freebies ("Pa. lawmakers rack up
$117K in freebies," March 13 and TribLIVE.com), while the Pennsylvania
Independent ran a story on the misuse of SEPTA buses ("Protesters ride to
Capitol rally on SEPTA buses") and CBS Philly led with a story about corrupt
traffic court judges ("Another Judge Pleads Guilty To Fixing Tickets in Phila.
Traffic Court").

However, the real crime here is that the readers and viewers of these stories
likely shrug their shoulders, take another sip of coffee and move on to the next
report.

We have been exposed to this type of corruption for so long that we now accept
it as a normal way of life. It is clear that nothing will change as long as we
continue to send the same people into public office. Whether Democrat or
Republican, the beat goes on.

The only hope we have of reversing this situation is to think outside the box
when we go to the polls. We need to seriously look at candidates not part of the
duopoly that is the dominant two-party system of today.

On May 21, if you live in select communities of Pittsburgh's South Hills, I
invite you to cast your vote for some new blood to shake up Harrisburg.

George Brown

Mt. Lebanon

The writer is the Libertarian candidate in the May 21 special election for the
42nd District seat in the state House.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES ANNOUNCE FORMATION OF TASK FORCE TO FIGHT
PUBLIC CORRUPTION

LENGTH: 1110  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


United States Attorney's Office for the western District of Arkansas has issued
the following press release:

United States Attorney Deirdre M. Daly and representatives from five federal law
enforcement agencies today announced the formation of the Connecticut Public
Corruption Task Force to investigate corrupt public officials, the misuse of
public funds and related criminal activity.

The Connecticut Public Corruption Task Force includes representatives from the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States Postal Inspection Service,
Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation Division, and the Inspector
General's Offices of the United States Department of Health and Human Services
and the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.

"For the first time in Connecticut, we have brought together in a single
investigative unit, agents and inspectors from the federal agencies that have
primary responsibility for investigating public corruption," said U.S. Attorney
Daly.  "Although each of these agencies has a history of working together,
bringing some of the best agents in the state into one unit with a singular
purpose of investigating all manner of corruption is an optimal way to address
the complex and varied threats posed by corrupt activity."

U.S. Attorney Daly explained that the Task Force is focused on rooting out not
only corrupt elected officials, but also federal, state and municipal employees
who use their position for personal gain at the expense of the public good.  The
Task Force also will investigate corruption that threatens public resources, the
electoral process, and fair economic opportunities for citizens and businesses.
In addition, the Task Force is charged with uncovering corruption within both
public and private institutions that receive and misuse taxpayer dollars.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Christopher M. Mattei, who is Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office's Financial Fraud and Public Corruption Unit, is coordinating
the Task Force.  The FBI has committed resources to support all Task Force
investigations and serves as the lead investigative agency.

"The New Haven Division of the FBI is joining forces with our federal agency
partners to combat public corruption throughout the State of Connecticut," said
FBI Special Agent in Charge Patricia M. Ferrick.  "With the assistance and
cooperation of these partners, the Connecticut Public Corruption Task force is
well positioned to successfully root out and put an end to public corruption
within our area.  Public servants are entrusted by all of us to act in the best
interests of the public they serve.  It is important for the United States to
bring to justice those who betray that trust.  Public corruption at all levels
of local, state, and federal government must not be tolerated, and this task
force will leverage the best assets of the task force partner agencies to
address the threat posed by corrupt public officials."

The Task Force has been at work for several months and has already made
significant gains in several investigations, including the recent arrest of the
former Finance Director of Plymouth who is alleged to have embezzled more than
$800,000 from the town.

"The Postal Inspection Service has enjoyed a close relationship with the
Connecticut U.S. Attorney's Office through the years working intricate and
complex fraud cases that involve the illicit use of the U.S Mails," said
Inspector in Charge Shelly A. Binkowski of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.
"The U.S. Postal Inspection Service welcomes the formation of the Connecticut
Public Corruption Task Force, a partnership that presents a tremendous
opportunity for various agencies to pool resources and expertise to ensure
public officials are held accountable."

"Investigating public corruption remains one of IRS Criminal Investigation's
highest priorities," said William Offord, Special Agent in Charge, Internal
Revenue Service.  "Public trust is broken when elected or appointed officials
commit crimes - most often triggered by greed and resulting in unlawful personal
financial gain.  IRS agents contribute their financial investigative expertise
to this formidable investigative team."

"As part of the Public Corruption Task Force, HHS OIG will ensure that the
department's dollars are not misused though public corruption and are instead
used for their intended purpose of ensuring that the most vulnerable members of
our society - including the elderly, poor and children - receive services funded
at least in part by taxpayers," said Phillip Coyne, Special Agent in Charge of
the Boston Regional Office of the Health and Human Services Office of the
Inspector General.  "Working with our federal, state and local law enforcement
partners, we will continue to vigorously bring those who steal from these
programs to justice."

"The core mission of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
includes creating strong, sustainable communities and quality affordable homes
for all," said Christina Scaringi, Special Agent in Charge of the Northeast
Region of HUD's Office of Inspector General.  "To carry out its mission, HUD
depends on the services of housing authority staff; owners and management agents
of HUD-assisted multifamily developments; state, local, and municipal
governments that receive HUD funding in the form of community development
grants; and nonprofit organizations that administer a variety of programs
including housing the homeless.  HUD also oversees the administration of over
$150 million awarded to the State of Connecticut for Hurricane Irene and Sandy
disaster relief purposes.  HUD OIG is dedicated to aggressively pursuing those
who choose to engage in corrupt behavior, and we are proud to be a part of this
all-important task force."

U.S. Attorney Daly encouraged citizens to report corrupt activity by calling
1-800-CALL-FBI (1-800-225-5324).

"Connecticut's unfortunate recent history with corruption is well known, but so
is this Office's history of combating corrupt activity," said U.S. Attorney
Daly.  "Our efforts have been aided by a dogged media and courageous,
conscientious citizens, business owners and public officials who have provided
information about corrupt activity in their midst.  We call on public servants,
the vast majority of whom are honest brokers, to not look the other way when
they see indications of corruption. We cannot overstate the importance of
citizen participation in our fight against corruption, and we urge all citizens
to assist us in this effort."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 21, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CITY TO OVERHAUL INSPECTOR SYSTEM

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 38, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 869 words


The city's inspector general system, established by Mayor Koch in 1978 to
prevent corruption and waste in government, will be overhauled to correct
serious flaws disclosed in the municipal corruption scandal, city officials said
yesterday.

After months of debate within his administration, Mayor Koch said in an
interview yesterday that he was convinced that changes were needed in the system
of 28 inspectors general, who oversee activities in city agencies and several
quasi-independent authorities.

The central change will be that final control over the inspector general in each
city agency will now be held solely by the city commissioner of investigation,
who will set the salary, budget and agenda for the inspectors general.

Inspectors general now report to both the commissioner of investigation and the
commissioner of the agency they oversee, who controls their salary, budget and
promotion.

The restructuring, which Mr. Koch said he planned to announce formally in a few
days, is arguably the most important structural change in city government to
emerge from the year-old corruption scandal.

It comes as various agencies and individuals are trying to focus renewed
attention on the problems of municipal corruption. Governor Cuomo's staff,
responding to recommendations from a state-city commission, indicated last week
that the Governor intended to appoint some form of commission with subpoena
powers for the purpose of studying corruption problems and drawing public
attention.

Mr. Koch has drafted an executive order that will reverse decisions he made in
1978 about how the inspector general system operates.

''We want the best inspector general system,'' Mr. Koch said yesterday, ''one
that will uncover corruption early on and deal with it in the most forthright
way.''

Barring of Promotions

Inspectors general would be barred under the new system from accepting a
promotion within the agency they are responsible for investigating, a common
practice now.

For example, Lester N. Shafran was an inspector general in the Transportation
Department before being promoted to director of the agency's Parking Violation
Bureau. He was convicted last month of participating in a bribery ring in the
bureau.

Under the new system, the inspectors general would concentrate solely on
corruption, rather than spreading their attention over a wide range of areas,
from management efficiency to disciplinary cases, Mr. Koch said.

Mr. Koch acknowledged that there had been what he described as ''resistance'' to
the change from various city commissioners. These commissioners fear they will
lose some of their powers to the investigations commissioner, city officials
said.

But Mr. Koch said the Investigations Commissioner, Kenneth Conboy, had convinced
him that the changes were needed. Furthermore, Mr. Koch and Mr. Conboy said, the
agency commissioners would continue to be consulted.

Changes Proposed in Report

Mr. Conboy had prepared a lengthy report arguing for the changes. The report,
according to city officals, concluded that inspectors general in the current
system spent most of their time on discipline cases and mishandled most criminal
allegations.

On Monday, the State Commission of Investigation plans to release the findings
of its investigations of corruption at the Taxi and Limousine Commission, where,
among other things, the Inspector General dropped an investigation into
allegations of corruption and was later promoted by the commission chairman, Jay
L. Turoff, who has since been indicted on criminal charges.

Investigation Is Dropped

According to testimony at the State Investigation Commission hearings by the
former Inspector General at the taxi commission, Robert A. Mackasek, he dropped
an inquiry into allegations of corruption after Mr. Turoff assured him that
there was no basis to the charges.

Mr. Mackasek was later promoted to deputy commissioner and Mr. Turoff helped him
get a loan. Mr. Turoff is to go on trial in Federal court in Brooklyn early next
year on charges that he took payments from a taxi-meter manufacturer.

At the Transportation Department, the Inspector General, Paul Soqqal, was one of
those who interviewed witnesses who told of apparent corruption at the Parking
Violations Bureau, four years before it was independently uncovered by the
Federal Bureau of Ivnestigation. He did not pursue the investigation but turned
his information over to the City Department of Investigation.

But, according to a report in September, the investigation of these allegations
was mishandled by the Investigation Department, which passed the allegations
from file to file but never really dealt with them.

Mr. Conboy said the changes approved by Mayor Koch would make a true system out
of what he described as just a collection of individual inspectors general.

Because their budgets came from their individual departments, Mr. Conboy said,
the Investigations Department could not easily shift investigators or form
multi-agency task forces to pursue major corruption issues.

The new system will give the inspectors general more independence and the
Investigations Department more flexibility in conducting inquries, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 29, 2001 Monday
                                 Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 469 words


MIAMI -- U.S. agents arrested an associate of Peru's fugitive spymaster
Vladimiro Montesinos in Miami on money-laundering and corruption charges, the
FBI said yesterday.

Victor Alberto Venero-Garido, a former Peruvian official and Peru's second
most-wanted fugitive behind Montesinos, was arrested without incident Friday in
Miami, the FBI said.

The FBI said Venero-Garido, 54, deposited about $ 15 million into a Miami bank
several weeks ago and recently withdrew portions of it. The FBI said it had
seized millions, and the account has been frozen by a court order.

The FBI said Venero-Garido, arrested on a warrant obtained by the Peruvian
government, faces charges of money laundering and public corruption. He is
scheduled to appear before a U.S. magistrate today.

Montesinos, Peru's former spy chief and a top adviser to former president
Alberto Fujimori, is wanted on charges ranging from money laundering to running
death squads. He is accused of arms and drug trafficking and stealing millions
now hidden overseas.

Montesinos was at the center of a bribery scandal last fall after a video was
leaked showing him allegedly handing over $ 15,000 to a lawmaker. The scandal
led to Fujimori's resignation and sparked fears of a military coup by officers
loyal to the spy chief. Fujimori is in exile in Japan.

PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Biologists have spotted 14 newborn right whale calves in
waters off Florida and Georgia in the last two months.

Considering that there are only about 300 right whales left, including 70
reproductively active females, and that only one calf was born last year, whale
researchers are elated.

The two biggest threats to the whales, particularly calves, are being run over
by ships or getting entangled in fishing gear.

New rules to lessen the threats of ship strikes are still being negotiated with
the shipping industry. But new restrictions for fishing -- primarily breakaway
links on lobster gear and weak links and limits on anchors used for gillnet gear
-- are to take effect Feb. 27.

* ALICE, Tex. -- A jury ordered Tradco, the manufacturer of Patch-A-Flat tire
sealant, to pay $ 80 million to a couple who were seriously injured while trying
to fix a tire with the product in 1998. Melissa Elizondo, 20, lost vision in one
eye and had serious leg injuries; she was awarded $ 60 million. Robert Perez,
21, who suffered fractured and burned hands that prevented him from returning to
his job on an oil rig, was awarded $ 20 million. Tradco is considering an
appeal.

* ROSE LAKE, Idaho -- George Wild, 63, the driver of a bus carrying 33 Kellogg
High School athletes and cheerleaders and two coaches, slumped over and died,
sending the bus careening into several trees Saturday, police said. Wrestling
coach Troy Schueller and 12 students were injured.

From news services

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 2, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Police Corruption Panel Member Quits Amid Questions on Inquiry

BYLINE: By CRAIG WOLFF

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 687 words


Citing a potential conflict of interest over the case of Officer Michael Dowd, a
member of a new panel investigating police corruption resigned yesterday, only a
week after Mayor David N. Dinkins appointed her.

Betsy Barros, an assistant district Attorney in Brooklyn, said she resigned
because she had been involved in two meetings and several telephone
conversations concerning an investigation of Officer Dowd, one of six Brooklyn
officers arrested on charges of dealing cocaine. Law enforcement officials have
labeled Officer Dowd the leader of the arrested officers. The case drew
attention to corruption in the New York City Police Department and raised
questions about its internal monitoring.

Ms. Barros came into contact with the Dowd case when she worked in the special
state prosecutor's office assigned to investigate police corruption. Her
resignation underlines the involvement of different law enforcement agencies in
the Dowd case long before he was arrested.

In a statement released last night, Ms. Barros said that were she to continue on
the panel investigating corruption, she would risk "the appearance of a conflict
of interest" and that the Dowd case "may be related to the commission's
inquiry."

Milton Mollen, the head of the panel, said he would make recommendations to the
Mayor by today for Ms. Barros's replacement. He said that though Ms. Barros's
connection with the Dowd investigation might be "tangential," it was possible
she would be called before the panel as a witness.

Ms. Barros's knowledge of the Dowd case also puts her at the heart of a
political struggle between the Police Department and Charles J. Hynes, the
Brooklyn District Attorney, who was the special prosecutor investigating police
corruption just before that office was disbanded.

Top police officials, responding to charges that the department's Internal
Affairs Division had dismissed allegations of corruption against Officer Dowd
during the last four years, said earlier this week that the blame for letting
him slip through the cracks should be shared with Mr. Hynes.

The first deputy police commissioner, Raymond W. Kelly, said that there had been
"at least" 26 phone conversations and four meetings between the police and the
special prosecutor's office and that most of the contacts had occurred between
July 1988 and October 1989. Mr. Hynes left the position in mid-1989 to run for
District Attorney.

Suzanne Trazoff, deputy police commissioner for public information, said that
the police had also turned over folders on three cases involving Officer Dowd to
the Brooklyn District Attorney's office after Mr. Hynes's election. Though the
department could have acted alone to move against Officer Dowd, so could the
special prosecutor.

Mr. Hynes has denied that any of his offices mishandled the case, but he
acknowledged that Ms. Barros had been involved in explorations of the charges
against the officer while she was working for the special prosecutor's office.

Specifically, Mr. Hynes said that Ms. Barros had attended a meeting in December
of 1988 during which Sgt. Joseph Trimboli of the Internal Affairs Division
presented a police officer whom he believed could provide information on Officer
Dowd's activities. But Mr. Hynes said that the lawyer's officer interceded and
no information was provided.

Yesterday, Patrick Clark, a spokesman for Mr. Hynes, said there had been a
second meeting attended by Ms. Barros on the Dowd case at which Sergeant
Trimboli again told prosecutors about evidence he thought he had against Officer
Dowd.

But Mr. Clark said he was not sure when the second meeting had taken place and
that Ms. Barros's role in the meetings or what she might have learned about
Michael Dowd remained unclear. He also said that the office had received "a
number" of phone calls on the Dowd case from Sergeant Trimboli in 1988, but he
said it was unclear from the records whether Ms. Barros had been involved in the
conversations. Ms. Barros could not be reached through the District Attorney's
office last night and attempts to reach her at home were unsuccessful.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             January 4, 2008 Friday

Corruption trial linked to EP contractor is postponed

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 296 words


See past stories on FBI's public corruption investigations

The public corruption trial of several school board members in South Texas who
are charged with soliciting bribes from several contractors, including one from
El Paso, has been rescheduled for March, according to public documents.

The trial, involving three school board members of the Pharr-San Juan-Alamo
School District, was set to begin Tuesday. It is now set for March 4, records
show. A fourth person, the district's former superintendent, pleaded guilty last
month but has not been sentenced.

The El Paso construction company implicated in the case is Sambrano Corp., or
SamCorp, one of the city's largest contractors. The company is among seven
"unindicted contractors" identified, but not named, in the 22-count federal
indictment.

SamCorp.'s Dallas lawyer Braden Sparks did not return phone calls seeking
comment, but public records show that no SamCorp official or employee was ever
charged with any wrongdoing.

The indictment states that an El Paso-based company, which is not named,
provided tickets and hotel rooms to the school trustees and others in 2003 and
2004. The indictment also states that on April 14, 2003, the El Paso company was
awarded a contract to build a new maintenance facility for the district.

A review of the official agenda and meeting notice posted by the Pharr-San
Juan-Alamo school district on the Internet shows that on April 14, 2003, the
board authorized negotiations with SamCorp General Contractors for construction
of a maintenance facility.

SamCorp officials have said in the past that they did construction work for the
school district in South Texas, but that they were not a part of any illegal
activity.

Ramon Bracamontes may be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com;546-6142

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            November 22, 2009 Sunday

US president should support Afghans, not send additional forces

LENGTH: 752 words


Excerpt from article by Sameh entitled "Why the idea of occupying is
strengthening?" published by Afghan independent secular daily newspaper Hasht-e
Sobh on 18 November

At a time when the international community, Britain and NATO are jointly putting
pressure on President Hamed Karzai not to include elements involved in
administrative corruption in his new administration, the US president, for the
eighth time, held talks in Washington on 11 November with his political and
military advisors about the Afghan strategy on sending in soldiers.

The meeting discussed the issue of sending an additional 15,000 to 40,000
troops, but despite that US President Obama did not take a decisive decision due
to having some questions about the legitimacy of the Afghan government and
delayed his decision for the coming meetings. There are differences over the
feasibility of Obama's strategy in the US senate and among his political and
military advisors. Obama's national security advisor Gen James Jones believes
that the increase in US forces will only raise the casualties among US forces
and will not have any other benefit. He insists on the elimination of
administration corruption instead.

[Passage omitted: comments on Joe Biden, McChrystal, US senators and
Eikenbeery's views on this issue.]

At a time when the head of the UN mission in Afghanistan Kai Eide, US President
Barack Obama and UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown are setting conditions and a
deadline for the new Afghan government on tackling corruption and its
legitimacy, the UN general assembly, in its summit held on 9 November 2009,
described the Afghan election, in which Hamed Karzai was elected as president,
as credible and fair.

Hamed Karzai does not deny the administrative corruption in his first term in
office, but says that the international community, the USA and NATO are also
involved in corruption and they have taken much of Afghan aid back to their
counties through embezzlement and bribery in the big contracts during the past
eight years. He asks the international community to assess the roots of
administrative corruption in the past eight years and to prosecute those who
have been involved in corruption through a joint commission. Fortunately, today,
the names of a number of government officials involved in corruption have been
revealed by a US delegation and the Afghan government. In addition to the
administrative corruption, Afghanistan's  neighbouring regional and powerful
countries do not agree with Obama's strategy on sending additional US and NATO
forces to Afghanistan; furthermore the NATO member countries may obviously speak
about the withdrawal of their forces from Afghanistan rather than sending in
extra troops. The regional and neighbouring countries think that Obama wants to
increase the level of its forces in Afghanistan under the cover of the war on
terror and in fact they term it as the occupation of Afghanistan. The influx of
extra troops is considered as a security threat by the neighbouring, regional
countries, especially Russia. The Russians have repeatedly said that they were
ready to cooperate with the international community in the war on terror, but
that they could not cooperate militarily. The Russian leaders have advised
America not to repeat the violations of Russia in Afghanistan.

The remarks by the Russian authorities demonstrate that Russian officials are
sensitive over Obama's strategy on Afghanistan and they are concerned about this
issue. The former Russian president, who shrewdly managed to pullout its forces
from Afghanistan on 15 February 1989, in an interview on Monday 10 Oct, advised
the USA and said that US President Obama, instead of increasing the level of its
forces, should withdraw his troops from Afghanistan. It is a remark made by the
former Russian president Gorbachev in the light of his experiences from Afghan
history and such advice may be supported by the world superpowers, such as India
and China. On the other hand, in view of some propaganda, a large number of
Afghan people believe that their country is occupied by the USA. The
strengthening of such an idea among the Afghan people and world powers may have
negative outcomes for the USA. Obama first should join hands with Hamed Karzai
to set up the new administration, so that once again Hamed Karzai is not accused
of corruption and the Afghan people do not fall victim to international and
demonic corruption if a weak administration is established.

Source: Hasht-e Sobh, Kabul, in Dari 18 Nov 09

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Judge puts the old Silver away 'Obituary written' as ailing pol, 72, gets dozen
years

BYLINE: Kaja Whitehouse , Lia Eustachewich and Kate Sheehy

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1020 words


Former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was sentenced to 12 years in a federal
penitentiary Tuesday by a Manhattan judge who called him "a scheming corrupt
politician."

The Manhattan Democrat - one of the most powerful politicians in the state
before his arrest last year - also was ordered to fork over nearly $5.2 in
ill-gotten gains and another $1.75 million in fines.

The disgraced ex-pol was handed two prison terms by federal Judge Valerie
Caproni - 12 years for the six criminal counts against him, including mail and
wire fraud and extortion, and another 10 years on a seventh count involving
money-laundering. The terms will run concurrently.

Silver must surrender to begin serving his sentence July 1.

The conviction and hefty sentence - the second-highest for a state politician
convicted of corruption in the past decade - has capped a stellar run of Albany
and New York City corruption cases brought by Manhattan US Attorney Preet
Bharara and federal authorities in Brooklyn.

Bharara stood in the back of the courtroom to watch Silver's justice meted out.

"Today's stiff sentence is a just and fitting end to Sheldon Silver's long
career of corruption,'' Bharara later said in a statement.

In court, a humbled Silver told Judge Caproni, "I believe that my letter to the
court probably captured it best - without question, I let down my family, let
down my colleagues, let down my constituents, and I'm truly, truly sorry for
that."

The 72-year-old kept his head lowered as his sentence was rendered and then
briefly closed his eyes.

Silver's long-suffering wife, Rosa, remained stoic, even as Caproni lit into her
husband for his politically charged extramarital affairs which Bharara's
prosecutors detailed in filings. One was with a lobbyist who had extensive
business before the state and another with a former beauty queen turned
assemblywoman who landed two cushy public-service jobs.

"Did a lobbyist have preferred access because she was a better lobbyist than her
competitors, or was it payback for a personal relationship?'' Caproni said
before sentencing the shamed ex-pol.

"Did Silver do things just to be nice - or did he do things because somewhere
there was something in it for him?" she added.

Caproni also ordered Silver to fork over more than $7 million, including all of
his ill-gotten gains and another $1.75 million in fines.

Before sentencing, Caproni appeared somewhat sympathetic to Silver, saying, "I
have to agree with the defense that the letters [in support of Silver] clearly .
. . paint a picture of a gifted politician who went above and beyond call of
duty many times for friends, friends of friends and for constituents.

"Some do it better than others. It is clear that you did it quite well,'' she
told Silver, whom she called "a scheming corrupt politician."

"I hope that the sentence I'm going to impose on you will make the next
politician hesitate just long enough before taking a bribe or a kickback, for
his better angels to take over,'' Caproni said.

"Or if there are no better angels, and for some people, there are not, then
maybe his fear of living out his golden years in an orange jumpsuit will put him
on the straight and narrow."

Silver faced as much as 27 years in prison for his crimes, but federal
prosecutors told the judge they simply wanted Silver to serve out a longer
sentence than any other New York legislator.

Ex-Assemblyman William Boyland Jr. has held the longest-sentence title since
2015, when he was given 14 years.

Silver's lawyers had requested community service and home confinement, citing
his recently diagnosed prostate cancer. Silver's brother, Joseph, died of
prostate cancer at age 70 and their dad died of it at 80 years old.

Silver lawyer Joel Cohen pleaded, "He won't weather this storm. Whatever
leniency we have from you, Your Honor, he has already been crushed. He has been
devastated by everything.

"His obituary has already been written about . . . notwithstanding everything he
has done."

Silver and his lawyers vowed to appeal.

"I believe in the justice system in this nation, and we will pursue whatever
remedies the system makes available" Silver said before zipping off in a yellow
cab.

His lawyer Steven Molo added, "We are obviously disappointed in the court's
decision. We are going to be filing an appeal with the United States Court of
Appeals, and that is where the case will go next.''

Additional reporting by Kevin Fasick

WHERE SHELLY'S SENTENCE RANKS

More than 30 elected officials have left office in New York since 2000 facing
criminal or ethical allegations. On Tuesday, former Assembly Speaker Sheldon
Silver joined the ranks of convicted state lawmakers who earned significant time
in prison for their corrupt ways. Here are the top sentences handed down to
crooked New York politicians over the last decade alone.

* William Boyland Jr. - Assemblyman 14 years Brooklyn Democrat was sentenced for
taking bribes from a carnival promoter and undercover FBI agents.

* Sheldon Silver - Assembly speaker 12 years Convicted in December of using his
office to trade favors for millions of dollars in kickbacks.

* Daniel Halloran - Councilman 10 years Queens Democrat masterminded a failed
bribery scheme to get Dem state Sen. Malcolm Smith GOP line in 2013 mayoral
election.

* Carl Kruger - State senator 7 years Brooklyn Dem pleaded guilty to taking more
than $1M in what feds said was "a broad-based bribery racket."

* Malcolm Smith - State senator 7 years Former Dem Senate leader from Queens was
sentenced on conspiracy, bribery and extortion charges.

* Efrain Gonzalez - State senator 7 years Bronx Dem was sentenced for embezzling
from charity groups that received state grants from Legislature.

* Brian McLaughlin - Representative 6 years Dem Queens congressman sentenced on
charges for skimming $2.2M from a campaign committee and union accounts.

* Anthony Seminerio - Representative 6 years Queens Dem pleaded guilty to
defrauding constituents of honest services and collecting $1M in consulting
fees.

kwhitehouse@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Defiant to the end: Disgraced former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver
leaves federal court in Manhattan Tuesday, vowing to appeal his 12-year sentence
for corruption. [Matthew McDermott]-William Boyland Jr.; Sheldon Silver; Daniel
Halloran; Carl Kruger; Malcolm Smith; Efrain Gonzalez; Brian McLaughlin; Anthony
Seminerio.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 1, 2011 Monday

Programme summary of Afghan Tolo TV news in Dari 1330 gmt 1 Aug 11

LENGTH: 577 words


A. News headlines

B. Home news

1. 0100 A number of Afghan anti-corruption bodies say the international
community is also involved in corruption in Afghanistan. The US joint chief of
army staff recently says that the USA does not ignore administrative corruption
in Afghanistan. The anti-corruption bodies confirm the US joint chief of army
staff's remarks that there is administrative corruption in Afghanistan, saying
that the international community is also involved in the corruption in this
country. Video shows interviews, reconstruction drive, a number of foreign
forces patrolling areas of Afghanistan. (PROCESSING)

2. 0430 Iran calls on Afghanistan not to sign any strategic treaty with the USA,
saying that Afghanistan is an occupied country. An Afghan Senate delegation
travels to Iran where Iranian officials call on Afghanistan not to sign any
strategic treaty with the USA. Iran says that they will not expel Afghan
refugees living with their families in Iran. Video shows interviews with Afghan
senators, areas of Iran, a number of Afghan refugees. (PROCESSING)

3. 0700 A number of Afghan analysts believe that some domestic pressures caused
the presidential spokesman, Wahid Omar, to resign. Some analysts say there are
some circles inside the presidential palace that exert pressure on the
presidential spokesman and other honest Afghans not to work with the president
or serve the country. Video shows interviews, a news conference. (PROCESSING)

4. 0900 Afghan Ministry of Information and Culture today at a condolence
ceremony strongly condemns the killing of Ahmad Omid Khpolwak, a BBC reporter,
in Tarin Kot, provincial capital of Urozgan Province. A number of Afghan
journalists say they are determined to work and provide the people with facts
even though they face a lot of threats. Video shows interviews, a ceremony.

5. 1130 A number of residents of Kabul complain about the hike of prices of
foodstuffs, saying that when Ramadan approaches, a number of companies raise
prices of foodstuffs. Video shows interviews.

6. 1240 A number of residents in western Herat Province protest against the
mayor of the province for illegally built building that has created
inconvenience on a road. Report says some residents were wounded by military
guards of the mayor. Video shows protestors, the mayor speaking.

C. Commercial break

D. Foreign news

1. 1700 World countries criticize Syrian governor for killing anti-government
protestors.

2. 1920 US drone attacks kill five people in tribal area of Pakistan.

3. 1930 A man in Iran was pardoned as he had thrown acid on a girl who had
rejected to marry him.

4. 2000 A report on financial crisis in the USA.

E. Commercial break

F. Economic news

1. 2150 Afghan Chamber of Commerce and Industries says Afghanistan does not have
construction code to build buildings in the country, saying that most of
buildings do not standards. The head of the transition coordination commission,
Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai, says more than 70 per cent of Afghan buildings are built
illegally across Afghanistan. Video shows interviews, buildings.

2. 2420 A number of residents of Kabul complain about the hike of prices of
foodstuffs, saying that some people and shopkeepers hoard foodstuff and sell
them at high prices during the month of Ramadan. Video shows areas of
Afghanistan, the head of the Chamber of Commerce and Industries.

G. Commercial break

H. Sport news

Bulletin lasted for 27 minutes

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 1 Aug 11

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 14, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Peter Andreoli, 78, Prosecutor In Corruption and Rackets Cases

BYLINE: By WOLFGANG SAXON

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 371 words


Peter Donald Andreoli, a retired lawyer who prosecuted racketeering cases in New
York City and investigated political corruption in Syracuse, died on Saturday at
Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in Manhattan. He was 78 and lived in
Pelham, N.Y.

Mr. Andreoli spent more than 30 years in public service, starting under Frank S.
Hogan, the legendary Manhattan District Attorney. He continued under Mr. Hogan's
successor, Robert M. Morgenthau, and, in 1976, he was chosen by Gov. Hugh L.
Carey and State Attorney General Louis J. Lefkowitz for the delicate task of
looking into allegations of official misconduct in Onondaga County, N.Y.

A year after graduating from Columbia Law School in 1947, he was appointed an
assistant District Attorney by Mr. Hogan. Over the years in the Manhattan
District Attorney's office, he conducted long-range investigations and
successfully prosecuted some outstanding cases. His targets in the late 1960's
included illegal wiretappers, most of whom had worked as private investigators.

A few years earlier he closed in on corruption in basketball and obtained
convictions of 10 fixers who bribed college athletes to rig the scores of
intercollegiate games. His investigation uncovered bribery or attempted bribery
involving 47 players at 27 schools in 17 states.

From 1976 to 1981, Mr. Andreoli was a special Deputy State Attorney General and
a special State Prosecutor in Syracuse, the Onondaga County seat. He obtained
indictments from three grand juries as well as a string of convictions of
politicians and contractors on charges including kickbacks from local companies
in exchange for county contracts and illegal solicitation of political
contributions from county employees.

From Syracuse he returned to private practice in Pelham.

Mr. Andreoli, who was born in the Long Island City section of Queens, graduated
from St. John's University in 1941.

He is survived by his wife of 52 years, Catherine McCarthy Andreoli; two sons,
Peter D. Jr. of Centreville, Va., and Brian E. of Bethel, Conn.; three
daughters, Catherine F. Andreoli of Bowie, Md., and Christine L. and Francine E.
Andreoli of Pelham; a brother, Caesar T. of Long Island City, and nine
grandchildren.

NAME: Peter Donald Andreoli

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Peter Donald Andreoli (Bob Lorenz, 1979)


TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Altera Corporation (California) on February 28,
2017 titled as "Methods and apparatus for detecting memory bit corruption on an
integrated circuit"

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,582,349 on February 28, 2017, to Altera Corporation (California) titled as
"Methods and apparatus for detecting memory bit corruption on an integrated
circuit"

Inventors: Schmit; Herman Henry (Palo Alto, CA), Lewis; David (Toronto, CA)


Assignee: Altera Corporation (San Jose, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
integrated circuit may have a memory bit corruption detection circuit. The
memory bit corruption detection circuit may monitor a circuit that stores
multiple data bits using a current sensing circuit and a fault detection
circuit. When a bit of the data bits gets corrupted, a current may flow through
a predetermined node in the monitored circuit which may be sensed by the current
sensing circuit. The current may have a particular current profile that may be
distinguishable from current flows that occur during normal operation of the
monitored circuit. The fault detection circuit may recognize the particular
current profile that is indicative of a corrupted memory bit in the monitored
circuit and generate a fault signal to indicate that memory bit corruption has
occurred in the monitored circuit."

The patent was filed on August 20, 2014 Application No. 14/464,244


LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 26, 2009 Monday

BRIEF: Feds to release details about Luzerne courthouse corruption case

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 151 words


Jan. 26--HARRISBURG Federal Prosecutors will hold a news conference at 1:30 p.m.
today concerning a "public corruption probe in the Luzerne County Courthouse."

U.S. Attorney Martin C. Carlson, Deron Roberts of the FBI, and Internal Revenue
Service agents will be on hand to answer questions, according to a news release
from the U.S. Department of Justice.

For the past several weeks rumors have circulated involving the corruption case
which is believed to involve county judges.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090126-YT-BRF-Feds-to-release-details-about-Luzerne-courthouse-
corruption-case-0126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2009


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              June 13, 2005 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

CORRUPTION ISN'T ALWAYS A FEDERAL CASE

BYLINE: By Larry Peterson Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 654 words


Don't make a federal case of it, the saying goes.

But that often happens when it comes to political corruption in Georgia.

Former legislators Charles Walker and Robin Williams have been prosecuted under
federal law. Both were convicted. And former state schools Superintendent Linda
Schrenko faces trial later this year.

State Attorney General Thurbert Baker and others say the state should be able to
deal more directly with officials who cheat taxpayers or abuse their offices.

"The feds have different priorities, different resources and different laws,"
said state Rep. Tom Bordeaux, D-Savannah. "They might just not want to deal with
some cases. It's not adequate for the state of Georgia to say, 'Let the feds
clean up our mess.'"

As things stand now, it's hard for the state to go after major corruption cases
"because we don't have all the tools to investigate it," Mr. Baker said.

For example, many political corruption cases unfold in two or more counties,
but, under state law, grand juries may investigate matters only within a single
county.

Mr. Baker's proposed solution: a statewide grand jury that can investigate
political corruption anywhere in Georgia. Several other states - among them
Florida and South Carolina - have similar bodies.

The idea has been kicked around for years and has been something of a political
football. But - despite skepticism in some circles - momentum may be building
for action.

Gov. Sonny Perdue and state Senate President Pro Tem Eric Johnson, R-Savannah,
are on board. So is Rep. Burke Day, the chairman of the House Public Safety
Committee.

"I'm all for it," the Tybee Island Republican said. "It's needed to have someone
who can actively take an independent look at these things."

Mr. Bordeaux, a former chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, supports the
idea in principle. But he says he wants to monitor the details closely to
prevent, for example, the use of such a body for political vendettas or "witch
hunts."

House Speaker Glenn Richardson, R-Hiram, is only lukewarm on the plan and wants
any such scheme limited to public corruption cases.

Mr. Baker's staff has drafted a bill, but he held off on seeking a sponsor
because he thought the governor would push his own measure. Mr. Perdue hasn't so
far, although a group he appointed endorsed the idea.

Mr. Baker says the governor's support is critical.

"That's probably the best way to get something passed, as part of the governor's
agenda," he said.

Mr. Johnson said he expects the Senate to consider a measure either for a
statewide grand jury or one based on judicial circuits.

Democratic House leader DuBose Porter, of Dublin, says he hasn't focused on the
issue yet.

"I'd be open to looking at anything that would help us do a better job of
enforcing ethics in government," Mr. Porter said. "But I'd really need to know
more about it and how the mechanism we have now is working and whether this
would improve it."

State Sen. Regina Thomas said she has an open mind but seemed skeptical.

"There's too many questions right now. Who's going to pay for it? Who is going
to appoint these people? How would it work? And I don't see anything wrong with
the way it's done now."

Indeed, it likely wasn't the lack of a statewide grand jury that prevented the
state from going after Mr. Walker. Most of the charges against the former
senator involved violation of federal mail fraud laws, Mr. Baker said.

But Mr. Day sees the ability of a state grand jury to cooperate with federal
officials as a strength, not a weakness.

"You could look at the state grand jury as the first line of offense," he said.
"I think the rock-solid understanding should be that they still turn over
anything major that might violate federal laws to the feds.

"But the role and focus of the FBI has been transformed since 9-11. ... They've
got other things to do. The state grand jury would not only go a long way for
Georgia but might take a burden off the FBI."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                              May 5, 2002, Sunday

CORRUPTION GROWS; STILL NO LEGAL CHANGES; CAPITOL COMMENT

BYLINE: Ledger Tallahassee Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 586 words


TALLAHASSEE

Four of Escambia County's five county commissioners were indicted last week as
part of a scandal involving allegations of bribery, theft and violations of
open-meetings laws.

Late last month, a Miami-Dade commissioner was arrested in a public corruption
probe.

Yet those events followed the Florida Legislature's decision, for the third year
in a row, to reject Gov. Jeb Bush's plea that the state's anti-corruption laws
be strengthened.

Bush, Attorney General Bob Butterworth and law enforcement officials have asked
lawmakers to improve the state ethics laws, saying some are too vague to be
enforceable and that resulting penalties are too mild to provide a deterrent to
public corruption.

A governor's task force recommended in 1999 that the Legislature redefine
"public corruption" and make violations a second-degree felony, which would
likely carry a prison sentence.

But the Legislature has balked, with the opposition coming from the Senate. The
House passed the bill this spring in a 117-0 vote, while the measure never made
it to the floor in the Senate.

Sen. Jim Sebesta, R-St. Petersburg, the sponsor of the Senate bill, said some
senators remain concerned that the bill's definition of corruption is too broad
and could apply to some of their activities, such as receiving food and drinks
from lobbyists.

Sebesta said he rejects the argument that the recent indictments show the
state's ethics laws are adequate.

"My take on it is still, and always has been: yes, we do need it and we should
do it," he said. "And hopefully, we will do it."

Sebesta said he, along with the governor and other proponents of the
legislation, will renew their effort next year, following the fall elections.

He also noted that it was not unusual to take a number of years to pass a major
bill in the Legislature.

"I'm going to carry on with this thing regardless of what happens," he said.

A BROTHERLY DIFFERENCE

President George W. Bush supports putting a "mental health parity" law into
place that would require insurance companies to provide the same level of
coverage for mental illnesses that they provide for physical ailments.

"Americans with mental illness deserve our understanding and they deserve
excellent care," the president said last week. "They deserve a health-care
system that treats their illness with the same urgency as a physical illness."

But many Republicans at the federal level and those in the Florida Legislature
have long argued that "mental health parity" would drive up costs for health
insurance and lead to an increase in the number of uninsured.

Among those who are skeptical about "mental health parity" is the president's
own brother: Gov. Jeb Bush.

Gov. Bush, who has resisted insurance "mandates" during his term as governor,
said that mental health coverage "is certainly an important subject, but it can
be extra expensive."

The governor added that before something like mental health parity can be
considered there needs to be an overall review of the state's health insurance
situation -- where an estimated 2 million remain without coverage.

Bush said he has already talked with House Speaker-designate Johnnie Byrd,
R-Plant City, about tackling both worker's compensation insurance and health
insurance in the months to come should Bush win a second term this fall.

"We need reforms to make sure that people have affordable health care," said
Bush.

Compiled from reports by Lloyd Dunkelberger and Gary Fineout.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2002 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 1, 2013 Wednesday

Roundup of Afghan press commentaries 25 Apr - 1 May 13

LENGTH: 1051 words


The following is a summary of Afghan press commentaries available to BBC
Monitoring between 25 April and 1 May 2013:

CIA cash payments

Afghan papers are unsurprised by reports that President Karzai has been
receiving cash in bags from the CIA:

Private Daily Afghanistan: "This is not the first time that a country has
provided cash to the Presidential Palace... This time it is said that the USA
has provided cash to the Presidential Palace. After the USA, it is said that the
UK has, although in a smaller amount, provided cash to the palace as well... It
seems that the only thing the government, especially the Presidential Palace,
should pay attention to is to precisely investigate this issue and report
transparently to the people. This will remove the suspicions and mistrust and
increase the people's trust in the government leaders." (1 May)

The pro-opposition Mandegar daily: "This is not the first time that it is
claimed that the government of Afghanistan has received money from other
countries secretly. It was also said two years ago that the office of Mr
Karzai's government was receiving money from the Islamic Republic of Iran, but
the Presidential Palace has not commented on this yet... The fact that we hear
that the so-called elected government of a country is secretly receiving money
from the spy agency of a super power is a big scandal." (30 April)

Private Sarnawesht: "The New York Times now says that the American intelligence
agency has provided cash to the Presidential Palace secretly against American
law... We once again say that there is large-scale corruption in the Afghan
government, but the foreigners, especially the Americans, have laid the
foundation of corruption. They have paved the way for corruption and they are
providing an opportunity for corrupt people to remain immune even now." (1 May)

The independent Hasht-e Sobh: "President Karzai has admitted receiving money
from the CIA. The receiving of the money from different foreign sources for
which there is no accountability is clear evidence of administrative corruption
... The donor countries must not allow their money to cause the expansion of
financial and administrative corruption instead of strengthening Afghan
government institutions." (1 May)

Pakistan's alleged border incursions

Kabul accuses America of having a hand in reported Pakistani incursions into
Afghan territory:

The pro-government Weesa daily: "Presidential Chief of Staff Mr Khorram has said
that the NATO forces have handed over control of parts of Goshta District of
Nangarhar Province to Pakistan and President Karzai has now sent a letter to
Barack Obama about this issue... The fact is that the USA has struck overt and
covert deals with Pakistan - the covert is the aid money given to the Pakistani
military apparently in the name of war on terror and only God knows about the
hidden deals between the two countries. There are signs that there is an
agreement between the two countries [Pakistan and the USA] over the continuation
of the crisis in Afghanistan." (30 April)

Sarnawesht: "The government of Afghanistan says that the coalition and American
forces have handed over the outposts they were using along the Durand Line in
2002 to the Pakistani military without the agreement of the Afghan government
and without consulting it... The government of Afghanistan should make it clear
to the USA that Kabul does not want to become an obstacle to the USA's goals,
but the latter is trampling on Afghanistan and is only relying on Pakistan,
which will have unpleasant consequences for the USA." (30 April)

Mojahedin victory

Newspapers remember the mojahedin's victory over the communist regime in 1992:

Hasht-e Sobh: "Marking the 8th Sowr [28 April] was very weak this year.
Apparently, the government did not mark the day for security reasons... From our
perspective, the main reason for this is that the 8th Sowr, victory anniversary
of the mojahedin, left bloody and disastrous consequences. The people of
Afghanistan expected nationwide security and tranquillity to come in their
country, and the reconstruction drive would start with the victory of the
mojahedin. However, the country witnessed a new phase of war, crisis and
instability instead. The historical city and capital of the country, Kabul, was
destroyed like capitals of European countries in World War II. The government
was destroyed completely, public property was looted and national structures,
like the army and police, were annihilated." (29 April)

Independent Cheragh: "The 8th Sowr coincides with the victory anniversary of the
mojahedin and the Islamic revolution in Afghanistan. They rescued the Afghan
nation from the claws of the Soviet and communist government with their night
and day efforts... The tumour of the communist government, whose last leader was
Najibollah, was uprooted in Afghanistan and although the Afghan mojahedin
succeeded in the beginning, internal differences made the victory fail." (29
April)

Sarnawesht: "Yesterday was 8th Sowr and the day before yesterday was the 7th
Sowr. The former Soviet Union coup organizers overthrew Daud Khan's government
on 27 April 1978... All criminals from 7th Sowr till now should be sentenced and
transitional justice should be implemented for real and lasting peace and
stability in Afghanistan... If we do not sentence such criminals, but appoint
them in high positions, we are in fact digging a grave ourselves for peace and
stability in Afghanistan." (29 April)

Mojahed (partly-affiliated weekly): "When history passes, we approach two
consecutive days, 7th and 8th Sowr. The two days, of which the former is a
stigma and the latter a big honour for the people of Afghanistan... As history
witnesses, the people have rarely seen the inheritors taste effective
consequences in revolutions and public uprisings, and the main inheritors are
marginalized somehow and the enemy who are on the ambush benefit from that. The
big victory and honour of the Afghan people also saw plots and incidents. Except
for the inclusion of the day [mojahedin's victory] in the official calendar, the
government did not mark it. The mojahedin are not treated well. No attention is
paid to those who made sacrifices and martyr heirs while some others became
wealthy as a consequence of jihad. " (29 April)

Source: As listed

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              April 6, 2014 Sunday

Book review: &ldquo;Without Mercy&rdquo; by David Beasley

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 374 words


"Without Mercy: The Stunning True Story of Race, Crime, and Corruption in the
Deep South" by David Beasley (St. Martin's Press, 276 pages, in stores)Not often
does a single book deal with governmental corruption, poverty, inequality,
history and crime. David Beasley's book does all that - and does it
masterfully.The setting is Georgia in the 1930s, but it could have been in any
number of states, especially Southern ones.The book begins with the December
1938 execution of seven black men in a single day in Georgia's electric chair.

The book soon makes the case that people with wealth and privilege could escape
death sentences and even the dreaded chain gangs. Even today, this country has
one system of justice for the poor and another for the rich.Considerable space
is devoted to two young men who killed for thrills and got away with it. As you
might guess, the men were from well-to-do families.One story is that of a
preacher who killed his son for insurance money to enable him to buy a new
Dodge. Mixed with this is a description of the regime of Georgia Gov. E.D.
Rivers, who operated a parole racket for white killers and other criminals.The
grinding poverty that drenched the state is described in a way that tears at the
soul. Education was so poorly funded that school terms often ended at six
months, and teachers might wait long periods for pay.Corruption was rampant,
with the Ku Klux Klan holding sway. Even Gov. Rivers made no attempt to deny his
Klan activities.Beasley shows that much has improved in the past several
decades. Executions have declined, for instance, but still there were 43 in 2012
in the United States. Thirty of them, the author points out, were in the
Southern states of Texas, Oklahoma, Mississippi and Florida.The KKK has lost
most of its power, but it still has a presence in Oklahoma and elsewhere.An
Atlanta resident, Beasley is a former newspaper editor and co-author of "Inside
Coca-Cola." His talent as a writer is apparent on each of this book's pages,
making it flow impeccably.Anyone interested in the sufferings of the Great
Depression and in criminal justice will benefit from perusing this work. It is a
keeper, one of the best I've seen in a long time.- Dennie Hall,for The Oklahoman

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 10, 2012 Friday

Fed public corruption inquiry doesn't have sights on Coastal Securities Inc.

BYLINE: Chris Roberts, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 544 words


Feb. 10--Coastal Securities, El Paso County's financial adviser, is "not a
subject or target" of a federal public corruption investigation, according to a
letter from the Western District of Texas U.S. Attorney's Office.

The letter, written by Criminal Division Chief Richard L. Durbin Jr. for U.S.
Attorney Robert Pitman, states that the district "continues to investigate the
circumstances and events surrounding the selection of the El Paso County
Financial Advisor in 2007; however, Coastal Securities Inc., is not a subject or
target of our investigation."

Coastal was mentioned in a December federal indictment charging former County
Judge Anthony Cobos with conspiracy to commit mail fraud and with mail fraud.

The indictment stated that Jorge Rodriguez, Coastal's regional representative,
had provided tickets to an NCAA regional finals basketball game in San Antonio
"and other benefits valued in excess of $10,000" to County Commissioner Dan
Haggerty. Haggerty then allegedly hatched a scheme with Cobos to install Coastal
as the city's financial adviser.

A superseding indictment filed in January removed all mention of Haggerty,
Coastal and Rodriguez. The new indictment

also eliminated two charges against Cobos, leaving only a single charge of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud and deprivation of honest services. Haggerty
said the new indictment vindicated him.

"We have always contended that the allegations against us were baseless and that
we would be exonerated," said Chris Melton, Coastal executive vice president.
"We are glad that we have been provided with this clarification and that we can
now resume providing the best possible services to our clients."

The letter did not specifically mention Rodriguez.

"I think the superseding indictment speaks for itself," Rodriguez said in a
brief telephone interview.

Michael McCrum, a San Antonio attorney representing Rodriguez, said, "Based on
all that I know, Jorge Rodriguez is not a subject or target of any criminal
investigation."

After the initial Cobos indictment, El Paso County Commissioners Court decided
to consider other companies to fill the financial adviser position. Some
commissioners said that, although Coastal has not been charged with a crime, a
new financial adviser would help restore public trust in local government.

At the end of January, the court approved a process creating an independent
committee, which would receive bids from companies wanting to advise the county
on how to manage its assets and bonded debt. Commissioners are expected to
select among three top candidates by April.

"This definitely does not change my mind about the (new) process, 2007 was the
last time we put this out to bid and that was five years ago," County Judge
Veronica Escobar said of the letter. "Just in terms of best practices, we need
to do this."

Escobar said she supports a questionnaire with "strong public integrity
questions" designed to disqualify businesses with legal or ethical problems. She
said that process will determine whether Coastal is considered for the position.

Chris Roberts may be reached at chrisr@elpasotimes.com; 546-6136.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120210-EY-HLT-Fed-public-corruption
-inquiry-doesn-t-have-sights-on-Coastal-Securities-Inc-0210-20120210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 15, 1999, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Scandals Affirm New York As Union Corruption Capital

BYLINE: By STEVEN GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1645 words


The scandal that swept the president of New York City's janitors' local from his
union penthouse earlier this month was the latest in a series of stinging labor
setbacks, stemming from an unusual combination of forces, that have made the
city the national capital of union excess and corruption.

Other cities are well known for union corruption, of course, among them Chicago,
Boston, Providence, R.I., and several New Jersey locales. But labor
investigators and experts say no other city today comes close to New York in the
number of officials under investigation or the dozens of union locals under
trusteeship.

"I don't think there's any question that New York, because of some historical
reasons and some unfortunate traditions, has the unfortunate rank as the No. 1
labor racketeering city in the nation," said Michael Cherkasky, a former
prosecutor who is chief operating officer of Kroll Associates, the investigative
firm.

Labor corruption is so widespread in New York that union locals representing
300,000 workers -- nearly one-fourth of the city's unionized work force -- have
been in trusteeship at some point over the last two years.

New York's union scandals stem from many factors, among them more aggressive
policing by parent unions, a continuation of prosecutors' longstanding cleanup
efforts, and a push by union dissidents to expose their leaders' misdeeds.

The leader of the janitors' union, Gus Bevona, for example, was pushed out
because his parent union, the Service Employees International Union, was angry
about his $450,000 salary and extravagant penthouse. Stanley Hill, the longtime
executive director of District Council 37, which represents 120,000 city
workers, was forced out in December by his parent union, the American Federation
of State, County and Municipal Employees, because dissidents had discovered
evidence of what they said was extensive corruption and the Manhattan District
Attorney's office was expanding its investigation into suspected kickbacks,
embezzlement and vote fraud.

In the last two years, the former president of the carpenters' union in New York
City was convicted of stealing more than $50,000, while numerous teamsters
officials have been expelled for ties to organized crime. The former president
of the transit police union was convicted in June of taking kickbacks, and two
members of the Lucchese crime family have pleaded guilty to the 1990 murder of a
mob rival who ran a painters' union local. And two weeks ago, Federal
prosecutors obtained a three-year extension of their four-year-old trusteeship
of the 13,000-member Mason Tenders District Council, which represents
construction workers. Union officials, prosecutors said, wasted or stole more
than $50 million from the union's benefit fund.

Government officials say such examples explain why the United States Department
of Labor and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have placed more racketeering
investigators in New York than in any other city. Although other cities may have
extensive corruption in two or three unions -- in Chicago, it is the teamsters,
hotel workers and laborers -- in New York, there have been deep-seated problems
in many unions, including those involving the carpenters, government employees,
ironworkers, longshoremen, mason tenders, painters, plumbers, service employees
and teamsters.

A confluence of factors -- historic, demographic, economic and political -- has
made New York the mother lode of union corruption. Those factors include the
city's entrenched Mafia presence, its huge construction industry, many immigrant
workers and the juxtaposition of muscular unions and small, vulnerable
businesses.

For New Yorkers, the price of union corruption has been high. For example, it
has raised costs to erect a building, to exhibit at the Jacob K. Javits
Convention Center and to hire private garbage haulers.

For labor leaders, there is concern that all the corruption is souring the
public on unions and eclipsing the positive developments that point to a rebirth
of labor. Those developments include last year's 100,000 increase in union
membership nationwide, labor's successes in electing union-friendly candidates
to Congress last November and the continuing campaigns to unionize hotel maids,
home health aides and doctors around the country.

"The high-profile episodes of corruption and skulduggery in New York and
elsewhere are unquestionably hurting efforts to revive the labor movement," said
Nelson Lichtenstein, a University of Virginia labor historian.

One symbol of labor's decay in New York is that Plumbers Local 2, famed for
giving a start to George Meany, the A.F.L.-C.I.O. president from 1955 to 1979,
was disgraced in 1996, when its leaders pleaded guilty to extorting nearly $1
million in bribes to arrange sweetheart contracts.

New York's labor leaders say there is far less corruption, especially the
heavy-duty variety like extortion and beatings, than in the days of the film "On
the Waterfront," during the 1950's, largely because of persistent efforts by
district attorneys and Federal prosecutors. City labor leaders say that New York
has some of the nation's most honest and respected unions, like the United
Federation of Teachers and 1199, the National Health and Human Service Employees
Union.

But Andrew Stern, president of the Service Employees International Union -- the
man who put Mr. Bevona's Local 32B-32J into trusteeship this month -- complained
that the excesses and crimes of New York unions often made the public overlook
the good things about labor.

Mr. Stern boasted, for instance, that last year, 1199, a Service Employees
International affiliate, negotiated the best contract for hospital workers in
the nation's history. "But compared to what happened with Local 32B-32J, that
kind of success gets overwhelmed," he said.

Although Mr. Bevona has not been accused of any crimes, the union movement has
been acutely embarrassed by his unusual salary, his luxurious penthouse and the
$1.5 million he received in severance pay and unused vacation.

Despite the long roster of wrongdoing, many union officials say that as a result
of all the trusteeships and oversight, New York labor may be at a turning point
and may end up more honest and vigorous.

"I'm very optimistic about the city's labor movement right now," said Henry
Tamarin, president of a once-corrupt New York local of restaurant workers, which
has been cleaned up and transformed into a model of aggressive union organizing.
"There's a lot of new leadership, and there's really an opportunity to turn
things around, to do more organizing, to get more involved in politics in a way
we haven't seen for years."

Any analyst of New York's unions points, of course, to the Mafia as a major
factor behind labor corruption, especially in the many teamster locals that have
been involved in kickbacks, shakedowns and embezzlement. For example, before
Teamsters Local 282 was placed into trusteeship in 1995, prosecutors showed that
it was controlled by John J. Gotti's crime family. The 4,000-member local, whose
members deliver building materials, often threatened slowdowns to extort money
from building contractors, for whom delays could cost millions of dollars,
prosecutors said.

Other factors have also fueled New York's labor corruption. Unlike Detroit and
Pittsburgh, which were long dominated by large companies in a single industry,
New York's economy is characterized by tens of thousands of small businesses,
desperate to outlast the competition. This industrial structure has enabled some
unions to extort money from these businesses or to offer sweetheart deals in
exchange for payoffs.

Lois Gray, a Cornell labor relations professor, said: "Small companies in highly
competitive industries are much more tempted to buy their way through a labor
problem. It would be hard for G.M. to do that. They're too much in the public
eye."

The city's work force is also made up in large part of immigrants, who often do
not know their rights and are too insecure to challenge dishonest union leaders.
And because many New York unions are composed primarily of one ethnic group,
members often feel they would betray their group if they ratted on venal
leaders.

Some labor experts say another factor feeding corruption is that unions
contribute millions of dollars to city and state politicians, helping make
government officials less aggressive in investigating unions and passing strict
laws to regulate them.

"Public employee unions are cash cows at election time," said Mark Rosenthal,
president of a motor vehicle operators' local, who had a major role in
unearthing corruption at District Council 37. "They feel they can keep
Democratic and Republican politicians off their backs. They felt untouchable
because of that."

In many national unions, the New York locals are the biggest units by far. As a
result, leaders of the parent unions are often loath to pressure wayward New
York locals to stop cutting corners for fear that the those locals will fight
against their re-election.

Many members of District Council 37 fault the parent union for waiting until
December to put the council into trusteeship even though the Manhattan District
Attorney had long been investigating allegations of kickbacks, embezzlement and
vote fraud. The president of the local in the council that represents 25,000
cafeteria workers and crossing guards has already been ousted because a union
panel found he misappropriated more than $1.5 million, while other officials
have acknowledged rigging the council's 1996 contract ratification vote.

"Parent unions have often been very slow to act," said Carl Biers, executive
director of the Association for Union Democracy, a Brooklyn-based group. "In
many unions, there is great reluctance to recognize that corruption is a
problem."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Stanley Hill. Gus Bevona (pg. B1)

Chart: "A CLOSER LOOK: Scandals for New York's Labor Unions

FEBRUARY 1999 -- The parent union, the Service Employees International Union,
forces Gus Bevona, president of the 55,000-member Local 32B-32J, into
retirement, because it is unhappy with his salary, perks and undemocratic rule.

FEBRUARY 1999 -- Federal prosecutors get a three-year extension of the
four-year-old trusteeship of the 13,000-member Mason Tenders District Council,
which represents construction workers. Prosecutors say its officials wasted or
stole more than $50 million from its benefit fund.

DECEMBER 1998 -- The parent union, the American Federation of State, County and
Municipal Employees, imposes direct control of District Council 37, which
represents 123,000 city workers and faces the Manhattan District Attorney's
investigation into allegations of kickbacks, embezzlement and vote fraud.

NOVEMBER 1998 -- Joseph DeCanio, president of a local representing 1,000 city
highway laborers, pleads guilty to helping fix union elections and receiving
more than $50,000 in kickbacks from providing Thanksgiving turkeys to other
locals.

JUNE 1998 -- The former president of the transit police union and three union
lawyers and advisers are sentenced to prison in a kickback and bribery scheme.

JUNE 1998 -- A union judicial panel expels Charles Hughes, president of a
District Council local for school crossing guards and cafeteria workers, finding
that he misappropriated more than $1.7 million.

MARCH 1998 -- A Federal jury convicts Frederick W. Devine, former president of
New York's 25,000-member District Council of Carpenters, of stealing more than
$50,000 that had been earmarked to create jobs for unemployed carpenters.

AUGUST 1997 -- The parent union imposes trusteeship on Service Employees Local
144, representing 30,000 health care workers, finding that the president ran up
more than $100,000 in questionable hotel and restaurant charges. (pg. B6)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 22, 2012 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Judge's secrecy: Too many sealed documents

BYLINE: El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 371 words


July 22--U.S. District Judge Frank Montalvo has provided a firm hand while
overseeing most of El Paso's public corruption cases. He has been fair, but also
has handed down meaningful sentences that send a message that public corruption
will bring a high cost to those who are caught.

But Montalvo also has conducted the cases in unusual secrecy. The sentence for
one key player, Travis Ketner, has been kept secret from the public.

And recently, Montalvo sealed a document detailing the guilty plea and
admissions by Ruben "Sonny" Garcia, even though the document was read in open
court.

Judges always must balance competing interests. Defendants have a right to a
fair trial. The public has a right to know what is happening in their
courtrooms.

When those rights conflict, judges have to give preference to one right over the
other.

We believe Montalvo has erred too often against transparency. Legal experts
interviewed by the El Paso Times agreed.

"That sounds excessive to me," Houston First Amendment lawyer Charles Daughtry
said of the decision to seal the details of Garcia's admissions. "The document
was read in open court; the whole purpose of sealing appears to be gone at that
point."

Douglass E. Lee, an Illinois-based expert on public access to the courts, put it
this way: "The fundamental premise with regard to openness is that openness will
allow the people allegedly served by these bodies to evaluate how these bodies
are performing."

"Either you trust the people

or you don't," Lee said. "If you don't, we've got bigger problems."

Public confidence is especially important when the court is dealing with public
corruption allegations. The real damage of public corruption is its corrosive
effect on public confidence in key institutions.

Courts risk worsening that crisis of confidence when they engage in excessive
secrecy in dealing with public corruption allegations.

Federal judges have broad powers. We believe Montalvo is a strong judge who acts
in what he sees as the best interests of justice. We would encourage him to
revisit his decisions on sealing documents.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120722-EY-EDITORIAL-Judge-s-secrecy-Too-many-sealed-documents-0722-20120722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            December 9, 1991, Monday

A 30-second glance at state and local news

SECTION: STATE AND LOCAL NEWS; SECTION B; PAGE 02

LENGTH: 1088 words


The U.S. Supreme Court today hears the appeal of former DeKalb County
Commissioner John Evans Jr., and the ruling could establish a precedent for
political corruption prosecutions (See B1). Fulton County officials are
considering a controversial financing plan for the Auburn Avenue black history
library that could cost taxpayers about $ 725,000 a year for the next 15 years
(See B1). A U.S. Bankruptcy judge today is expected to rule whether the
remaining 5,000 acres of Saudi Prince Faisal's North Georgia land will be sold
to a carpet mogul who wants to turn it into a horse farm (See B3).; METRO &
GEORGIA IN BRIEF; 2 Atlantans get Rhodes scholarships

Two Atlanta residents who were partners on The Westminster Schools debate team
have been awarded prestigious Rhodes scholarships.

William David Ball, 21, a senior at the University of North Carolina at Chapel
Hill, and Marc Lipsitch, 22, a recent graduate of Yale University, received the
scholarships to study at Oxford University in England.

Mr. Ball, who is majoring in history with a minor in Japanese, is expected to
graduate from UNC next spring and then attend Oxford to study philosophy,
politics and economics. He is the son of Alice and Byrd Ball of northwest
Atlanta.

Mr. Lipsitch, who is working for the New York City Fellows Program, will study
biology at Oxford next fall. He is the son of Susan and Ian Lipsitch of
northwest Atlanta.

The Rhodes scholarship pays a $ 12,000 annual stipend and all expenses for two
years.; COURTS

Vicki Long paternity trial begins today. Vicki Long, the woman at the center of
a Roman Catholic sex scandal that brought down an archbishop, is going to court
today to try to prove that a priest fathered her child. Ms. Long's affair with
Atlanta Archbishop Eugene Marino led to his resignation last year. But Ms.
Long's saga with the church began in 1987, when she filed a lawsuit claiming the
Rev. Donal Keohane fathered her daughter, LaDonna Michelle, now 5. Laboratory
analysts said blood tests showed the Rev. Keohane, a Columbus priest now living
in California, could not be the girl's father. A Fulton County Superior Court
jury will review those tests and also could consider Ms. Long's claim that the
Rev. Keohane should have to pay child support even if he is not the biological
father. Ms. Long contends the priest once agreed to pay $ 350 a month to support
the girl and should be ordered to keep the promise. In a deposition filed in the
case, the Rev. Keohane said he made that promise out of desperation to keep Ms.
Long from publicizing her charge.; TRANSPORTATION

Quick funding sought for Memphis-Atlanta highway. The first link of the
Atlanta-to-Memphis superhighway could be built in northwest Alabama if that
state can quickly find some way to pay part of the cost, said U.S. Rep. Bud
Cramer (D-Huntsville). He is pushing for approval of a 65- mile stretch from
Mooresville to Sheffield as the first link in the proposed corridor. "It's
logical. More people would be served than at any other place along the route
besides Atlanta, and Atlanta already has interstates," Mr. Cramer said. Work on
the highway, estimated to be a $ 1.5 billion to $ 2 billion project, could be
completed in as little as 15 years if the states involved seize on the route as
a priority project, Mr. Cramer said. The Surface Transportation Act, which is
awaiting President Bush's signature, would authorize $ 30 million in federal
funds for planning over the next five years.; POLITICS

Gingrich says Gwinnett can produce Republican winners. U.S. Rep. Newt Gingrich
says Gwinnett County is poised to help add more Republicans to Georgia's
congressional delegation. The House Republican Whip told members of the county
Republican Party that Gwinnett will play a major role in his re-election bid
next year, as well as elections in two other districts that contain portions of
the affluent northeast Atlanta suburb. "Your county may be as helpful as any
single county in America," he said. "Because potentially we could come out of
Gwinnett County with three Republican winners for Congress, and I think that's
very possible." Mr. Gingrich, the only Republican in Georgia's congressional
delegation, has said he will run in Georgia's newly drawn 6th District, which
includes a western strip in Gwinnett.; ETC.

Gas main rupture in southeast forces evacuation. Atlanta police and fire
officials had to evacuate seven people in office buildings and close off
Jonesboro Road in the area of Southside Industrial Boulevard for about an hour
Sunday after a gas main ruptured. Construction crews grading Jonesboro Road
accidentally broke the gas line about 8:17 a.m. and fire fighters were called to
the scene in southeast Atlanta. The gas line was shut off within 30 minutes and
will be repaired today, said Ross Willis, a spokesman for Atlanta Gas Light Co.

Economy, taxes put spirits business in somber mood. A sluggish economy, higher
taxes and health concerns are combining to cut profits of alcohol sales. Jerry
Greenbaum, who operates two Green's package stores in Atlanta, said the spirits
business generally has been slow in 1991. In the first four months of the year,
liquor sales on a per-gallon basis sank 12 percent compared with the same period
last year, according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States Inc.
The council blamed that drop on the increase in the federal excise tax that took
effect in January. Local distributors say 1991 hasn't been devastating -
although this month won't compare to December 1990, when retailers were buying
big to beat the January tax increase.

Program provides ankle bracelets to track troubled youths. Columbus officials
hope tracking troubled youths by using ankle bracelets will ease crowding in
juvenile detention centers. The program, funded by a $ 25,000 state grant, is a
way of tracking youths who could be sentenced to home detention and a curfew
instead of time in a juvenile center. Officials hope using such bracelets on
juveniles will alleviate crowding in the Columbus Regional Youth Development
Center. Director Nathan Davis said the center designed for 30 has been averaging
about 40 youths for the past 18 months. The youths will wear ankle bracelets
linked with a computer that will monitor their movements after curfew. Each
youth's bracelet would be adjusted to allow for school, jobs, church or other
acceptable activities.

From staff and news services

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Vicki Long and Newt Gingrich

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 16, 2015 Monday
                        The International New York Times

Romania's Corruption Battle

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg.

LENGTH: 854 words


Romania's corruption battle

Re ''Romania's anti-corruption mania'' (Opinion, March 5) by Patrick Basham: An
unprecedented effort to bring political corruption to task is underway in
Romania. Reaching from government ministers to local officials, it deserves
praise for the courage of the prosecutors. Yet Mr. Basham describes these
efforts as having ''rapidly metastasized into an illiberal crusade.'' He's quite
wrong. What is happening -- as I have witnessed firsthand -- is a dramatic
housecleaning that happens once in a generation. More importantly it reflects
the frustrations of a young, Western-minded, post-Communist generation.

Dan DimancescuConcord, Mass.

The writer is the honorary consul general of Romania in Boston.

Keep the Russian sanctions

Re ''Why sanctions on Russia will backfire'' (Opinion, March 6): Samuel Charap
and Bernard Sucher predict that the sanctions imposed on Russia for invading
Ukraine will harm American and Western interests. Their reasoning is flawed and
their alternative is appeasement.

When Russia annexed Crimea by force and invaded Ukraine, it violated all
treaties and understandings that had provided Europe a measure of stability and
prosperity since World War II. Let's be clear: By violating those norms, Russia
isolated itself. Its actions were condemned by the broad international
community, which imposed economic sanctions on Russia, both in response to its
unprovoked invasion and to deter further cross-border aggression. These
sanctions -- combined with dramatically lower oil prices -- have sent the
Russian economy into recession. The sanctions would not be in place but for
President Vladimir Putin's bad decisions.

The international system of trade and finance will miss the Russians, but not
much. Russia is an (often unreliable) supplier of energy, and not much else. The
Russian people cannot be fooled forever and will sooner or later figure out who
is to blame for their falling economic prospects. As an alternative to economic
sanctions, the writers propose broad negotiations on regional security. Would
the United States and Europe try to appease Russia with negotiations over the
heads of the Ukrainians while Russian armed forces are in Donbass supporting
separatists and while Russia occupies Crimea? The question answers itself.

William B. Taylor Washington

The writer, a former American ambassador to Ukraine, is acting executive vice
president of the United States Institute of Peace.

The Sunni-Shiite struggle

Re ''The education of Jihadi John'' (Opinion, March 4): Maajid Nawaz points out
that Hizb-ut-Tahrir started looking for followers as early as 1953. Indeed,
ideas of Islamic government have circulated in the Arab world since the 1930s
and even earlier, with limited success. Islamic government in the 20th and 21st
centuries has only seemed feasible since Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's 1979
revolution in Iran.

By calling for broader Islamic revolution in the Arab world, Ayatollah Khomeini
roused Sunni opposition to what was perceived as Shiite Iran's power grab.
Saddam Hussein checked Iran's progress temporarily after the 1980-88 war until
he was later overthrown by the American invasion. In the meantime, this
energized Sunni movements such as Al Qaeda, the Taliban and now the Islamic
State, which are often inspired and funded by Wahhabi Salafists from Sunni Saudi
Arabia.

Unfortunately, now that the Sunni-Shiite battle is once again in earnest,
radical Sunni organizations in North Africa and elsewhere where there are few or
no Shiites have also been given renewed hope of victory. These struggles will
last at least as long as a major state in the Middle East boasts of successful
religious government.

While the Sunni-Shiite struggle may not be obvious to Muslims recruited in the
West, it is a constant in the Middle East. Inserting Western ''crusaders'' into
this mix only feeds Islamic propaganda. The best that Western governments and
Israel can do is operate behind the scenes and assist the return of stability
once the Sunni-Shiite struggle peters out in a stalemate (as it did in 1980-88)
and the other Sunni remnants lose hope.

George B. LambrakisLondon

The writer was counselor for political affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran
before and during the 1979 revolution.

Education can fight inequality

Re ''Knowledge isn't power'' (Feb. 24): Paul Krugman argues that because there
aren't enough good jobs to get, educating people won't get them jobs. I think
the gradual conversion of higher education into job training, along with the
stigmatizing of the educated from the Nixon and Reagan eras to the present, has
had as much to do with the immense transfer of power to ever fewer (corporate)
hands, as has the crushing of unions and exportation of jobs overseas. The
profit motive dominating all things must be resisted through revalorizing
education -- not job training. Education as the opening and extending of one's
world and inspiring students to seek possibilities beyond the manic pursuit of
money at all costs is the answer to inequality. That knowledge has power.

Adrienne LebanNew York




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/16/opinion/romanias-corruption-battle.html

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 17, 2014 Sunday

El Paso businessman charged with public corruption to plead guilty again

BYLINE: Adriana M. Chávez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 570 words


Aug. 17--An El Paso businessman who successfully fought to withdraw his guilty
pleas to public corruption charges last year is scheduled to plead guilty again
Tuesday.

Adrian Peña, 40, pleaded guilty in late 2010 to two counts of mail fraud and was
sentenced by U.S. District Judge Frank Montalvo to six years and four months in
prison. Montalvo also ordered Peña to pay a $250,000 fine.

Last year, a federal appeals court allowed Peña to withdraw his pleas and ruled
Montalvo inappropriately interfered in the plea negotiations. Peña was later
released from federal prison on bond and his case was transferred to U.S.
District Judge Kathleen Cardone.

Also last year, federal prosecutors filed new criminal charges against Peña and
his wife alleging they conspired between Sept. 3, 2009, and June 21, 2010, to
falsely charge the federal government for construction of a federal facility in
Arizona.

At the time of the alleged conspiracy, Melissa Peña was the vice president of
SDVO, which was owned by her father, Carlos Nuñez, and Adrian Peña worked as a
construction consultant for SDVO. The company is not named in the indictment.

The indictment also alleges the Peñas made a fraudulent claim for payment
totaling about $547,071 from the government. Prosecutors are also asking that
the Peñas forfeit $1,033,550.55, the total amount they allegedly received from
the scheme.

Adrian Peña said last year that both he and his wife are innocent of the new
claims, which he called "retaliation" by the federal government after
successfully winning his appeal. He declined to comment for this story.

Melissa Peña is scheduled to go to trial next year.

Adrian Peña is a former construction consultant for contractor C.F. Jordan who
was accused by federal prosecutors of agreeing to remodel an El Paso County
commissioner's home in return for the commissioner's vote to award a contract to
Adrian Peña's employer. The commissioner has been identified as Elizabeth
"Betti" Flores.

Prosecutors also alleged that Adrian Peña, co-defendant José Gallegos and others
planned to pay a $13,000 bribe to an El Paso Independent School District trustee
for his help in getting contracts for subcontractors. The trustee was later
identified in an El Paso Times article as Sal Mena Jr.

After originally pleading guilty to the mail fraud charges, Adrian Peña and his
appeals attorney Donna F. Coltharp, a San Antonio-based assistant federal public
defender, filed an appeal in 2012 seeking to withdraw his pleas, arguing
Montalvo violated Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure when he
told Peña's lawyer, Tom Stanton, that he would not accept the plea unless
Stanton resolved a civil case involving Adrian Peña and SDVO.

According to Adrian Peña's appeal, he directed Stanton to "make happen what the
Court requested" even though Adrian Peña felt that if he were to go to trial, he
would be found not guilty. Stanton also tried to withdraw as Adrian Peña's
attorney, citing a potential conflict of interest because he represented SDVO in
the civil case. Montalvo denied Stanton's request to withdraw.

The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals vacated the guilty pleas last June.

Adrian Peña's plea hearing is scheduled for 11 a.m. Tuesday before Cardone.

Adriana M. Chávez may be reached at 546-6117.

___ (c)2014 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140817-EY-El-Paso-businessman-charged-with-public-corruption
-to-plead-guilty-again-0817-20140817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2014 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday

Corruption figure Scarantino loses appeal for his pension

BYLINE: Bob Kalinowski, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


Nov. 09--The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has declined to hear an appeal by former
Pittston Area Superintendent Ross Scarantino, who has been fighting to obtain
his lucrative pension after being snared on public corruption charges.

Scarantino, among the first arrested in the area's widespread public corruption
probe that led to federal charges against dozens of public officials, had sought
to appeal a lower court's ruling that denied his pension.

The state Supreme Court on Friday released a one-page order that said the
"petition for allowance of appeal is denied."

In April, Commonwealth Court had affirmed a ruling by the state Public School
Employees' Retirement Board, which denied pension benefits to Scarantino based
on his guilty plea on a charge of corrupt receipt of a reward.

Scarantino admitted he illegally accepted $5,000 from a contractor who he later
helped obtain school contracts.

Based on his 41 years of service, Scarantino had been eligible to receive about
$1.5 million in pension benefits, authorities have said. Charged in April 2009,
Scarantino later served 13 months in federal prison, most of it at the Federal
Correctional Institution at Fort Dix in New Jersey.

At the time the retirement system denied benefits to Scarantino, a spokesman
noted "the corrupt receipt of reward for official action concerning a program
receiving federal funds is essentially the same as (the state charge of) bribery
in official and political matters," a charge that makes one ineligible for
pension benefits.

bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com

570-821-2055, @cvbobkal

___ (c)2013 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131109-YC-Corruption
-figure-Scarantino-loses-appeal-for-his-pension-1109-20131109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2013 The Citizens' Voice


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Criticism of Cuomo Grows as the Problems in Albany Endure

BYLINE: By DANNY HAKIM; Thomas Kaplan contributed reporting from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1329 words


ALBANY -- Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo once called himself the ''sheriff of State
Street.''

Referring to the road that runs alongside the Capitol, he promised to patrol
corruption as attorney general. The night he was elected governor in 2010, he
vowed to end the ''dysfunction and degradation'' in Albany. And last month,
after the state budget passed, he said he had triumphed over the ''dysfunction
and chaos of Albany.''

But two corruption cases last week underscored a season of challenge for Mr.
Cuomo, who has faced more criticism over the last few months than he did during
much of his first two years, just as he is preparing to run for re-election next
year and, say people close to him, pondering whether to run for president in
2016.

During an extended two-year honeymoon as governor, and the previous four years
as attorney general, Mr. Cuomo and his staff assiduously warded off hints of
dissent and disobedience. They scripted praise for outside groups to recite,
removed some of Mr. Cuomo's potentially troublesome records from public view at
the state archives, and effectively silenced many by making it known that they
''never forget'' slights and that they ''operate on two speeds'' -- ''get along
and kill.''

But this year, some of the governor's traditional allies are turning on him, his
poll numbers have begun to show signs of erosion and the State Legislature has
become more assertive.

The corruption prosecutions are further complicating Mr. Cuomo's challenges as
he seeks to make the case that he has transformed Albany. A federal prosecutor,
Preet Bharara, alleged last Tuesday that Senator Malcolm A. Smith, a Queens
Democrat and former president of the State Senate, had tried to pay New York
City Republican leaders to allow him a spot on that party's mayoral primary
ballot. Then, on Thursday, Mr. Bharara alleged that Assemblyman Eric A.
Stevenson had accepted a bribe in exchange for legislation in Albany, and that
Assemblyman Nelson L. Castro had been cooperating with prosecutors after he
himself was secretly indicted on a charge of perjury in the Bronx.

''A 'show me the money' culture in Albany is alive and well,'' said Mr. Bharara,
the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York.

New York has long ceded corruption fighting to the Justice Department, but Mr.
Cuomo said on Monday that he would push for changes to the state's election and
campaign fund-raising laws, declaring, ''Never waste a crisis, as they say.'' He
suggested, as he has in the past, that he would consider creating a special
commission to investigate corruption.

But, speaking on the public radio program ''The Capitol Pressroom,'' he also
tried to play down the state's role in the latest corruption charges.

''It was not an Albany scandal,'' he said of last week's cases against
legislators, one of which involved an assemblyman accused of accepting money for
a legislative proposal. ''It was primarily about New York City.''

Mr. Cuomo has repeatedly noted in recent days that, when he was attorney
general, he successfully prosecuted several important corruption cases. But his
efforts as governor to police state government have drawn some criticism. A
revamped ethics commission that Mr. Cuomo championed has limited authority,
unable even to release some of its own reports.

Mr. Cuomo said he was proud of his accomplishments in Albany. ''I believe the
government has performed with renewed integrity,'' he said. ''Obviously we have
more to do -- because we want integrity everywhere, all branches, all people.''

The new corruption cases come after several months in which there have been
indications that Mr. Cuomo is less invincible than he once was.

On the opening day of the Albany session, the governor pushed through gun
control legislation without significant legislative advice or debate, and before
the bill was carefully vetted -- an insular approach that is becoming a hallmark
of policy development in the Cuomo administration. The move, which included a
tightened ban on assault weapons, cheered many after the Newtown massacre, and
positioned Mr. Cuomo as the first governor to act in the tragedy's wake. But it
also alienated the governor's supporters on the right, including The New York
Post, which has turned against him with venom. Republican voters had been
surprisingly positive about the governor, but now seem to be souring on him.

The gun measure needed a quick rewrite after one of the law's key provisions,
banning the sale of 10-round magazines, proved unworkable. Mayor Michael R.
Bloomberg observed that ''if they had taken a few more days'' to consult with
others, the Cuomo administration might have avoided problems with the
legislation. And Larry Cafero, the Connecticut House Republican leader, took his
own shot not long before his state reached its own deal, saying, ''To be the
first out of the blocks and get it wrong is not a success.''

Mr. Cuomo also started to face unfamiliar trouble within his own ranks.
Stephanie A. Miner, the Syracuse mayor, whom the governor just last year
handpicked to be the co-chairwoman of the state Democratic Party, publicly
assailed his proposed budget because of what she viewed as inadequate provisions
to assist struggling upstate cities. Her continuing dissent erupted just days
after Mr. Cuomo called for the party to be a ''tighter'' ship.

More recently, the State Legislature, previously cowed by Mr. Cuomo, has been
more assertive. Most of Mr. Cuomo's fellow Democrats in the Senate voted against
the health care portion of the state budget, partly to protest the governor's
cuts to providers of services to people with developmental disabilities. And, in
a more ominous move, a State Assembly committee decided to review the inclusion
of a luxury box for state officials as part of a $130 million deal to renovate
the stadium where the Buffalo Bills play.

Business groups, traditional allies of Mr. Cuomo, this year have chafed over the
governor's rewriting of the state's tax code on the fly as part of a final,
opaque round of budget talks. The budget includes extending a high-tax bracket
on high incomes and a surcharge on utilities.

''Clearly, we were disappointed,'' said Kathryn S. Wylde, president of the
Partnership for New York City, a leading business group and one of Mr. Cuomo's
most important allies.

The tax changes, which also include a $350 tax rebate for middle class families
to be delivered shortly before Election Day next year, diverge from Mr. Cuomo's
initial stance as governor, when he ruled out tax increases. Since then, his
orthodoxy has softened. This month, he said of the budget, ''You can't bring
down all the taxes,'' adding, ''some taxes go up, some taxes go down.''

Brian Sampson, head of Unshackle Upstate, another crucial business group, called
the budget ''a step backwards,'' adding, ''it's safe to say we're losing
patience.''

The governor has hailed the budget as a success largely because it was approved
before the start of the state's fiscal year, on April 1, for the third year in a
row. Mr. Cuomo sees that as evidence that he has restored order and stability
after the chaotic administrations of Eliot Spitzer and David A. Paterson, and
years of late budgets under George E. Pataki.

Mr. Cuomo can also claim a string of legislative successes, including same-sex
marriage, a cap on property taxes and gun control. But he has had little success
addressing the state's long-term challenges. Much of upstate New York remains
economically moribund. Municipal governments from Nassau County to Yonkers to
Syracuse are teetering. And during Mr. Cuomo's time in office, unemployment has
risen above the national average.

Changing Albany's political culture may be as great a challenge. On Monday, Mr.
Cuomo seemed to be lowering expectations.

''You will always have individuals who break the law,'' he said, adding, ''If
someone says, 'Well, we need a system where no one does anything wrong,' then
they're talking about a utopia that doesn't exist.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/09/nyregion/after-long-honeymoon-criticism-of-cuo
mo-begins-to-mount.html

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo met with state legislative leaders in
March to announce a tentative budget deal. (PHOTOGRAPH BY NATHANIEL BROOKS FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A18)
 Stephanie A. Miner, the mayor of Syracuse, with Gov. Andrew  M. Cuomo in 2012.
She has criticized part of his 2013 budget. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MIKE GROLL/ASSOCIATED
PRESS) (A20)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Letters

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 1445 words


Reform campaign finance to help end corruption

Regarding the arrest last week of Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich on federal
corruption charges: Because of the extremely high costs of running for public
office, plus the fact that the candidate who spends the most money usually wins,
it is obvious that politicians trading favors for money is a natural by-product
of the system. I suspect that if every politician who accepted "quid pro quo"
for money were put in prison, there would be very few politicians left in
office.

Until a better system is found to offset the high cost of running for office,
Americans will have to live with quid pro quo for money as an inherent evil of
our system. If Americans want a better system, it could be done - for example,
by limiting the amount of TV and radio commercials.

Dan Fischer | Lake Saint LouisDefining a good man

The editorial "Betrayal" (Dec. 10), about the arrest of Illinois Gov. Rod
Blagojevich on federal corruption charges, was not exactly stunning (almost
every newspaper editorial was the same), but one section keeps coming back to
mind. Referring to Mr. Blagojevich as "a good man brought down by his own pride"
is quite a stretch. The charges and all of the news stories show evidence to the
contrary. He may have supported the paper's editorial positions on health care
coverage, but that does not make him "a good man."

Richard Buckley | Manchester

Recreation on the river

The St. Louis riverfront thrived long after the last packet left the levee for
Alton or Ste. Genevieve and prior to the opening of the Arch to tourists in the
summer of 1967. During that hot St. Louis summer, the Jefferson National
Expansion Memorial's natural environment consisted of grass and two lakes. The
only attraction below was a long wait, at times hours, for the trip to the top
of the Gateway to the West.

The savior was the levee. The Goldenrod Showboat, which brought thousands of
people to the Annual National Ragtime and Traditional Jazz Festival, was not
able to survive its flight to the Missouri River levee in St. Charles. The River
Queen was an elegant yet affordable restaurant, with ambiance only a location on
the river could provide. The Mississippi claimed it. So, too, was the fate of
The Saint Louis Yacht Club, moored with the stern regally protruding into the
river.

Perhaps the last chapter is being written with the public auction of the Lt.
Robert E. Lee, now moored in the area for which it was built in 1966. It was a
great dining and entertainment venue, moored just below the south leg of the
Arch.

Between 1900 and 2000, these and many other attractions thrived on the St. Louis
levee. Beyond being visitor destinations, they were civic assets. Perhaps new
"islands" can come to the levee and give the Gateway Riverboat Cruises, the last
bastion preserving this rich tradition, some much-needed company.

Roy B. Gillyon | St. LouisTransit timing

Hanley Road will be shut down on Dec. 29 for eight months. That's a major
north-south thoroughfare into Clayton. Hey, wait a minute! I know something that
provides efficient transit service to Clayton, Washington University, Forest
Park and the Barnes-Jewish Hospital complex. That's right: MetroLink!

But St. Louis County voters recently decided that the whole St. Louis area
should take a hike in fares and cut in service at a very inopportune time.

Dan Shelton | Maplewood

Voting with their feet

The editorial "Attendance required" (Dec. 8) mentioned a few numbers about the
St. Louis Public Schools. Since 2001, the enrollment has declined from 42,000 to
25,000, which represents a 40 percent decrease. According to U.S. Census
figures, St. Louis has about 350,000 residents. About 19 percent of those
residents are school-aged children, ranging from 5 to 18 years old. That means
there are about 66,500 children in the city, and the St. Louis Public schools
educates only 37 percent of them.

Where have all the children gone? To St. Louis County schools, private schools,
charter schools, religious schools and home schools. The people are voting with
their feet. Perhaps the solution to the problems of the St. Louis Public Schools
district is to not have one.

Craig Niehaus | Glendale

Diploma for driving

The shameful high school dropout rates reported in "Dropout level spikes to 22
percent" (Dec. 9) should be an alarm for our state legislators. It is time for
them to consider a state law that would mandate a high school diploma for anyone
to obtain and retain a driver's license in Missouri.

A driver's license is a privilege, not a right. As our state continues to
hemorrhage jobs, it's time to get tough and not allow our children in any school
district to give up for any reason.

Bunnie Gronborg | Festus

Debt transfer

Regarding the editorial "Academic fraud" (Dec. 9): The consequences of the
college tuition problem in America are myriad, detailed and baffling. The causes
are not. Privately endowed universities, including my alma mater, Washington
University in St. Louis, have no institutional concern for the debt with which
students graduate.

Washington University ostensibly is a charitable organization. Its endowment
prior to June was 10 figures. Modestly invested, that amount would produce about
$300 million dollars annually. Other than the prestige of having a high price
tag and a skyrocketing endowment, there is no reason the university must charge
what it does. It could provide education for less than half of what it does.

But educating students is not high on the list for major private universities.
Research, garnering praise and advancing up U.S. News and World Report's
rankings are far more important. Ask any faculty member about Washington
University's ranking compared with Northwestern's, and you'll get an icy stare.

But private universities are only half the problem. The other half is state and
federal student loan programs. They, too, have no concern for students' debt
load. Who can blame universities for accepting money freely funneled, through
students, from the government? As long as that source of money is there, the
debt transfer will rise. The government transfers its debt to recipients of
higher education via amortized payment plans.

The reason that university education is so expensive is simple: We have not yet
reached the point where people refuse to pay it.

T. Eugene Day | St. LouisCash cow

The editorial "Academic fraud" (Dec. 9) says, "Why the staggering costs to get a
college education? That's the most flabbergasting part of the report: No one
claims to know." The truth is that no one cares to admit why college costs are
skyrocketing.

I'm retired from higher education, having served as a professor and department
chair at a state university. The reason for the out-of-control costs is obvious:
It's the federal government. Whenever the government gets involved in anything,
be it education or medical care, costs increase significantly. The government
serves as a cash cow to colleges, universities and diploma mills. College
administrators know they can jack up fees and tuition and the federal government
will come through, freeing up money for more buildings and other frivolous
undertakings.

Of course, students and families continue to bear the brunt of this. As anyone
knows, prudent financial planning is not how the government operates. Poor
planning and cost overruns are part of doing business and wasting taxpayer
money. Until strict controls and limits on government spending for higher
education are implemented, look for costs to continue to soar.

Jim Pullen | St. LouisHungry? Eat your import

The biggest problem with the economy, besides the derivatives and mortgage swaps
in the financial sector, is the loss of manufacturing in this country.
Economists have written that a successful and thriving economy in a community
means that the dollar spent in that community circulates an average of six times
before it leaves the community.

In this respect, substitute country for community. Whenever a product is
purchased from a foreign manufacturer, that dollar of profit leaves the country
before it has circulated enough times to allow the country to thrive. In years
past, when construction would slow, manufacturing was there to "cushion" the
blow. When manufacturing would slow, construction was there. Unfortunately, the
greedy companies have outsourced most of our manufacturing base, and there is
nothing left as a backup.

Until we start imposing reasonable tariffs on imports from countries where the
wage scale is extremely disproportionate to ours, the spiral will continue.

It reminds me of a bumper sticker I saw years ago that read: "Hungry? Out of
work? Eat your import"

Joe Varda | Troy, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FIFA DECLARES CRISIS OVER

BYLINE: From local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. E-7

LENGTH: 444 words


FIFA's corruption crisis was declared to be over by President Gianni Infantino
as the scandal-battered governing body broke new ground by appointing a
Senegalese United Nations official as its first female and first non-European
secretary general.

Fatma Samoura has no experience working in sports but Infantino hopes that will
help it try to regain the trust and credibility of the world after far-reaching
corruption, bribery and financial misconduct.

"Nobody can change the past but I can shape the future," Infantino told his
first FIFA Congress as president since succeeding the banned Sepp Blatter. "FIFA
is back on track. So I can officially inform you here, the crisis is over."

The organization also swelled to 211 members after Gibraltar and Kosovo were
admitted. MORE SOCCER

Alvaro Saborio and Patrick Nyarko scored first-half goals and D.C. United beat
the visiting New York Red Bulls, 2-0, in MLS action. COLLEGE FOOTBALL

Georgia defensive end Chauncey Rivers was dismissed from school after his third
arrest on marijuana charges. The dismissal was automatic based on the school's
student-athlete drug policy for a third arrest. DeKalb County jail records show
Rivers was arrested Wednesday and released Thursday on four charges, including a
felony violation of Georgia's controlled substance act. TENNIS

Top-seeded Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal of Spain, 7-5, 7-6 (4), in the
Italian Open quarterfinals in Rome. Djokovic next will face sixth-seeded Kei
Nishikori, who beat Austrian Dominic Thiem, 6-3, 7-5. Second-seeded Andy Murray
also advanced after beating Belgian David Goffin, 6-1, 7-5. On the women's side,
top-seeded Serena Williams routed No. 9 Svetlana Kuznetsova, 6-2, 6-0, and will
play Irina-Camelia Begu of Romania, who defeated Misaki Doi of Japan, 6-2, 7-6
(3). No. 3-seeded Garbine Muguruza beat 11th-seeded Timea Bacsinszky, 7-5, 6-2,
and will meet American Madison Keys, who eliminated Barbora Strycova of the
Czech Republic, 6-4, 4-6, 6-3. SWIMMING

U.S. Olympic gold medalist Ryan Lochte dominated the 400-meter individual medley
at the Arena Pro Swim Series Charlotte in Charlotte, N.C. Lochte led from start
to finish in winning the final in 4:16.92.

* In her final meet before the U.S. Olympic trials, Katie Ledecky cruised to
victory in the 200-meter freestyle at the Atlanta Classic. Ledecky, 19, touched
in 1:54.82. HARNESS RACING

The Meadows Racetrack & Casino doubled ? to $10,000 ? the total-pool guarantee
for its Pick 4 wager today as part of the United States Trotting Association's
Strategic Wagering Initiative. The Meadows sweetened the pot when the Pick 4
from Wednesday was uncovered, resulting in a carryover of $2,861.79.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 30, 2009 Friday

Blagojevich ousted as governor;
Despite his 11th-hour plea, Illinois senators convict Democrat of abuse of power

BYLINE: PAUL KORING

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; U.S. POLITICS: DAY OF RECKONING; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 579 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Illinois senators unanimously rejected the impassioned, last-ditch pleadings of
Rod Blagojevich yesterday, convicted him of abuse of power, removed him as
Illinois governor effective immediately and, in a second vote, banned him from
ever holding public office in the state.

"I have done absolutely nothing wrong," said Mr. Blagojevich, who was arrested
at dawn last month, accused by a special prosecutor of trying to auction off the
U.S. Senate seat left empty by the election of Barack Obama as President of the
United States.

In a sometimes-rambling 47-minute speech, Mr. Blagojevich failed to sway
Illinois state senators. He simply ignored most of the accusations of political
corruption and made no mention of allegations that he had tried to sell Mr.
Obama's seat.

"Those are the words and deeds of a devious, cynical, crass and corrupt
politician, and someone from whom the people of this state must be protected,"
said Senator Dale Righter, a Republican.

Democrats also deserted him.

The governor's plea "at its core, is dishonest," said Senator William Haine, one
of a string of Democrats who denounced the son of a Serbian immigrant who said
his rise to the governorship of the fifth-largest state was the stuff of
American dreams. "We must find him unfit for this great office."

Pat Quinn, who had been serving as Illinois lieutenant-governor, was later sworn
in as the state's 41st governor.

Yesterday's bit of political theatre in Springfield, the state capital, was the
anticlimax in a drama on the fringes of the Obama media circus.

Secretly taped conversations showed Mr. Blagojevich fuming about the
unwillingness of Mr. Obama's inner circle to pay to get their preferred
candidate named to the vacant Illinois seat.

"They're not willing to give me anything but appreciation. Fuck them," Mr.
Blagojevich was recorded as saying to one of his aides, apparently after
conversations with Rahm Emanuel, the Illinois congressman selected by Mr. Obama
to be his White House chief of staff.

Mr. Blagojevich, 52, boycotted the first three days of his trial.

Yesterday, he denounced the process, saying he was barred from calling witnesses
who could clear him.

While the governor ignored the "pay to play" accusations against him, he spoke
at length in a strident defence of his efforts to import cheap drugs from Canada
for Illinois seniors.

"The idea came not from me, but from then-congressman Rahm Emanuel," he claimed.
"If you're impeaching me on providing safe and affordable prescription drugs by
going to Canada, then the governor of Wisconsin ought to be impeached, the
governor of Kansas ought to be impeached, the governor of Vermont ought to be
impeached.

"And while we're at it, let's go reach right into the United States Senate and
let's expel John McCain and Ted Kennedy, because I worked with them on this
issue of the reimportation of prescription drugs, and then let's not stop there.

"Let's demand that President Obama fire Rahm Emanuel, because Rahm Emanuel was
the one who gave me this idea. If you're going to throw me out of office for
something like this, then how can those guys stay in the offices that they
have?"

At times, Mr. Blagojevich rambled. "I cannot possibly admit to something I
didn't do," he said.

"And it's not about me as much as it is about not shaming my daughters so that
their dad, they might think, may have done some things that he didn't do and
allowing them to have this feeling that I let them down."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             April 25, 2010 Sunday

Economist exits US leaving trail of unanswered questions

BYLINE: Irene Jay Liu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 534 words


In a 1996 paper called the "simplistic general equilibrium theory of corruption
", economist Steven Cheung Ng-sheong argued that "the only effective way of
getting rid of corruption is to get rid of the controls and regulations that
give rise to corruption opportunities" because those very rules were created by
policymakers to facilitate corruption. "It is no use to put a beautiful woman in
my bedroom, naked, and ask me not to be aroused," he explained.

And in a subsequent paper, Cheung compared the taxation systems of Hong Kong and
the US, concluding that even though the US taxation system was complicated,  in
reality the US tax rate was lower than Hong Kong's.

"Assuming a person who earns HK$100,000 a month, (US$12,900, could be classified
in the higher middle class), it only took him one to two weeks to file the tax
return in Hong Kong as not many receipts are required ... But in the US, only
reading the personal income tax return form will give you headache and thus
whoever has monthly income of US$12,900 will have to find an accountant to
compile it," Cheung wrote in 1999.

The headache would surely come -  in 2003, when US authorities indicted Cheung
and his wife Linda on charges of tax evasion and fraud. American authorities
alleged that they owned and profited from a multimillion-dollar car park
business in Hong Kong, but hid their stakes in the business through a web of
corporations across the globe in an effort to avoid US taxes. The companies
included West Coast International in Hong Kong and Celinal, based in the British
Virgin Islands. According to a 2008 company tax filing in Hong Kong, West Coast
International is owned by Cheung's wife and Celinal. Cheung's wife holds one
share, while Celinal owns 4,999,999 shares. In its 2003 indictment, US tax
authorities said Cheung was the listed owner of Celinal. The company's name is
formed from the names of Cheung's wife and two children, Cecile and Ronald.

With 13 tax evasion charges against him, Cheung faces up to 83 years in prison
and US$4.75 million in fines if convicted. His wife was charged with one count
of conspiracy, punishable by up to five years' jail and a US$250,000 fine.

Shortly after the indictment in January 2003, the Cheungs  sidestepped
extradition from Hong Kong  by saying they would fly to Seattle for the trial.
But just three days before the February 20 court day, they  released a statement
saying they would not go. "We believe we will not be able to get a fair trial
and that further conspiracies of one kind or another will likely continue to
crop up to hurt us," their statement said.

On Febrary 20, a federal judge issued arrest warrants for them but they had
already fled to the mainland.

Five days later, Washington state  filed consumer fraud charges against the
Cheungs as owners of Thesaurus Fine Arts, a defunct Seattle store known to sell
fake Asian antiquities. The case was eventually settled - the gallery agreed to
reimburse customers and pay US$350,000 in fines and lawyers' fees and the
Cheungs' names were removed from the case.

Hefty penalties

With 13 US tax evasion charges against him, Cheung faces up to 83 years in
prison and a fine, in millions of US dollars, of: $4.75m

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Next Solomons Government Must Weed Out Corruption: Ex-Ombudsman

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The new government formed after the November 19 national general election has a
huge big task of weeding out corruption in both the political level and private
sector.

Former ombudsman and private lawyer John Smith Pitabelama uttered the statement
on Monday.

He said corruption is becoming endemic in every sectors. There this can only be
addressed if the public is working together with the responsible institutions in
the country.

"I call on every citizens of this country to report corruption activities to
relevant authorities particularly to the police."

Pitabelema also appealed to the new Police Commissioner to engage more in
improving the Police Corruption Unit within the Royal Solomon Islands Police
Force (RSIPF).

"This corruption unit needs proper resources to ensure they carry out their work
effectively and efficiently."

He stressed MPs should understand that whatever assistance to their constituents
should not be for their own pockets but for the rural populace.

"I call on every voter that if any MP wants their assistance back, such as solar
panels, out board motor, report it to the police it's a criminal act according
to the law.

"Election is just around the corner and in Solomon Islands politics most voters
prefer buying votes to find their ends meet.

"It's an illegal practise and must be stopped because these type MPs their
ambition is to get into parliament and once it is done they ignore their
constituents."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 19, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Koch on Accountability, Corruption and Judgment

SECTION: Section 4; Page 6, Column 3; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1030 words


EIGHTEEN months after they began, New York City's corruption scandals continue.

Anthony R. Ameruso, New York's top-ranking transportation official from 1977
until his resignation last year, was convicted on Friday of perjury. Earlier in
the week, Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, the former deputy director of the Parking
Violations Bureau, was sentenced to two years in Federal prison.

Mr. Lindenauer, who had pleaded guilty to racketeering and mail fraud, provided
testimony last year that led to the convictions of Stanley M. Friedman, the
former Bronx Democratic leader, and three others for soliciting or receiving
bribes from businessmen seeking contracts with the parking bureau. Mr.
Lindenauer's testimony placed himself and Donald R. Manes, the former Queens
Borough President who killed himself in March 1986, at the center of an
extortion scheme that yielded more than $500,000.

The former president of the city's Health and Hospitals Corporation, John J.
McLaughlin, was convicted of mishandling a law client's account. Jay L. Turoff,
the former chairman of the Taxi and Limousine Commission, was found guilty of
tax evasion. He still faces Federal and state charges that he used his office to
benefit two taxi-fleet operators.

Final judgments as to the extent of the corruption will have to await the
results of investigations still in progress. They range from inquiries into the
awarding of cable television contracts to an investigation into allegations that
Bess Myerson, the former Cultural Affairs Commissioner, tried to influence a
judge by giving the judge's daughter a city job.

In recent months, however, the Mayor has begun to suggest - in part because Mr.
Turoff and Mr. McLaughlin were acquitted of charges that they misused their
offices - that the scandals in his administration were not as widespread as his
critics maintain. Alan Finder and Bruce Lambert, members of The Times's City
Hall bureau, interviewed Mr. Koch on this point last week. Excerpts follow.

                                      ----

Question. How systemic has corruption turned out to be in the city government?

Answer. Corruption in this government is not systemic. . . . ''Systemic and
pervasive'' means that in order to get business done you have to engage in
bribes and deal with corrupt people. . . . The only real corruption in [that]
sense was the Parking Violations Bureau, and that was the corruption of four
people. All the others . . . were peripheral and not related in any direct
manner with their duties: Jay McLaughlin, stealing from a client, of a personal
nature; Jay Turoff, having not declared his interest on his income tax . . .

Bess Myerson's . . . was a corrupt act of a very personal nature . . . relating
to her relationship with her lover and his divorce. . . . Victor Botnick failed
to list honestly the fact that he hadn't graduated from college. Terrible.
Terrible. But not earthshaking, and having nothing to do with his duties as
chairman of the H.H.C. . . .

Q. What about the Housing Authority? Dozens of superintendents and suppliers
have been indicted on charges involving millions of dollars in payoffs.

A. It happens that every single year, every agency that has inspectors is going
to have dozens and dozens - if not every year, every other year - of inspectors
that are picked up because they are stupid in giving in to the venality of
taking $10 or $100 or something comparable to that. . . .

I don't believe that you can say that the New York City Housing Authority is a
corrupt agency where corruption is pervasive and endemic. . . . If you're saying
to me that in that agency there are corrupt people, you bet - as exist in every
agency in the country whether it's in the public sector or in the private
sector.

Q. Three county political leaders have thus far been accused of wrongdoing. So
have two borough presidents, Commissioners Ameruso, Turoff and Myerson and many
others. Since you are the top elected official in the city, isn't it inevitable
that you will be held accountable?

A. When you go through these particular characters . . . I'd say that most of
them have nothing to do with me. . . .

Stanley Friedman, Donald Manes, were independently elected. . . . Stanley
Friedman . . . was considered to be very, very smart. Nobody ever suggested to
me that he was a crook. . . . Am I to be held responsible for him? . . .

State legislators? The courts? That's my responsibility? . . . It may be
inevitable, but it may not be fair.  Q. You often talk of how important it was,
when you became Mayor in 1978, for you to forge an alliance with the city's
political leaders to save the city from bankruptcy. Didn't you also benefit
personally from the support of the county leaders when you ran for re-election
in 1981 and 1985?

A. I guess in any social situation, but maybe more so in politics, you have
hundreds of friends, but I would never refer to [Stanley Friedman] as a close
friend of mine. Now, we had a political relationship, he's a county leader in
the Bronx . . . of course I'm going to have a relationship with him. And when
you wanted to get members of the City Council or the State Legislature or even
the Congress who might respond to his calls . . . you'd call him. . . .

What I have said from the very beginning to the political leaders is ''Listen,
we're going to change the relationship. . . . Some former mayors, you came in
the back door and you got judgeships and you got jobs. We don't give jobs and we
don't give judgeships, but you'll always be able to come into the front door of
City Hall.

Q. How would you assess the effect of the scandals on your administration?

A. Well, there are two impacts. One is the personal pain. . . .

In terms of the functioning of government it has not had an impact. . . .

If you consider what we've come through, we've come through agony for 18 months,
it's almost like every day, and there's nothing I can do about it. I mean it's
the acts of others . . . that would constantly be roiled and dramatized in the
newspapers time after time after time. . . . I think it's amazing that I'm doing
as well as I'm doing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Mayor Ed Koch (NYT/Neal Boenzi)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 18, 2006 Tuesday

National dispatches

SECTION: WORLD; National

LENGTH: 759 words


ILLINOIS' GEORGE RYAN
Ex-governor guilty of corruption
CHICAGO -- Former Gov. George Ryan was convicted of corruption in the scandal
that ended his political career in 2003 at the same time he was winning
international acclaim for commuting the sentences of everyone on Illinois' death
row.

Ryan, 72, vowed to appeal.

The Republican was convicted of steering state contracts and leases, including a
$25 million IBM computer deal, to political insiders while he was Illinois
secretary of state in the 1990s and then governor for one term. In return, he
got vacations in Jamaica, Cancun and Palm Springs, and gifts ranging from a golf
bag to $145,000 in loans to his brother's floundering business.

The jury in the state's biggest corruption trial in decades found Ryan guilty on
all counts, including fraud, lying to the FBI and racketeering conspiracy, which
alone could bring 20 years in prison at sentencing Aug. 4.

His co-defendant, Chicago businessman Larry Warner, 67, was convicted of
racketeering conspiracy, fraud, attempted extortion, and money laundering.

$2.5 MILLION
Transit union hit with fine
NEW YORK -- A judge fined the city transit union $2.5 million for the illegal
strike that brought buses and subways to a standstill for three days just before
Christmas.

Judge Theodore Jones of state Supreme Court in Brooklyn also ruled that
Transport Workers Union Local 100's automatic dues collection would be suspended
indefinitely. The 33,000-member union can reapply for automatic collection after
90 days.

State law prohibits public employees from striking.

The judge also fined two smaller transit unions in Staten Island and Queens in
connection with the walkout. He gave all the unions 30 days to pay but said they
could apply for payment schedules.

VICTIM WAS 10 YEARS OLD
Man arraigned in girl's killing
PURCELL, Okla. -- A grocery store stocker was arraigned on first-degree murder
charges in the killing of a 10-year-old girl in what authorities said was an
elaborate plan to eat human flesh.

McClain County Judge Gary D. Barger entered a not guilty plea for Kevin Ray
Underwood, 26.

Authorities believe Underwood killed Jamie Rose Bolin last week at his apartment
after she disappeared after going to a library.

Police Chief David Tompkins said investigators believe Underwood sexually
assaulted Jamie after he killed her and planned to eat the corpse.

SAN FRANCISCO QUAKE
Survivors, residents remember
SAN FRANCISCO -- Sirens wailed through the city before dawn today as residents
marked the moment 100 years earlier when the Great Quake struck, shattering the
city and touching off fires that burned for days.

A handful of centenarians who survived that devastation were joined by hundreds
of residents for a moment of silence and a memorial ceremony to remember one of
the worst natural disasters in U.S. history.

Most of the city's 400,000 residents were still in bed when the magnitude-7.8
earthquake struck at 5:12 a.m. on April 18, 1906.

Historians say city officials, eager to bring people and commerce back to the
city, radically underestimated the death toll. Researchers are still trying to
settle on a number, but reliable estimates put the loss above 3,000, and
possibly as high as 6,000.

According to a study released yesterday, a repeat of that 1906 temblor would
cause 1,800 to 3,400 deaths, damage more than 90,000 buildings, displace as many
as 250,000 households and result in $150 billion in damage.

Communities up and down the San Andreas fault planned to commemorate the
earthquake today. In Santa Rosa, where 119 of the 7,500 citizens were killed,
119 volunteers dressed in vintage garb would walk by candlelight behind a
horse-drawn hearse to the cemetery where 15 earthquake victims were buried in a
mass grave.

San Jose, which was also hard-hit, has staged a geology exhibit called "It's Our
Fault, Too." At the Exploratorium science museum in San Francisco, an artist
sculpted a quivering San Francisco neighborhood in Jell-O.

Historians generally agree on one point: that San Francisco will fall again in a
future quake. But they disagree over whether people should love the city or
leave it.

Philip L. Fradkin, author of "The Great Earthquake And Firestorms Of 1906: How
San Francisco Nearly Destroyed Itself," has chosen to make the Bay Area his home
in spite of the threat.

Fradkin lives in Point Reyes Station, north of San Francisco. The San Andreas
Fault, source of the magnitude-7.8 temblor, runs close by.

"San Francisco fell, and it will fall again," Fradkin said. "And if we can't
deal with the realities of history, we're lost."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                     July 10, 2001 Tuesday Ontario Edition

What The World Is Saying About Olympic Bids

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 360 words

While human rights concerns have topped the agenda of international opposition
to Beijing's Olympic bid, within the country worries about economic growth,
corruption and a touch of regional sour grapes have undermined support. "Why
can't the games be held in Shanghai? It's not necessary for Beijing to spend
such a huge amount of money in order to win the Games," groused Pan Feng, an
office worker in the port city on China's east coast. The historic rivalry
between Beijing and Shanghai mirrors the jostling between New York and Los
Angeles.

Agence France-Presse

Most IOC members - as well as many human rights groups and some Bush
administration officials - think that awarding the Games to Beijing is not a
reward but an incentive for China to expand human rights. Over the next 7 years,
China's behaviour ... will be examined in the glare of the Olympic movement.
Moreover, the argument goes, a country that has changed dramatically over the
last two decades will yield to even liberalization after exposure to an invasion
by athletes, media and tourists from around the globe.

USA TODAY

Juan Antonio Samaranch, the outgoing president of the IOC, is said to favour
Beijing as he clings to the hope of a Nobel Peace Prize. Nothing is guaranteed,
however, and the front-runner does not always win in the secret-ballot voting by
the IOC, noted John MacAloon, an Olympic historian

from the University of Chicago. A number of new, ostensibly more independent,
delegates have been named to the IOC in the wake of the bribery scandal
involving Salt Lake City, the host of the 2002 Winter Games.

The New York Times

"New Beijing, Great Olympics" is the slogan entrancing the International Olympic
Committee. If the IOC boss, Juan Antonio Samaranch, prevails, Beijing will be
the site of the 2008 Games. Thus will the IOC's financial corruption find its
soulmate in China's savage political corruption. The world of sport is poised to
condone the regime's imprisonment of U.S. citizens and residents, encourage its
crackdown on dissidents and reward the torture and murder of more than 220
peaceful Falun Gong adherents.

The New York Times


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Lawyers invoke "[#x2dc]Kane doctrine'

BYLINE: by BRAD BUMSTED

LENGTH: 744 words


HARRISBURG "" Defense lawyers in a turnpike corruption case on Tuesday tried to
turn Attorney General Kathleen Kane's reason for aborting a legislative
corruption probe against her.

The defense attorneys argued prosecutors presented no evidence that top turnpike
executives performed any official act in exchange for gifts.

"The ethics commission has repeatedly held that acceptance of a gift is not
unlawful," said William Fetterhoff, lawyer for former turnpike Chief Operating
Officer George Hatalowich, charged with bid-rigging, bribery, corrupt
organizations and conspiracy. "The gift by itself is not a violation of the
law."

Kane last month defended a decision to drop an investigation against four
Philadelphia lawmakers and a judge "" who received cash and jewelry from a
lobbyist-turned-informant "" in part because she said the lawmakers performed no
official act in return for the gifts.

A lobbyist facing fraud charges, Tyron B. Ali, recorded conversations for state
prosecutors with the public officials over three years while wearing a body
wire. Kane cited potential racial profiling, lack of adequate supervision and no
apparent underlying suspicion for offering bribes as reasons for dropping the
case.

The decision by Kane, the first Democrat elected to the office, sparked a
political furor.

The reasoning may be used as part of a defense motion to throw out the turnpike
charges, said Mark Sheppard, attorney for Jeffrey Suzenski of Pottstown, a
turnpike vendor charged with restricted activities.

Kane spokesman J.J. Abbott called the comparison "apples and oranges."

"An 85-page grand jury presentment detailed an elaborate scheme by the
defendants to enrich themselves and their campaigns in exchange for turnpike
business," Abbott said. "These arguments by the defense are a desperate attempt
to distract from the alleged crimes of their clients."

Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams has said he may prosecute the case
if Kane steps aside.

Calling her comments the "Kane Doctrine," Scranton attorney Daniel Brier
suggested it is inconsistent for Kane's office to press charges against his
client, former Senate President Pro Tempore Robert Mellow, D-Lackawanna County,
when there is no evidence of Mellow doing anything in return for a PNC Bank
executive who paid for trips and concert tickets.

The executive paid for trips with Mellow to New York Yankees games, a dinner in
his honor in Manhattan and limo rides to events. A former top aide of Mellow's
testified Mellow helped PNC get bond work at the turnpike. His lawyers say the
PNC bank official was a close personal friend, and they took turns paying for
baseball game trips.

"The commonwealth acknowledges it has no quid pro quo evidence against Bob
Mellow," Brier told Dauphin County Judge Richard Lewis.

But Wes Oliver, a Duquesne University law school professor, said Kane had cited
a variety of reasons for not prosecuting. Lack of "quid pro quo" was only one.

It's rare in the first place for a prosecutor to outline why charges weren't
filed, he said.

The lawyers were in court for a hearing on a motion by the turnpike commission
to protect agency data that prosecutors may turn over to defense attorneys,
claiming it contains sensitive and personal information about employees.

Prosecutors claim ex-turnpike employees, the senator and vendors took part in
corrupt events "" such as contract awards and raising campaign money "" as they
received gifts and trips, and were entertained at barbecues and poker games. The
charges range from commercial bribery for some, to conflict of interest.

Former turnpike CEO Joe Brimmeier of Ross, a longtime Democratic operative,
doesn't want the computer data from prosecutors entangled in the turnpike's
legal arguments. Brimmeier wants a trial as soon as possible to clear his name,
attorney William Winning said.

"Joe Brimmeier is an innocent man entitled to a speedy trial where he will be
exonerated," Winning said after the hearing.

Brimmeier is charged with unlawful bid-rigging, corrupt organizations,
commercial bribery and one count of criminal conspiracy.

Seven people face charges, six related to charges under the "pay to play"
scheme.

David Shapiro, lawyer for former chairman Mitchell Rubin of Philadelphia, said
there was no evidence linking fundraising or contributions for certain official
actions.

Brad Bumsted is Trib Total Media's state Capitol reporter. Reach him at
717-787-1405 or bbumsted@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 31, 2011 Monday

Contra Costa Times Jan. 31 Letters from our readers

BYLINE: Letters from our readers Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 746 words


Change possible

In a recent column by Lisa Vorderbrueggen, she wrote, "Federal political
corruption convictions in Contra Costa County are exceedingly rare."

It is certainly not because corruption doesn't exist. History shows that if
people want change, they must bring it about rather than look to a grand jury or
federal agency to save them.

Currently, the residents of Hercules, a city known for its quality of life, are
represented by a corrupt local government that in some aspects rivals that of
the notorious city of Bell. It is imperative these corrupt and/or incompetent
city officials be removed.

Residents must support the recall movement to remove council members Don Kuehne
and Joanne Ward.

Pinole residents understand the importance of community activism. In 2008, a
grass-roots citizens committee recalled the mayor and a council member, later
defeating the recalled mayor's attempt at re-election.

Last November, Richmond voters booted out council members who aligned with
Chevron and a casino developer against the interest of the residents, and
Oakland voters defeated Don Perata, a politician known for questionable
political dealings.

Change is possible provided there are people who are willing to take a stand.
The future of Hercules is at stake.

Charles T. Smith

Richmond

Time for change

I heard President Barack Obama's speech and Paul Ryan's response saying the same
thing, we need change! It felt like Obama wants to work at bipartisanship in a
big way. I liked that he talked about the importance of education starting in
the home and the fact that teachers should be seen as "nation builders."

It makes me feel good he noted many of the big problems that have been the
elephants in the room for years: spending (five-year freeze and cuts on excess
on all areas), Social Security, tax reform.

Many will say he did not give many details, although I don't know that it's the
venue for details, he clearly wants solutions that make sense. Defining what
makes sense might be an issue.

Ryan really hammered it home that our spending is unsustainable, that it needs
to change soon. He didn't offer many specifics, although the commentators said
he has a plan, yet it's unpopular among his own party. He didn't seem as willing
to be bipartisan.

Next year will have some big political ideas coming together. I hope politicians
can work together in the same way that they sat together during the State of the
Union address.

Michael Anderson

Livermore

Misplaced blame

I am writing in response to Eleanor Newman's letter of Jan. 23, in which she
condemns Republicans, the tea party, and Sarah Palin for provoking the Tucson,
Ariz., shooter. Perhaps some facts would be useful.

We have now learned the following about the shooter. He was not registered in
any party. He did not vote in the last election. He did not listen to radio or
television punditry, or read a newspaper. He hates Christianity and giggles at
abortion. He hates George Bush. He burns the flag and is a fan of Adolf Hitler.

None of the above characteristics can be realistically associated with either
the Republicans, the tea party, or Palin. As such, it is not reasonable to
conclude that the shooter would have been familiar with these entities, much
less been moved to action by them.

In fact, not even the remotest nexus has been established between these groups
and the shooter. After two weeks of irresponsible rants like Newman's, however,
there has been a significant spike in death threats to Palin and her children.
Perhaps Newman should consider dialing back her own speech.

Michael Middleton

Concord

Attack on rights

John Bursch believes that the Second Amendment is "no longer realistic" and
calls for it to be repealed so that we can then be "sensible about gun
ownership."

Let's not stop there! Let's repeal the First Amendment as well so that we can
also have some sensible restrictions on the freedom of speech and shut up anyone
we don't agree with!

Then, let's get rid of that pesky Fourth Amendment so that we can give police
and governmental agencies the power to stop and search us and our homes without
due cause or a warrant. That seems "sensible." In fact, all these silly
amendments were written such a long time ago and are outdated so why not get rid
of all of them?

Then we can have all the same freedoms, rights, and protections as the lucky and
"sensible" people in Russia, Cuba, Venezuela, and all the other totalitarian
governments. It seems sensible to me!

Stephen D. Barkley

Walnut Creek

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 16, 1978, Thursday, Final Edition

Prosecutors Seek Wider Powers;
Attorneys Ask Added Powers

BYLINE: By Michael Weisskopf, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Maryland Weekly; Maryland Notebook; Md. 1

LENGTH: 811 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS


Everytime a prominent Maryland politician runs into legal trouble, the news
seems to come out of the U.S. attorney's office in Baltimore.  Federal
prosecution of political corruption cases has become as traditional in Maryland
as crabcakes.

Some mighty big political scalps hang on the belts of federal prosecutors, names
like Spiro T. Agnew, Marvin Mandel, Dale Anderson, Joseph W. Alton Jr., A Gordon
Boone, Jesse Beggett, Thomas F. Johnson, Irvin Kovens, W. Dale Hess and Harry W.
Rodgers III.

The good name of Maryland politicians is not the only casualty of the federal
court juggernaut.  With every successful prosecution by the U.S. attorney, the
state's local prosecutors have come under criticism for not cleaning up their
own houses.

This year, as in the past, Maryland's General Assembly is considering major
reforms of the state's anti-corruption laws.  The proposals are designed to
close loopholes and augment powers of local state's attorneys to prosecute acts
of public venality.

Without changes in present statutes, local prosecutors say, they cannot be
blamed for failing to prosecute public officials.  The criminal laws in Maryland
- unlike more generous federal statutes - discourage investigations of political
corruption, they say.

"We want to do our job and ferret out corruption in Maryland, but we don't have
the tools," Baltimore County State's Attorney Sandra A. O'Connor told a Senate
committee.  "I ask you for the ability to do the job I want to do."

The proposals under consideration by the legislature are designed to correct
three glaring deficiencies of Maryland's anti-corruption laws centering on
statutes of limitation, immunity for witnesses and applicability.

Perhaps the biggest hurdle for state's attorneys is a one-year statute of
limitation for prosecu tion of conflicts of interest, violations of election
laws and misfeasance, malfeasance and nonfeasance in office.

Most prosecutors say a solid political corruption case requires at least three
years to thoroughly analyze a suspect's financial background, interrogate and
line up witnesses, collect corroborating evidence and convince a grand jury to
indict.

A bill under consideration by this session of the legislature would extend the
statute of limitations from one year to three years for political corruption
cases.  The prosecution would have to begin within three years after a crime is
committed.

The second major stumbling block for state prosecutors is the limit place on
immunity for witnesses.  Under present statutes, state's attorneys in Maryland
can only compel witnesses to testify with a grant of immunity in bribery cases.

Without broader powers to grand immunity, local prosecutors say, they cannot
assure vital testimony to seal political corruption cases.  Federal prosecutors
liberally use the tool as part of the theory that "small fish help catch big
fish.

A bill now being drafted for this session would allow state's attorneys to
compel testimony under a grant of immunity for all types of political corruption
.  Before imposing immunity, prosecutors would have to obtain approval from a
court.

The third weakness in Maryland statutes come in the form of a restrictive clause
in state bribery laws making it illegal for a public official to accept fees
"for the purpose of influencing him in the performance of his official duties."

That qualifying phrase rules out state prosecutions of officials who take money
for services unrelated to their "official duties," such as former Del. George J.
Santoni, who was convicted on federal charges of extorting money from
businessmen in exchange for demolition contracts awarded by Baltimore city.

A designed to remedy that flaw would extend the law to crimes committed outside
the realm of one's "official duties." The bill would make it illegal for a
public official to take money "under color or pretense of office."

The sheath of "prosecutor's bills" now before the legislature gives lawmakers a
chance to strengthen the hand of local state's attorneys and a new statewide
prosecutor who has the power to investigate political corruption anywhere in
Maryland.

The office of state prosecutor was set up by a constitutional amendment last
year amid charges that local state's attorneys were dragging their feet on
prosecutions of local officials who often belong to the same political
organizations as the law enforcers.

Among the strongest advocates of the recommended reforms is State Prosecutor
Gerald D. Glass, who finds himself in an ambitious new role with the same
shackles as local state's attorneys.

"We have to develop tools to allow the state to resurrect its dignity," Glass
told a Senate committee.  "If Maryland is to assume its proper role in its own
Maryland is to assume its proper role in its own house cleaning, it has to have
the proper implements."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 18, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Albany Agrees to Curb Corruption

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 510 words


Through the smog of indictments and convictions from New York's corruption
scandal comes a ray of bright news: The state's legislative leaders, deadlocked
last year over a major new ethics law, now have agreed to pass one. Senate
Republicans, once content to do nothing on the theory that the scandal belonged
only to New York City, acknowledge that Albany must participate in the cure. The
bill makes a good start.

It comes none too soon. The indictment of former Democratic chieftain Meade
Esposito extends the pursuit of corruption from Queens and the Bronx to the
Brooklyn Democratic organization. The charges against Representative Mario
Biaggi reach out to New York's Congressional delegation. While the state bill
does not directly address their case, which alleges bribery to speed up payments
on a Federal contract, it would advance the effort to curb corruption at the
state level.

              $ ?                     *  *  *

The bill would prevent state legislators from representing legal clients before
state regulatory agencies. For too long New York has tolerated what Congress,
well aware of the power of legislators to intimidate executive officials, has
outlawed in Federal agencies. The bill also would require high state officials,
including legislators, to make detailed financial disclosure.

But the bill has shortcomings. It needs to put city agencies off limits to the
same lawyer-legislators. And it permits a legislator's law partner to appear
before the state agencies, provided the law firm isolates the earnings from such
cases and reduces the legislator's share accordingly. Such a device might be
abused and ought to be monitored carefully. The bill also fails to include party
leaders in the category of politicians obliged to report their outside earnings.
Nor would the bill bar these politicians from appearing before state agencies.

The agency cases, furthermore, are only one arena of corruption. The Legislature
has yet to address the state's meaningless ceilings on campaign financing. Nor
do the legislators show interest at this time in removing judicial selection
from the control of party bosses who dictate which candidates go on the ballot.

Most important, some legislators balk at full financing for the new State
Commission on Government Integrity, headed by Joseph Califano. They even argue
that the new ethics bill renders the commission superfluous. They're wrong. The
issue deserves the rigorous, searching probe that only an independent commission
could conduct.

Mr. Califano will not be permitted to investigate the Legislature as a body, but
some legislators in Albany seem to fear that he will discover excessive
political meddling in the agencies. That nervousness tends to vindicate Governor
Cuomo's creation of the commission and his modest $5 million budget request.

The Legislature would undermine its efforts to combat corruption were it to use
the ethics bill as an excuse to kill the commission while declaring victory over
corruption.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Roundup of Afghan press commentaries 28 Jan-3 Feb 16

LENGTH: 1484 words


The following is a summary of Afghan press commentaries available to BBC
Monitoring between 28 January and 3 February 2016.

Security and US presence

The US oversight body, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan
Reconstruction (SIGAR), has warned that the Afghan government is losing its grip
on security with about 30 per cent of land now in the Taleban's control. Gen
John Nicholson, who is going to take over as the new US and allied forces
commander in Afghanistan, has also commented on the deteriorating security
situation in Afghanistan.  Meanwhile, the USA has said it will try to stay in
Afghanistan for years to fight terrorism and help train the Afghan security
forces.

State-run Anis believes the comments by US officials on the security situation
in Afghanistan are exaggerated and will damage the peace process:

"Political commentators say that the recent comments by American officials with
regard to the situation in Afghanistan and their exaggeration about the areas
controlled by the Taleban are misleading and contrary to the agreements signed
between the two countries. They say that these comments will have a negative
impact on the peace process and will sabotage it." (1 February)

Arman-e Melli, close to the National Union of Journalists, urges the USA to be
cautious about saying anything that might worsen the security situation and says
it should show its support for the Afghan government:

"The US media have also reported that the situation will further deteriorate [in
Afghanistan next year].... Therefore, if America does not want this country to
turn into a sanctuary of the Taleban, Da'ish [self-styled Islamic State] group
and terrorists again, it should side with the Afghan government...If this issue
is not taken seriously, not only Afghanistan, but the West will also suffer a
great deal." (1 February)

State-run Hewad stresses how important the USA's support is to Afghanistan:

"Afghans need the USA's long-term help in different areas, especially in the
military field... The people and government of Afghanistan know that they cannot
find an alternative to the USA's friendship in the world and that Afghanistan
has signed long-term security and defence agreements with the USA for strategic
relations and military help and cooperation." (30 January)

Private Weesa says the security agreement with the USA has not provided the
Afghans with any actual security or certainties:

"The security agreement was signed, but one and a half years afterwards, a game
is being played now about withdrawing or not withdrawing, an increase or
decrease in the number of American forces... The people of Afghanistan are
waiting to see an end to this damned drama. We should have clear definitions of
our friends and foes, and our relations, commitments and agreements should be
made based on these definitions." (30 January)

Private Sarnawesht believes the USA is deliberately trying to paint a bad
picture of the Afghan security situation and is even predicting it will worsen
for its own goals:

"One of the reasons behind these remarks is that they want to increase their
military and intelligence activities in Afghanistan... The Americans are trying
to frighten the Afghan people with a black future... People know the US is
deliberately creating insecurity in Afghanistan. People know the Da'ish [Islamic
State group] is a project by the US and that country is fully supporting it."

However, the Afghans have grown wise to the USA's intentions and pay no heed to
the remarks, the paper says:

"But, now, Afghans are not in 2001 and 2002, now they know that the conflict in
Afghanistan is in the interest of the US and is led by that country. Therefore,
Afghans consider remarks by US officials as meaningless." (31 January)

Private Daily Afghanistan says the warnings about the security situation are an
indication of the government's failure to protect its people:

"Security officials even today are warning that the coming year will be the
toughest year for Afghanistan... These warnings indicate that the government has
failed to defeat the [armed] opponents this year... These warnings portray the
government's irresponsibility and incompetence... the government is not doing
enough to protect the people."

It says the consequence is that people are forced to leave the country:

"Therefore, the people have only one option and that is to leave the country and
take refuge in other countries, which is also a risky and dangerous option." (1
February)

Afghanistan joins US-led anti-ISIS coalition

The USA has welcomed the Afghan government's decision to join the US-led
coalition against the Islamic State group.

Hewad calls for practical steps to fight the Islamic State group as, it says,
the forming of coalitions is not enough:

"Afghanistan has joined the US-led anti-Dai'sh coalition in Rome [conference in
Rome]... The US secretary of state has warmly welcomed Afghanistan's decision to
join the coalition... In fact, Afghanistan is supporting any regional or
international coalition aimed at defeating terrorism and Da'ish... However, the
so-called coalitions alone cannot be effective; there is a dire need to take
practical steps to suppress this phenomenon." (3 February)

Weesa sees the development as an acknowledgement that Afghanistan will be a site
for the battle with the Islamic State group:

"It is strange that, on behalf of our officials, US Secretary of State John
Kerry made this announcement yesterday in Rome.... The Da'ish group [Islamic
State group] in Afghanistan is no longer a myth, but a reality... Today, as
Afghanistan officially becomes a member of the anti-Da'ish coalition,
Afghanistan territory has been approved as the battlefield of this notorious
war." (3 February)

Afghan migrants

The Ministry of Refugees and Returnees said on 2 February it would not sign any
memorandum of understanding with any country on forcibly deporting Afghan
refugees who had been refused asylum.

Daily Afghanistan fears the deportation of migrants will help strengthen
insurgent groups in the country as deportees will be susceptible to joining such
groups on their return:

"With regard to Afghan migrants, it is clear that these people left their
homeland due to the deteriorating security situation, to reach their destination
at the cost of their lives and property; therefore their deportation will
increase the number of terrorist groups and will cause unexpected problems for
the Afghan government and the international community." (3 February)

Arman-e Melli says in its editorial "Do not rub salt into the wounds of
migrants" that the Afghan government has to stop the deportation of migrants
from Europe:

"Afghanistan should take the migration crisis in Europe and the issue of Afghan
migrants seriously... These are the calamities that the Afghan government,
particularly the Ministry of Refugees and Returnees should think carefully about
... The government should not allow the European countries to deport Afghan
migrants. (3 February)

Corruption

In a Transparency International corruption perception index, Afghanistan has
been ranked the third most corrupt country in the world after Somalia and North
Korea.

Independent Hasht-e Sobh says corruption is part of the political culture in
Afghanistan and believes the situation will only get worse unless there is a
serious political determination to fight it:

"Afghanistan ranked third in administrative corruption. After Somalia and North
Korea, our country is the most corrupt country in the world. This indicates that
administrative and financial corruption is part of general and political culture
in Afghanistan... Afghanistan's position will go up in the list of the most
corrupt countries of the world unless there is serious political determination
in the fight against corruption." (30 January)

Private Cheragh criticizes the international community for turning a blind eye
to the widespread corruption and continuing to provide Kabul with financial
support.

"The question is being raised why donor countries continue their financial
support for the corrupt Kabul administration despite the fact that corruption is
not prevented in Afghanistan." (31 January)

Sarnawesht says the current president pledged to be tough on corruption before
he came to power but now in power, it is apparent that leaders do not have the
political will to deal with this issue:

"The main problem is that government leaders lack the political will to tackle
corruption, something which Transparency International points out in its report.
Corruption has increased in Afghanistan because the government lacks the will to
tackle corruption, the report reads."

The paper says the type of government - two teams led by the president and the
chief executive - means that neither camp is willing to deal with corruption in
its own team as it fears diminishing its power and giving the other team more
influence.(30 January)

Sources: As listed

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 11, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

GIULIANI ASSAILS TERM FOR JUDGE AS VERY LENIENT

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 419 words


The United States Attorney in Manhattan, Rudolph W. Giuliani, declared yesterday
that the one-year prison sentence that a Queens judge received for perjury was
''somewhat shocking.''

''A sentence of one year seemed to me to be very lenient,'' Mr. Giuliani said,
when asked to comment on the sentence imposed Wednesday on Justice Francis X.
Smith, the former Queens administrative judge.

Mr. Giuliani made a similar comment earlier in the day in response to a caller's
question on the Ted Brown program on WNEW-AM.

Justice Smith was convicted of committing perjury before a grand jury
investigating corruption in the city, Mr. Giuliani said later, adding that ''he
could have helped root out corruption'' by cooperating with the grand jury.

Faced 7-Year Term

The case involved Justice Smith's testimony before a Queens grand jury that was
looking into the awarding of cable television franchises. He was found guilty
July 1 of having lied about efforts to help a company obtain a franchise. He
denies the charges and is appealing his conviction.

He was sentenced in State Supreme Court in Queens by Acting Justice John S.
Thorp Jr.. who could have sentenced him to a maximum of seven years. A Probation
Department suggestion called for community service, rather than a prison term.

Justice Thorp said yesterday that he had no comment on Mr. Giuliani's remarks
about the sentencing.

Federal prosecutors usually refrain from commenting on sentences, particularly
in state cases. But Mr. Giuliani said the sentence given to Justice Smith had
sent the wrong ''signal'' regarding the investigation of corruption in the city.


'An Inappropriate Sentence'

Mr. Giuliani, who has played a major role in prosecuting corruption cases,
stressed that it was a very serious crime for a judge to commit perjury. He said
Justice Smith had received ''an inappropriate sentence.''

''This kind of sentence is a damaging one in the effort to uncover the
corruption in the city,'' he added, ''because it is a more lenient sentence than
those given to people who have pled guilty and cooperated and assisted in
uprooting much of the corruption.''

''I think it has a relationship to the entire investigation of corruption in the
city,'' he said. ''These sentences do not exist in a vacuum. They send signals,
and the signal sent by this sentence is the wrong one.''

If sentences as lenient as this one had been given to the Watergate burglars, he
added, the whole Watergate affair would not have been uncovered.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday

Pakistan: 'Corrupt bastards club'

LENGTH: 684  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Dec. 03 -- Los-Angels, California, USA-With one million and eight
hundred thousand (1.8 million) copies sold, Sarah Palin's book "Going Rogue",
has electrified American youth. Her political rating has jumped from 21% to 47%.
President Barak Obama's is 49%. The book reveals that she is an extremely hard
working politician, and despite being a mom with five kids she works round the
clock. Her courage and dynamism and revelations of corruption in the American
culture, and her determination for change from business as usual, made her
Governor of Alaska.

The Republican Party nominated her as Vice President in the Presidential
elections last year. She could be nominated, by the Republican Party for the
Presidential election in 2012.She has written about political corruption in the
state of Alaska and in the gubernatorial elections. Page 112 of "Going Rogue,"
is reproduced, because it has relevance to the sordid history of lack of ethics
among politicians and public servants in Pakistan. Here corruption has become a
part of our culture. The proof is election rigging, corruption in government and
semi-autonomous departments, nepotism, embezzlement of public funds, non-payment
and evasion of taxes, defaulting and non-return of bank loans, and to top it all
the infamous National Reconciliation Ordnance. The NRO has benefited 8041
influential people, including 248 elite politicians, and senior bureaucrats.
General Musharraf promulgated this infamous Ordinance with the motive to
perpetuate his hold on to power. The beneficiaries have been exonerated from all
allegations, and wrong doings, and from court cases instituted against them.
Mian Nawaz Sharif has directed all ML(N) MNA's and MPA's implicated in the NRO
to resign forthwith. PPP needs to emulate this example of political ethics and
integrity.In the Alaska elections for the State Governor, Sarah Palin was
running the election campaign with a shoestring budget, against five other
candidates, who were business tycoons and millionaires. She writes, "We promised
to shine a bright spotlight on ethics reform and to clean up the favor factory
known as the Capitol Building. An undercover FBI investigation of the Alaska
State Legislature was bubbling to the surface. In the week after the primary
elections federal agents served more than twenty search warrants, many of them
at the offices of state legislators- five Republicans and one democrat. It
turned out that the feds had been investigating, the links between some
lawmakers and VECO Corporation the big oil services company. The warrants
allowed FBI agents to search computer files, personal communications, official
reports and items emblazoned with the phrase "Corrupt Bastards Club", or
"CBC"."Corrupt Bastards Club", the "CBC" had become a barroom joke, after a
newspaper opinion piece, highlighted eleven lawmakers who had received large
campaign contributions from VECO, and who appeared to cast votes according VECO
Corporations demands. The name stuck and the lawmakers thought it was so funny
they had hats painted up that said "CBC". It was not so funny after the feds
showed up. Alaskans were disenchanted and felt disenfranchised from their own
government. We were going to change that".Long time back I had read in the Punch
-the British comic magazine that there are two peoples who laugh at their
follies; Polish and Pakistanis. After reading "Going Rogue", Americans could be
included in that category of "the shameless". The NRO has revealed that there
are thousands like that among us. Rich and influential people who get court
decisions and bank loans wiped out belong to a category of rogues, who would
have delighted to be called bastards, if they were Americans. But here they play
holy and we vote them into power, regardless of their lack of ethics. They need
to read Sarah Palins book - "Going Rogue". They may wish to follow the example
of Alaskan-American legislators. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please contact
Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                      November 15, 2016 Tuesday 00:00 EST

New York Lawmakers Will Not Get Raise, Commission Decides

BYLINE: JESSE McKINLEY and VIVIAN YEE

SECTION: NYREGION

LENGTH: 1179 words



HIGHLIGHT: The legislators have not had a pay increase since 1999, and now three
appointees of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo declined to back one without new ethics laws.



ALBANY - It has been nearly two decades since New York State lawmakers have had
an increase in pay, a period that has seen two recessions, three presidents and
morecorruption scandals than most people can count.

But any immediate hopes of higher wages were dashed on Tuesday, as a key state
commission, led by three appointees of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, declined to throw
its weight behind a raise for legislators.

Fran Reiter, a former senior aide to the governor who serves on the commission,
the State Commission on Legislative, Judicial and Executive Compensation, said
the reasoning was largely based on the public's distaste for Albany's
continuingethics problems.

Ms. Reiter said the governor's appointees would support a meaningful raise only
if the Legislature - which is not due back in the capital until early January -
held a special session before the end of this year to pass legislation that
would "address the public's concern and opposition by making the position
effectively full-time and limiting outside income." She said the Legislature had
so far shown "obstinacy" in failing to pass such ethics measures.

The lack of support from Mr. Cuomo's nominees, combined with abstentions by the
commission's judicial nominees, doomed a proposal to substantially increase
lawmakers' pay, currently fixed at $79,500 a year. The proposal would have
brought the pay to upward of $110,000 a year, a figure pegged to a yearly
increase of a little more than 2 percent, applied retroactively to the
lawmakers' last increase, in 1999.

The lack of a cap on income earned outside the Legislature has contributed to
several corruption scandals, including one that ensnared the former State
Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, a Democrat who was convicted on corruption
charges last November. Shortly after that, Mr. Silver's counterpart in the
Senate, Dean G. Skelos, a Republican who was majority leader, was also convicted
of corruption charges, along with his son, Adam.

At the same time, the $79,500 yearly salary impels many lawmakers to pursue some
form of supplemental income; the New York City Council, for example, voted in
February to raise its members' pay to $148,500.

"I know in metropolitan New York, an $80,000-a-year job doesn't get the best
people available," said Roman B. Hedges, a representative of the Assembly
speaker, Carl E. Heastie, a Democrat.

Mr. Hedges had argued in a letter to the commission that better pay would create
a "more professional Legislature" and attract more candidates willing to serve
in Albany. He said on Tuesday that the governor's position, as expressed by Ms.
Reiter, amounted to a political ultimatum in what was supposed to be a
nonpolitical decision.

"That's what I just think I heard: 'Do it my way or don't do it all,'" Mr.
Hedges said.

Frustration with the governor's appointees also came from other members of the
panel. Barry Cozier, one of the representatives of the state's chief judge, said
the executive members' approach amounted to an "abdication" of their
responsibilities.

Ms. Reiter was ready to hit back. "My opinions are my own," she said, adding
that she was "offended" by suggestions that she had carried water for the
governor. "I've had zero - no - communication with the governor of this state,"
she said.

The decision seems likely to set up a prolonged political battle - with pay as
the prize - between the governor and the Legislature. Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, was
already facing a potentially emboldened Senate, where Republicans had a
surprisingly strong election last week despite Democrats' high expectations, and
despite Mr. Cuomo's more active stumping for his party's candidates.

In a rare display, the two legislative leaders issued a joint news release
shortly after the commission's decision, calling the action of the governor's
appointees "completely unacceptable" and one that "far exceeds the mandate of
the commission, which was to evaluate the need for an increase in compensation
based primarily on economic factors."

But the statement from Speaker Heastie, a Bronx Democrat, and John J. Flanagan,
a Long Island Republican who serves as the Senate majority leader, gave no
indication that legislators would return to Albany this year to take up the
measures the governor seeks. The statement said instead that "the Legislature
will continue to focus on issues that truly matter to New Yorkers."

The commission was established last year to independently evaluate compensation
for all three branches of state government. But as with many things Albany, the
influence - and interests - of the governor has been the source of much
speculation, in large part because the makeup of the commission is weighted
toward the executive branch. Mr. Cuomo nominates three members, with the chief
judge of the Court of Appeals nominating two. The leaders of the Assembly and
the Senate were each allowed to nominate one member.

As the commission weighed its options, Mr. Cuomo signaled that he would not
support a raise without extracting something from the two legislative chambers,
repeatedly calling on legislators to make their case for a raise by testifying
to the commission.

After the vote on Tuesday, Mr. Cuomo said that the public was "99 to 1" against
raising lawmakers' wages. (An online petition opposing the raise garnered 12,000
signatures. "Have YOU ever gotten a 47 percent raise?" the petition asked.)

"If they are really confident in their position, the Legislature can just vote
themselves a raise," the governor told reporters after an event in Rochester.
"Let them stand up and say, 'We deserve a raise.'"

Yet several prominent ethics-in-government activists have stepped forward to
argue for better pay. The logic: Higher legitimate pay would mean fewer
temptations for outside income, whether technically legal or definitively not.

Dick Dadey, the executive director of Citizens Union, said he believed that
lawmakers should enact a limit on outside earned income but also that they
deserved a modest raise. He was also troubled by the manner in which the
decision was made.

"This is intended to be an apolitical commission that appears to have acted
politically by seeking an inappropriate quid pro quo," Mr. Dadey said.

Raises in Albany have been the subject of political jockeying before. In 1998,
the last time the Legislature won a raise, Gov. George E. Pataki, a Republican,
managed to tie itto authorizing charter schools in the state. The raise took
effect in 1999.

Richard Azzopardi, a spokesman for Mr. Cuomo, seemed to offer some room for
conciliation. "The governor believes the members should keep working at it
because they have until the end of the year," he said.

Regardless of the political machinations, some legislators were openly eager for
raises. "I think whatever they are going to give us is not enough," State
Senator Simcha Felder, a Brooklyn Democrat who caucuses with the majority
Republicans, said on Monday.

Asked how much he felt the legislators deserved, Mr. Felder joked, "You'd have
to ask my mother that."

Jesse McKinley reported from Albany, and Vivian Yee from New York.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday

GOV.'S TIES TO CORRUPT OFFICIALS NOT SO SINISTER

BYLINE: STEVE TERRELL

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 853 words


Four years before Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was arrested for alleged
corruption, he and New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson were partners in a deal
involving exports from Germany.

But it's not as sinister as it sounds.

Blagojevich, according to a Nov. 5, 2004, report in this newspaper, had arranged
to buy 300,000 flu vaccine shots from Aventis Pasteur's manufacturing plant in
France. Richardson arranged to piggyback on that deal and purchase 150,000 doses
for New Mexico.

The two governors announced that plan at a teleconference. New Mexico reporters
were invited to listen in at the Governor's Office.

I missed that event. But I was one of only two reporters to attend a news
conference about six months later in which Richardson welcomed Eliot Spitzer,
then running for governor of New York. Spitzer was in town for a $500-a-ticket
fundraiser at the home of his friend, art-gallery owner Gerald Peters. The main
thing I remember about that event was Spitzer joking about the large marble
table in Richardson's Cabinet Room.

"Where does King Arthur sit?" quipped the later-to-be-disgraced Spitzer.

Spitzer resigned in March after The New York Times exposed his involvement with
a prostitution service.

Blagojevich is still governor -- as of Wednesday evening as I write this --
despite his arrest on multiple charges of corruption, including a scheme to
sell, to the highest bidder, the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by
President-elect Barack Obama.

Obama on Wednesday called on Blagojevich to resign as governor. Previously he
called upon Richardson to resign as governor of New Mexico -- to become U.S.
Commerce Department secretary.

In fairness to Richardson, who served two terms as chairman of the Democratic
Governors Association, he's met with many governors, the overwhelming majority
of which have not ended up in crazy scandals.

But we in New Mexico should be grateful to Blagojevich. Not just for the flu
shots, but for whipping up an alleged corruption scheme that makes Robert Vigil
and Manny Aragon seem like amateurs.

Looking out for No. 2: Most of the media speculation about who Lt. Gov. Diane
Denish might choose for her replacement has centered around State Auditor Hector
Balderas, state Rep. Lucky Varela, D-Santa Fe, and Lawrence Rael, executive
director of the Mid-Region Council of Governments. That is, assuming Richardson
is confirmed as commerce secretary and Denish moves on to the Governor's Office.

But, according to one Roundhouse rumor, a dark horse might be high on Denish's
list for lieutenant governor: Veterans Affairs Secretary John Garcia.

Garcia, as keen observers might recall, is the one cabinet member who appeared
with Denish at that Albuquerque news conference when the talk of Bill Richardson
becoming commerce secretary first broke. Those hoping for Garcia's appointment
speculate Republicans in 2010 might nominate Heather Wilson for governor, who is
likely to stress veterans' issues. Garcia on the ticket could help blunt that,
his fans say.

Garcia is a Vietnam vet who served from 1969 to 1970. He was deputy chief of
staff for Gov. Bruce King and later secretary of the Economic Development
Department. Prior to his time in state government, Garcia's headed the
Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce.

Denish, who appointed a transition team Wednesday, consistently has said it's
too early to be talking about her choice for lieutenant governor.

Speaking of the Commerce appointment: A former Richardson press aide this week
wrote a column for McClatchy Newspapers about the governor taking on the new
position, predicting big things for both Richardson and the Department of
Commerce.

The writer is Richard Parker, who worked for Richardson during his congressional
years. Despite his former employment by Richardson, Parker said in his piece
that "I am no cheerleader for Richardson." He says he endured "several years of
contentious coverage of him for the Albuquerque Journal."

But he does sound a little like a cheerleader here.

"Ambitious even for a politician, Richardson will likely seek to transform the
job and position himself as the most public Cabinet figure in righting the
domestic economic disaster and transforming international trade. In doing so, he
will form ties here and abroad that may ultimately write his biography in
political history as a senior statesman, if never a president. As a result, more
people may be affected by the new secretary than any other Cabinet figure."

Parker wrote, "Richardson is as much a realist as a careerist. It seems likely
that he has arranged with the president-elect to lift the commerce post out of
obscurity and into an 'A' position, effectively and even formally alongside
state, defense, treasury and others. And that means activism. Further, when you
consider the other economic appointments, none is as capable, or likely willing,
to be a public point man as Richardson.

"As an ambitious politician he may be able to get to the vice presidency, say,
but more likely emerge as an elder statesman, probably with a lot of cushy,
corporate board seats, too."

Contact Steve Terrell at 986-3037 or sterrell@sfnewmexican.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The New Mexican


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 3, 1992, Tuesday

1992 GEORGIA LEGISLATURE State ethics bill grows weaker Limits on trips, gifts
by lobbyists are swept away

BYLINE: By Rhonda Cook STAFF WRITERgeorgia; ethics; politics; legislatures

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section A; Page 1

LENGTH: 429 words


A House subcommittee revising an ethics reform bill on Monday added provisions
that would sweep away limits on gifts, trips and other freebies to elected
officials, weakening a 1990 public corruption law that has made lawmakers more
careful about what they accept from lobbyists.

Although no vote was taken, members of a House Judiciary subcommittee made it
clear that they are willing to approve stricter regulation of lobbyists in
exchange for weaker rules on gifts from people seeking to influence legislation.

Rep. Denmark Groover (D-Macon), chairman of the subcommittee, said the 1990 law
passed by the General Assembly was not meant to halt "commercially reasonable
loans," trips and meals. But Attorney General Michael J. Bowers has said, in an
unofficial, opinion, that lawmakers could violate the law by accepting some
trips and gifts.

After Mr. Bowers's opinion, the Georgia Foresty Commission canceled its annual
trip to Florida for legislators, and top House Democrats, including Mr. Groover,
vowed to seek a change in the law.

During the meeting Monday, some House members made good on the promise,
proposing changes to House Bill 1125, which originally called for tighter
restrictions on campaign contributions and gifts to legislators and a first-time
requirement that lobbyists publicly report what they spent on behalf of
legislation.

The anti-corruption law says that public officials and employees may not accept
or solicit anything of value "by inducing the reasonable belief" that the gift
will influence an official act.

Mr. Groover said the revisions, which are likely to be put in final form today,
would only include one aspect of the original bill by Rep. Ken Poston
(D-Ringgold) - a lobbyist disclosure requirement, which 48 states already have.

The bill also would place no limits on gifts to legislators and other elected
officials.

Mr. Groover said the new amendments were needed to "eliminate the uncertainty
that the attorney general put into it when he didn't properly read the English
language."

The subcommittee also includes Reps. Tommy Chambless (D-Albany), Boyd Pettit
(D-Cartersville), Bobby Lawson (D-Gainesville) and Mary Margaret Oliver
(D-Decatur).

Mr. Poston criticized the changes, and Lt. Gov. Pierre Howard warned that the
subcommittee amendment could make it more difficult for the lobbyist disclosure
law to pass this session.

"It's opening a firestorm I thought I had doused," Mr. Poston said. "What
started out as an attempt to have stronger ethics laws may have the
unintentioned effect of weakening."

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 11, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Sydney C. Cooper Is Dead at 74; Police Official Fought Corruption

BYLINE: By ERIC PACE

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 908 words


Sydney C. Cooper, a former New York City police commander who fought against
corruption in the department, died on Sunday at his home in East Norwich, L.I.
He was 74.

The cause was congestive heart failure, said his wife, Phyllis, who added that
he had a history of heart problems.

Chief Cooper spent more than a fourth of his 28-year career tracking down and
arresting corrupt police officers. He earned a reputation as one of the city's
toughest officers before he retired from the Police Department in 1972. He was
among those who aided the Knapp Commission's inquiry into police corruption from
1970 to 1972.

He was an assistant chief inspector in July 1971, when he became the
department's chief of inspectional services and took command of its Internal
Affairs Division, the unit charged with combating corruption inside the
department.

Surge in Complaints

Chief Cooper held that post until March 1972 during a surge in public complaints
about police corruption.

From 1968 to 1971, he was also involved in anti-corruption efforts as the Police
Department's borough commander in the Bronx and then as its chief of personnel.

Recalling the early 1970's in an interview last month, Judge Whitman Knapp of
Federal District Court, the former chairman of the Knapp Commission to
Investigate Allegations of Police Corruption in New York City, said he had
chosen to deal with the Police Department through Chief Cooper, who he said was
"a key player."

"He assisted me in my investigations" in a variety of ways, Judge Knapp said.
"He was very helpful. He had integrity and street wisdom. He took things as they
were, didn't try to pretend that they were different, and dealt with them."

Late in 1972, the commission filed an influential report describing an endemic
system of corruption, with thousands of police officers involved in graft.

After that, as Anthony Bouza, a former police commander in the Bronx, wrote
recently, reform of the department was possible, partly "because an angry
public, outraged by the disclosures of the Knapp Commission, demanded it."

Reforms were indeed made. New units and programs were formed to forestall
corruption. But critics of the Police Department have contended that the
commission's positive impact on corruption has been followed by backsliding
within the department.

Besides aiding the commission, Chief Cooper, as a high police commander, worked
against police corruption in ways that ranged from targeting patterns of graft
to forming an alliance with an individual honest police officer, Frank Serpico,
who was an important informer about graft in the police ranks.

In a 1971 interview about his internal-affairs command, Chief Cooper said, "We
are moving away from the situation where, with a limited number of men, we tried
to deal with individual cases, and are beginning to move against patterns of
corruption we know exist."

One of the patterns the chief investigated was free hospitality provided to
police officers by midtown Manhattan hotels. He oversaw a high-level department
investigation that indicated that almost all the midtown hotels were treating
law-enforcement officers to free meals, and even free lodging.

Chief Cooper's friendship with Patrolman Serpico had a noisy beginning, as the
author Peter Maas described in his 1973 book "Serpico." Patrolman Serpico
complained to Chief Cooper, "I don't have a friend in the department," and the
chief bellowed: "Don't talk to me about friends. I'm supposed to be the bogyman
around here. I don't have any friends in the department either, and I'm not
looking for any."

Then, Mr. Maas recounted, the patrolman smiled and said "O.K., chief, I'll be
your friend."

The 'Turnaround Cop'

Chief Cooper also used dishonest police officers in fighting corruption. After
retiring from the department, he testified before a State Senate committee that
a useful technique was to catch a police officer taking a bribe, and then to get
him to work for investigators in exchange for immunity from arrest. "I'm very
much in favor of using what we call the 'turnaround cop,' " he said.

In the last months before his retirement, at age 53, Chief Cooper headed a
confidential police unit that pursued leads provided by the Knapp Commission.
The unit also worked with Federal investigators looking into what a Federal
prosecutor, Whitney North Seymour Jr., had called "extensive corruption" of New
York police officers and others by narcotics dealers.

The future chief was born in Brooklyn and grew up there and in Toms River, N.J.
He studied two years at New York University, joined the Police Department in
1941 and, except for service in the Army Engineers in World War II, remained
with the department until his retirement. He earned a bachelor's degree from
City University in 1964 and a law degree from St. John's University in 1968.

From 1961 to 1968, he served in various positions as an internal affairs or
anti-corruption investigator.

After retiring, he was a senior consultant in criminal justice to the New York
City Rand Institute from 1972 to 1974 and school safety director for the city's
Board of Education in 1974 and 1975. He later held a number of posts, largely as
a consultant or teacher.

He was a co-author of "Home Security" (Consumer Reports, 1989).

He was married to Phyllis Schaffer in 1941. In addition to his wife, he is
survived by a daughter, Margaret Cooper of Manhattan.

NAME: Sydney C. Cooper

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sydney C. Cooper (The New York Times, 1972)

TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Illinois Is Trying. It Really Is. But the Most Corrupt State Is Actually . . .

BYLINE: By BILL MARSH

SECTION: Section WK; Column 0; Week in Review Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 518 words


Where is officialdom most crooked? Last week, many guessed it must be Illinois,
after news that Gov. Rod Blagojevich was taped making brazen personal demands in
exchange for his selection of a Senate successor to President-elect Barack
Obama.

The state's image took a hit despite its long history of producing famously
principled political figures, from the bowtied Senator Paul Simon to the great
man on the penny.

But bloggers from competing hotbeds of wrongdoing proclaimed that theirs were
the worst officials in the land, thank you. New Jerseyans seemed especially sure
that their leadership came out on top in the race to the bottom.

Not so. And not so for Illinois, either.

There are several ways to gauge levels of government corruption, all of them a
bit, well, corrupt. We present three methods here in the interest of keeping the
arguments going.

Number of Guilty Officials (Graphic)

In a Department of Justice tally covering the last decade, Florida wins by its
sheer number of guilty. The report, released last week, itemizes convictions in
federal public corruption cases at local, state and federal levels in the 50
states, the District of Columbia and three United States territories.

Illinois ranks only seventh, with 502 convictions. At the squeaky-clean end of
the scale, Nebraska barely managed an average of about one guilty official per
year.

But the bigger the state, generally, the more officials it has, criminal or
otherwise. So places like Florida, New York and Texas pile up big numbers. Let's
adjust the data for population.

The Guilty, per Capita (Graphic)

A better measure, perhaps, showing how many convicted officials are produced for
every one million constituents. Seems fair - unless you're North Dakota.

The District of Columbia wins big, for obvious reasons: its high concentration
of public officials amid a relatively small population. Also, the local United
States attorney's office focuses on rooting out corruption, adding to conviction
rates.

USA Today published a similar list last week, declaring North Dakota the most
corrupt state. Statewide outrage followed. (The newspaper omitted the District
and the United States territories.) Mike Jacobs, the editor and publisher of the
Grand Forks Herald, called it ''a stunning and incomprehensible result'' and
could recall few cases of public misdeeds over his four decades in North Dakota
journalism. (One that sprang into his mind: the head of a state office who was
accused of shoplifting peanuts in a grocery store. The charges were dropped.
That was in 1981.)

So what's going on out on the Prairie? Two large cases of embezzlement by local
officials ran up the conviction numbers, plus a smattering of mostly small-bore
crime. Selling a Senate seat? Not yet.

Meanwhile, Nebraska continues to shine as a beacon of good government.

A Survey of Journalists (Graphic)

Researchers asked state house reporters to assess their subjects and ranked
responses on a scale of 1 (clean) to 7 (crooked) in a 2003 study. Nebraska?
Good, not great. For North Dakota, sweet vindication: it tied with South Dakota
and Colorado for least corrupt.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: ANOTHER FALL: Gov. Rod Blagojevich is the latest elected
official to be accused of corruption. But if guilty, he doesn't make Illinois
the most corrupt state. CHARTS: NUMBER OF GUILTY VERDICTS
THE GUILTY, PER CAPITA
A SURVEY OF JOURNALISTS (Sources: Department of Justice
Census Bureau
 State Politics and Policy Quarterly)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Your Views Letters from Readers

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 1445 words


Reform campaign finance to help end corruption

Regarding the arrest last week of Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich on federal
corruption charges: Because of the extremely high costs of running for public
office, plus the fact that the candidate who spends the most money usually wins,
it is obvious that politicians trading favors for money is a natural by-product
of the system. I suspect that if every politician who accepted "quid pro quo"
for money were put in prison, there would be very few politicians left in
office.

Until a better system is found to offset the high cost of running for office,
Americans will have to live with quid pro quo for money as an inherent evil of
our system. If Americans want a better system, it could be done - for example,
by limiting the amount of TV and radio commercials.

Dan Fischer | Lake Saint Louis

Defining a good man

The editorial "Betrayal" (Dec. 10), about the arrest of Illinois Gov. Rod
Blagojevich on federal corruption charges, was not exactly stunning (almost
every newspaper editorial was the same), but one section keeps coming back to
mind. Referring to Mr. Blagojevich as "a good man brought down by his own pride"
is quite a stretch. The charges and all of the news stories show evidence to the
contrary. He may have supported the paper's editorial positions on health care
coverage, but that does not make him "a good man."

Richard Buckley | Manchester

Recreation on the river

The St. Louis riverfront thrived long after the last packet left the levee for
Alton or Ste. Genevieve and prior to the opening of the Arch to tourists in the
summer of 1967. During that hot St. Louis summer, the Jefferson National
Expansion Memorial's natural environment consisted of grass and two lakes. The
only attraction below was a long wait, at times hours, for the trip to the top
of the Gateway to the West.

The savior was the levee. The Goldenrod Showboat, which brought thousands of
people to the Annual National Ragtime and Traditional Jazz Festival, was not
able to survive its flight to the Missouri River levee in St. Charles. The River
Queen was an elegant yet affordable restaurant, with ambiance only a location on
the river could provide. The Mississippi claimed it. So, too, was the fate of
The Saint Louis Yacht Club, moored with the stern regally protruding into the
river.

Perhaps the last chapter is being written with the public auction of the Lt.
Robert E. Lee, now moored in the area for which it was built in 1966. It was a
great dining and entertainment venue, moored just below the south leg of the
Arch.

Between 1900 and 2000, these and many other attractions thrived on the St. Louis
levee. Beyond being visitor destinations, they were civic assets. Perhaps new
"islands" can come to the levee and give the Gateway Riverboat Cruises, the last
bastion preserving this rich tradition, some much-needed company.

Roy B. Gillyon | St. Louis

Transit timing

Hanley Road will be shut down on Dec. 29 for eight months. That's a major
north-south thoroughfare into Clayton. Hey, wait a minute! I know something that
provides efficient transit service to Clayton, Washington University, Forest
Park and the Barnes-Jewish Hospital complex. That's right: MetroLink!

But St. Louis County voters recently decided that the whole St. Louis area
should take a hike in fares and cut in service at a very inopportune time.

Dan Shelton | Maplewood

Voting with their feet

The editorial "Attendance required" (Dec. 8) mentioned a few numbers about the
St. Louis Public Schools. Since 2001, the enrollment has declined from 42,000 to
25,000, which represents a 40 percent decrease. According to U.S. Census
figures, St. Louis has about 350,000 residents. About 19 percent of those
residents are school-aged children, ranging from 5 to 18 years old. That means
there are about 66,500 children in the city, and the St. Louis Public schools
educates only 37 percent of them.

Where have all the children gone? To St. Louis County schools, private schools,
charter schools, religious schools and home schools. The people are voting with
their feet. Perhaps the solution to the problems of the St. Louis Public Schools
district is to not have one.

Craig Niehaus | Glendale

Diploma for driving

The shameful high school dropout rates reported in "Dropout level spikes to 22
percent" (Dec. 9) should be an alarm for our state legislators. It is time for
them to consider a state law that would mandate a high school diploma for anyone
to obtain and retain a driver's license in Missouri.

A driver's license is a privilege, not a right. As our state continues to
hemorrhage jobs, it's time to get tough and not allow our children in any school
district to give up for any reason.

Bunnie Gronborg | Festus

Debt transfer

Regarding the editorial "Academic fraud" (Dec. 9): The consequences of the
college tuition problem in America are myriad, detailed and baffling. The causes
are not. Privately endowed universities, including my alma mater, Washington
University in St. Louis, have no institutional concern for the debt with which
students graduate.

Washington University ostensibly is a charitable organization. Its endowment
prior to June was 10 figures. Modestly invested, that amount would produce about
$300 million dollars annually. Other than the prestige of having a high price
tag and a skyrocketing endowment, there is no reason the university must charge
what it does. It could provide education for less than half of what it does.

But educating students is not high on the list for major private universities.
Research, garnering praise and advancing up U.S. News and World Report's
rankings are far more important. Ask any faculty member about Washington
University's ranking compared with Northwestern's, and you'll get an icy stare.

But private universities are only half the problem. The other half is state and
federal student loan programs. They, too, have no concern for students' debt
load. Who can blame universities for accepting money freely funneled, through
students, from the government? As long as that source of money is there, the
debt transfer will rise. The government transfers its debt to recipients of
higher education via amortized payment plans.

The reason that university education is so expensive is simple: We have not yet
reached the point where people refuse to pay it.

T. Eugene Day | St. Louis

Cash cow

The editorial "Academic fraud" (Dec. 9) says, "Why the staggering costs to get a
college education? That's the most flabbergasting part of the report: No one
claims to know." The truth is that no one cares to admit why college costs are
skyrocketing.

I'm retired from higher education, having served as a professor and department
chair at a state university. The reason for the out-of-control costs is obvious:
It's the federal government. Whenever the government gets involved in anything,
be it education or medical care, costs increase significantly. The government
serves as a cash cow to colleges, universities and diploma mills. College
administrators know they can jack up fees and tuition and the federal government
will come through, freeing up money for more buildings and other frivolous
undertakings.

Of course, students and families continue to bear the brunt of this. As anyone
knows, prudent financial planning is not how the government operates. Poor
planning and cost overruns are part of doing business and wasting taxpayer
money. Until strict controls and limits on government spending for higher
education are implemented, look for costs to continue to soar.

Jim Pullen | St. Louis

Hungry? Eat your import

The biggest problem with the economy, besides the derivatives and mortgage swaps
in the financial sector, is the loss of manufacturing in this country.
Economists have written that a successful and thriving economy in a community
means that the dollar spent in that community circulates an average of six times
before it leaves the community.

In this respect, substitute country for community. Whenever a product is
purchased from a foreign manufacturer, that dollar of profit leaves the country
before it has circulated enough times to allow the country to thrive. In years
past, when construction would slow, manufacturing was there to "cushion" the
blow. When manufacturing would slow, construction was there. Unfortunately, the
greedy companies have outsourced most of our manufacturing base, and there is
nothing left as a backup.

Until we start imposing reasonable tariffs on imports from countries where the
wage scale is extremely disproportionate to ours, the spiral will continue.

It reminds me of a bumper sticker I saw years ago that read: "Hungry? Out of
work? Eat your import"

Joe Varda | Troy, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 23, 2010 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

ETHICS PROPOSALS MERGED

BYLINE: MARY ELLEN KLAS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: The Senate panel compromise would send a public corruption measure to
the House.


A Senate committee Thursday unveiled a late-session compromise for dealing with
public corruption, wrapping together a bill to crack down on public officials
who use their offices for private gain with a measure to impose new restrictions
on no-bid contracts in state government.

The bill, passed unanimously by the Senate Ethics and Elections Committee, gives
lawmakers new powers over the contracting process, requiring agencies to notify
the governor and the Legislature before they enter into no-bid contracts. And it
requires legislative approval for any contact over $500,000.

Also part of the measure: pieces of two bills by Sen. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach.
One provision would make it a crime for government officials - with corrupt
intent - to deliberately fail to disclose any financial interests that result in
private gain from their public jobs. Another would increase the penalties for
public officials who commit crimes while performing their official duties.

The legislation attempts to close a gap in state law that now prevents state
attorneys from prosecuting officials who purposefully fail to make such a
financial disclosure because they want to shield how they are profiting from
their public offices.

By merging the proposals, the Senate hopes to win approval for the plan in the
House, which has been reluctant to take up the public corruption bill, and force
Gov. Charlie Crist to accept the contracting bill.

The governor has hinted that he will call legislators back to Tallahassee in a
special lawmaking session to deal with corruption legislation because of their
lack of action on the issue.

Since Crist came into office in 2007, he has had to suspend more than one
official a month for violating state ethics and corruption laws.

Sen. J.D. Alexander, the Lake Wales Republican whose contracting language was
added to Gelber's anti-corruption bills, said the compromise is intended to
"find something that everybody will like."

Mary Ellen Klas can be reached at meklas@MiamiHerald.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

F.B.I.'s Focus on Public Corruption Includes 2,000 Investigations

BYLINE: By DAVID JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 987 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 10


A post-9/11 effort by the F.B.I. to concentrate on public corruption now
includes more than 2,000 investigations under way, highlighted by the Jack
Abramoff lobbying inquiry, the racketeering and fraud conviction of former Gov.
George Ryan of Illinois, and the multipronged corruption probes after the guilty
plea by Randy Cunningham, a former Republican House member from San Diego,
bureau officials said.

As one of the Bush administration's least known anticrime efforts, the F.B.I.
initiative has yielded an unexpectedly rich array of cases. The results suggest
that wrongdoing by public officials at all levels of government is deeply rooted
and widespread. Several of the highest profile cases in which the F.B.I. played
an active role involve Republicans.

Bureau officials believe that the investment in corruption cases is easily worth
the cost. In 2004 and 2005, more than 1,060 government employees were convicted
of corrupt activities, including 177 federal officials, 158 state officials, 360
local officials and 365 police officers, according to F.B.I. statistics. The
number of convictions rose 27 percent from 2004 to 2005.

In a telephone interview on Wednesday, the F.B.I. director, Robert S. Mueller
III, said the bureau was uniquely positioned to investigate corruption.
Recalling his days as a prosecutor in Boston, he said: ''Having prosecuted
public corruption cases, you come to realize first of all that public corruption
tears the fabric of a democratic society. You lose faith in public officials, it
leads to cynicism, it leads to distrust in government.''

The bureau's corruption effort has forced it to shift agents from other criminal
programs. Violent street gangs, organized crime and large-scale narcotics
trafficking organizations remain high priorities. But bureau officials like
Chris Swecker, the top criminal enforcement official, acknowledged that the
F.B.I. had reduced its investigation of single-victim fraud cases; smaller,
localized drug rings; and nonviolent bank robberies. ''We've had to make some
very difficult choices,'' Mr. Swecker said.

Mr. Mueller is giving his first speech on the bureau's corruption effort on
Thursday in San Diego, which Mr. Cunningham represented in Congress before he
resigned and pleaded guilty to accepting more than $2 million for steering
military contracts to friends and supporters.

In the interview, Mr. Mueller said the F.B.I. paid no attention to whether a
public official was a Republican or a Democrat. ''We have traditionally had the
independence to investigate corruption regardless of political affiliation and
no matter how powerful the official is,'' he said, adding: ''Over the years it
has not made any difference to the F.B.I. People from both parties have been
investigated.''

The F.B.I. is starting a Web site, reportcorruption.fbi.gov, through which
people can send tips on corruption, although not anonymously, to be reviewed by
agents at the bureau's headquarters.

Perhaps the most far-reaching of the cases is the one involving Mr. Abramoff,
the former lobbyist at the center of a sweeping federal investigation into
whether he improperly influenced decisions in Congress. He pleaded guilty to
corruption related charges in Washington and Florida earlier this year.

In Illinois, Mr. Ryan was convicted last month of 18 counts of helping to award
state business to supporters and misusing state resources for political benefit.

Not all high-profile cases involve Republicans. Last week, a Louisville
businessman pleaded guilty in federal court in Virginia to bribing
Representative William J. Jefferson, Democrat of Louisiana, with more than
$400,000 in payments, stock in his high-tech company and a share of the profits
to promote the firm's high-tech business ventures in Africa. Mr. Jefferson has
denied ever accepting payments in return for government service.

Much of the public corruption caseload involves state and local officials. The
F.B.I. has reach into government operations throughout the United States, with
names like Lively Green, an investigation into corruption along the southwest
border; Wrinkled Robe, a bribery inquiry that led to several arrests, including
two state judges in Louisiana; Tennessee Waltz, a sting operation that led to
the arrest of several Tennessee state lawmakers; and Midas Touch, an
investigation of the New Mexico state treasurer's office.

The agency has long prosecuted public corruption, but in the 1980's and 1990's,
street gangs, drugs and violent crime had a higher priority. ''In the field
offices, corruption wasn't always the highest priority,'' Mr. Swecker said. He
said top officials in the bureau's 56 field offices largely set their own
priorities.

''The director recognized the need for greater clarity and priorities,'' Mr.
Swecker said. ''I don't think anybody recognized the number and quality of cases
we would generate.''

In the restructuring of the F.B.I. after the Sept. 11 attacks, as hundreds of
agents were shifted from criminal work to counterterrorism, bureau officials
moved more than 200 agents to corruption as an area in which the F.B.I. had
almost exclusive responsibility and in which Mr. Mueller and his aides believed
the bureau could have the greatest impact.

''We looked at what we really needed to do that nobody else does,'' said James
W. Burrus Jr., a senior official in the criminal division and an architect of
the anticorruption program. ''This is 100 percent ours.''

Almost every one of the F.B.I.'s cases has been the subject of widespread news
reports by local news organizations, and Time magazine has reported on the
national scope of the effort. In some instances, for example in the cases of Mr.
Cunningham and Mr. Abramoff, reporters appear to have been the first to uncover
some aspects of possible wrongdoing. Agents regard such articles as tips for
which they can claim success if they succeed in bringing a case.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ''I don't think anybody recognized the number and quality of
cases we would generate,'' said Chris Swecker, an F.B.I. criminal enforcement
official. (Photo by Andrew Councill for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 23, 2008 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Corruption report will clear Emanuel: Obama insider

BYLINE: IANMUNROIN NEW YORK

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 504 words


RAHM EMANUEL, the chief of staff to president-elect Barack Obama, Rahm Emanuel,
is said to have been cleared of any wrongdoing in talks with the Illinois
Governor, Rod Blagojevich.

Blagojevich is facing federal corruption charges that include an attempt to sell
Mr Obama's Senate seat in return for campaign funds or a highly paid job. As
Governor, Blagojevich had the authority to appoint a replacement for Mr Obama as
senator for Illinois.

Citing unnamed sources within the Obama team, the ABC journalist George
Stephanopoulos claimed that an internal report, showed Mr Emanuel had one
conversation with Blagojevich where the Senate vacancy was mentioned. During it,
there was only passing reference to the vacancy created by Mr Obama's
presidential election win.

The results of the internal investigation, which was intended to reveal any
contacts between the Obama transition team and Blagojevich, have been withheld
at the request of the prosecutor, United States attorney Patrick Fitzgerald.

Mr Obama's political base of Chicago is notorious for corruption. Any perceived
link to the scandal threatens to tarnish his presidency.

Mr Stephanopoulos, who has strong Democratic Party credentials as a former
adviser to President Bill Clinton, said that Mr Emanuel's sole conversation with
the Governor was described as a "pro forma" courtesy call.

He said that Mr Emanuel also had four conversations with Blagojevich's chief of
staff, John Harris, in which the two men discussed various candidates for the
position, but no deal was struck. Mr Emanuel did indicate Mr Obama's support for
his long-standing adviser, the Chicago businesswoman Valerie Jarrett, for the
vacancy.

Mr Stephanopoulos's source reported Mr Harris as having said that if Ms Jarrett
were appointed "all we get is appreciation, right?" Mr Emanuel is said to have
replied: "Right."

Mr Harris has resigned his post amid the unfolding scandal, but Blagojevich
maintains he has done nothing wrong and is fighting impeachment hearings.

Had Mr Emanuel, a loyal Chicagoan political attack-dog, been implicated in any
wrongdoing with the elaborately coiffured and equally foul-mouthed Blagojevich,
Mr Obama would have faced the loss of a valuable aide, and likely attempts to
link him directly to the scandal.

But Mr Obama has said that he did not speak to Blagojevich about the Senate
vacancy and that he was certain no one in his office had any involvement in
deal-making around it. Last week he said it was "a little frustrating" that he
had been unable to release the internal report into the scandal.

The report was leaked as the president-elect and his family arrived in Hawaii
for a 12-day holiday. Ms Jarrett will be joining Mr Obama, his wife, Michelle,
and their daughters, Malia and Sasha, at the Hawaiian resort of Kailua.

Mr Fitzgerald has claimed that Blagojevich sought to parlay his authority to
appoint a replacement senator to his own advantage, suggesting several times
that if he did not get something of value, he might take the senate vacancy for
himself.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: Holiday . . . Barack Obama with an aide on Sunday. Photo:
Getty Images Blagojevich . . . arrested. Photo: AFP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 21, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Birmingham mayor fights judge over logs

BYLINE: Paul Leavitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 719 words


Mayor Richard Arrington of Birmingham, Ala., today will ask the U.S. Supreme
Court to stay his jail sentence, scheduled to begin Thursday. A federal judge
sentenced Arrington to spend each Thursday evening through Monday morning in
jail until he hands over personal appointment logs subpoenaed by a grand jury
investigating alleged corruption in City Hall. Arrington, the city's first black
mayor, says he's the victim of a racial prosecution. He has several predictions:
he'll be jailed Thursday, the government eventually will get the records, but
he'll outlast U.S. Attorney Frank Donaldson, who is retiring in several months.

CHURCH FIRE SUSPECT: Tennessee drifter Patrick Lee Frank, 41, jailed on trespass
charges in Gainesville, Fla., is the prime suspect in eight fires in Gainesville
churches, officials said. But they said they don't expect charges to be filed
soon and added they're working with a church arson task force set up to
investigate 30 church fires last year primarily in north-central Florida. He's
also a suspect in a rash of church fires in his hometown of East Ridge, Tenn.

TEXAS SCHOOLS: The Texas higher education system illegally discriminates against
Mexican-Americans, a state judge in Brownsville ruled. Judge Ben Euresti Jr.
said the state must correct inequities at its colleges and universities by May
1, 1993, or stop funding them. State officials said they will appeal. The
lawsuit, brought by League of United Latin American Citizens, is different from
one that led the legislature last year to adopt a new funding system for
elementary and high schools. The state Supreme Court had ruled the old system
favored wealthy districts.

MINNESOTA AIDS SURVEY: There's hope that a broad, national survey of sexual
practices could yield important information about AIDS risks. University of
Minnesota researchers report in the Journal of the Public Health Service that in
a pilot survey at 300 Minneapolis-area homes found most people would fill out a
sexually explicit questionnaire. The 1989 study also found about 25% of men and
19% of women had changed sexual practices as a result of AIDS risk. Cited:
condom use, fewer partners and greater selectivity of partners. Celibacy was
rarely mentioned.

MACY'S FIRE: Thousands of New York shoppers were evacuated from seven floors of
Macy's flagship store in Manhattan because of a smoky fire in a fourth- floor
storeroom. Cause: unknown. Fire officials said the blaze was contained by the
sprinkler system.

GOVERNOR STRICKEN: Doctors said a blood clot probably played a role in the
collapse Saturday of Montana Gov. Stan Stephens, 62. Doctors said it appears a
piece of a blood clot in his neck broke off and lodged in a smaller vessel in
his brain. He'll be released from the hospital today.

WELFARE PROBE: Mrs. America, Jill Scott, who reigns until April, is being
investigated by the San Diego County Department of Social Services, for welfare
fraud, The Tribune of San Diego reported. Department officials won't comment.
Scott, 32, applied for welfare last July after her estranged husband George
Scott failed to make court-ordered child- and spouse-support payments of $ 1,340
monthly. He has paid less than $ 1,000, said her lawyer, Matthew Kremer. Scott
should have turned that money over to the welfare department, but instead gave
it to her parents to repay a debt, Kremer said. ''This was an error ... she
regrets,'' Kremer said. He said she took herself off welfare Friday. Pageant
officials said they haven't been notified of an investigation.

ALSO MONDAY ...

- BATTERY STANDARDS: New Jersey Gov. Jim Florio signed a tough law for dry cell
battery waste removal, requiring manufacturers to eliminate virtually all
mercury from batteries sold in the state by the end of 1995.

- SCHOOL COLLAPSE: New York state school officials cleared architect John Clark
of wrongdoing in the collapse of a wall during a 90-mph wind storm that killed
nine people at East Coldenham Elementary School in Newburgh on Nov. 16, 1989.
Clark said the wall met state standards.

- MARIJUANA ARRESTS: Two nephews of Missouri Gov. John Ashcroft were charged
with cultivating about 50 marijuana plants in a home near Southwest Missouri
State University in Springfield, police said.
Contributing: Sandra Sanchez

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, USA TODAY; PHOTO; b/w, AP

CUTLINE: ARRINGTON: Fights contempt order CUTLINE: SCOTT: Says she repaid
parents

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           December 13, 2008 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

COMMENTARY - CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS;
Despite all the allegations of corruption, there's reason for hope;
Scrubbing the filth off politics

BYLINE: JOANN FITZPATRICK

SECTION: Editorial; pg. 9

LENGTH: 733 words


The revelations about Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in FBI wiretaps are so tacky
they are worthy of a B-movie starring Elvis Presley.

Fact is, Blagojevich could star in a remake of a bad Presley flick; the grabby
governor is a big Elvis fan, which explains the un-gubernatorial black outfit he
sported Monday. There he was, black pompadour, black shirt and black jacket with
stand-up collar, taunting investigators within hours of their presenting him
with a blue Christmas, the indictment he seemed to think could not happen.

The Chicago indictment was something of a stocking stuffer for disgraced state
Sen. Dianne Wilkerson and Boston City Councilor Chuck Turner, who might argue
the bribes they are accused of taking are petty by Blagojevich standards if they
were not insisting they are innocent.

I like to think this tawdry business is part of the end of the culture of
political corruption that has prevailed for so long in places like
Massachusetts, Illinois, Pennsylvania and, most notoriously, Louisiana.

The times, they truly are a-changing. The signs are clear: Change makers can be
elected to office, even in the most unlikely places. It took one of the
country's worst natural disasters to bring reform to the political swamp of
Louisiana, but it's taking root.

Last year an Indian-American and a Republican, Bobby Jindal, 37, was elected
governor on a message of reform and last week Republican Anh Cao in a special
election defeated long-term Congressman William Jefferson, who's awaiting trial
on federal corruption charges. The largely black city of New Orleans will be
represented by the first Vietnamese-American to serve in Congress. Change of
that magnitude shows that almost anything can happen if enough men and women are
persuaded to reject immoral tradition and fight for the public interest.

The arrogance of Blagojevich is mirrored on a smaller scale by Turner and
Wilkerson, both of whom think they are above the law's sanctions.

Wilkerson had every reason to feel invincible; her Senate colleagues constantly
reassured her. The string of violations began years ago - repeated nonpayment of
federal taxes and campaign finance violations, for starters - but were ignored
by other senators. As long as the voters returned her to office, she was A-OK in
the State House corridors.

We teach children that rules are to be obeyed, that there are consequences for
bad actions. But on Beacon Hill, no such rules apply. The loyalty of the good
old boys club is outdone by fealty to the good old incumbents club.

Only photos from FBI surveillance - with Wilkerson allegedly stuffing money
under her sweater - made legislative leaders wince. Senate President Therese
Murray, who had proudly campaigned for Wilkerson in a hotly contested primary
race against a reform candidate, was suddenly disturbed. Irate, even.

What took you so long, senator?

Gov. Deval Patrick wasn't much better. He, too, stood by Wilkerson in the
primary, when, as a newcomer to Beacon Hill, he could have taken a pass.

After Wilkerson's indictment, Patrick established a task force to develop ethics
reform proposals. In keeping with hallowed tradition, the commission will hold
most of its deliberations behind closed doors.

I sympathize with the view that Massachusetts ethics laws are too lax - $2,000
penalties for violations, set back in 1982, for example. But while tougher laws
are necessary, they are useless if not backed by personal integrity. This
Christmas season lawmakers will be clinking glasses at holiday parties designed
to bring in more cash from lobbyists and others seeking their favor. It doesn't
occur to them that suspending these shakedowns, in the spirit of austerity if
not embarrassment, would be a good idea.

Only new blood can fix a broken system. Barack Obama, new to the national stage
just four years ago, won the presidency on that promise. Sonia Chang-Diaz of
Jamaica Plain, who had the courage to run against Dianne Wilkerson for a second
time, long before the federal indictment was known, is a symbol of hope on our
political turf. Chang-Diaz may not cast herself as such; she has kept a
remarkably low profile since winning her seat.

This young woman, a former teacher, has the makings of a star, based on her
willingness to buck the odds and place her trust in voters' hunger for leaders
who are not corrupted by power.

JoAnn Fitzpatrick can be reached at joannftzptrck@yahoo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                National Edition

State of disgrace; Mayors, rabbis charged in New Jersey's latest corruption case

BYLINE: Mark Schoifet and Peter S. Green, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 875  words


Peter Cammarano, the youngest Mayor of Hoboken, N. J., may also have one of its
shortest tenures.

The day after the Mayor -- who took office on July 1 -- celebrated his 32nd
birthday by bartending at a local festival, he was being led away in cuffs by
the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

He was in good company: Mayors Dennis Elwell of Secaucus and Anthony Suarez of
Ridgefield, two state assemblymen, dozens of state officials and five rabbis
were detained as part of a probe into public corruption and money-laundering
stretching from the Jersey Shore to Brooklyn, N. Y., and Israel. The rabbis are
accused of using alleged charities to funnel millions of dollars in illegal
funds.

It was one of the largest roundups of suspects ever in a state that is second
only to Illinois for corruption -- more than 100 New Jersey officials have been
convicted in the past few years.

The probe apparently began when bank fraud charges were laid against Solomon
Dwek. He is the son of the founders of the Deal Yeshiva, a religious school in
the seaside town that teaches children in the Sephardic Jewish tradition.

After Mr. Dwek was caught passing a US$25-million bad cheque, he agreed to act
as an informant. Posing as a crooked real estate agent and developer, he offered
cash bribes for government approvals.

There was also a separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that
funnelled funds.

"For these defendants, corruption was a way of life," Ralph Marra Jr., the
acting U. S. attorney in New Jersey, told a news conference. "They existed in an
ethics-free zone."

"New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if not the worst, in the
nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge of the FBI's white
collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who has worked on the
investigation since it began in July 1999.

"It has become ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling
corruption "a cancer."

The public officials are accused of taking bribes for pledging their help
getting permits and projects prioritized, and approved or steering contracts to
the witness.

In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV series The Sopranos, about
New Jersey organized crime, the suspects met in diners, parking lots, even
washrooms, officials said.

"The politicians willingly put themselves up for sale," said Mr. Marra. "The
victims are the average citizens and the honest business people in this state.
They don't have a chance in this culture of corruption."

The public corruption uncovered by the informant led him to the separate
money-laundering network by rabbis who operated between Brooklyn, Deal and
Israel, authorities said. They laundered about US$3-million for the undercover
witness between June 2007 and July 2009.

"These complaints paint a disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading
money-laundering crews, acting as crime bosses," Mr. Marra said.

"They used purported charities, entities supposedly set up to do good works, as
vehicles for laundering millions of dollars in illicit funds."

The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is accused of
conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant. According to
the complaint, Mr. Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sales of kidneys for 10
years.

"His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a kidney for US$10,000
which he would turn around and sell for US$160,000," said Mr. Marra.

In Hoboken, the birthplace of Frank Sinatra and a former working-class enclave
whose townhouses and tree-lined streets became a haven for young professionals
starting in the 1980s, the arrest may remind residents of the 1954 film about
corruption, On the Waterfront, which was filmed in the city.

"This is probably the most corrupt city in the state," Elle Lubanecki, 71, who
was born and raised in Hoboken, said on the city's main thoroughfare, Washington
Street.

"I hope we don't have another person with his finger in the pie waiting to get a
slice."

In 2005, Anthony Russo, Hoboken's former mayor, was sentenced to 30 months in
federal prison and fined US$30,000 for taking bribes from an accountant and a
towing contractor to help them get city contracts. He was also ordered to pay
the city US$317,000 in restitution.

"Innocent until proven guilty," Jack O'Brien, 81, a lifelong Hoboken resident,
said of Mr. Cammarano. "He seems like such a nice guy."

Mr. Cammarano, who was born in Wayne, N. J., and moved to Hoboken after
graduating from Boston University in 1999, was elected to a four-year term in a
run-off election last month. He was charged with accepting US$25,000 in cash
bribes.

The arrests come 55 years after the premiere of On the Waterfront, Elia Kazan's
Oscar-winning movie that features Marlon Brando as an ex-boxer turned
longshoreman who stands up to a corrupt union chief.

As for Sinatra, the grandson of Sicilian immigrants, who staked out their
territory and protected it with street gangs, according to the website
Sinatra.com,he left town as soon as he could. "When I was there, I just wanted
to get the hell out," the singer once said, according to the website.

"It took me a long time to realize how much of it I took with me."

Bloomberg News, with files from The New York Times and Reuters

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Chip East, Reuters; A man in handcuffs is brought from a bus behind
federal court in Newark, N. J., yesterday. Three New Jersey mayors, five rabbis
and dozens of other officials were arrested in a federal probe into public
corruption and money-laundering, one of the largest sweeps in the state's
history. ; Map: National Post; ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                              May 26, 2008 Monday

Regulation begets corruption;
Greater economic freedom is the best solution to Israel's corruption problem.

BYLINE: Avi Hein

LENGTH: 628 words


In annual reports that rank global corruption by Transparency International,
Israel's ranking has continually declined, signifying greater and greater
perceptions of corruption. This bodes poorly for Israel's future, as corruption
hinders economic growth and development and weakens social solidarity.

We have not looked at the root causes of corruption and how it can be reduced.
While a few lone voices have suggested legal reforms or reforming the electoral
system -- all important components in reducing corruption -- a greater part of
the solution is much simpler, but much more significant: increasing economic
freedom in Israel.

A simple scan of Transparency International's latest Corruption Perspectives
Index and the Fraser Institute's Economic Freedom of the World report
(disclosure: JIMS is the Israel partner for the report) shows that those
countries with the least incidence of corruption are also the most economically
free.

While this may be news to most Israelis, it has long been known by economists
and political scientists that bloated governments and too much government
regulation cause corruption. According to a report by the International Monetary
Fund (IMF), "much public corruption can be traced to government intervention in
the economy; policies aimed at liberalization, stabilization, deregulation, and
privatization can sharply reduce the opportunities for rent-seeking behavior and
corruption."

According to the IMF, when government regulation is pervasive (as in Israel),
people are tempted to offer bribes and officials are tempted to accept them. The
IMF report states, "Studies have shown that a very open economy is significantly
associated with lower corruption. In other words, countries tend to be less
corrupt when their trade is relatively free of government restrictions that
corrupt officials can abuse."

According to the University of Chicago lecturer Richard Posner, one of the
world's top scholars in the law and economics movement, "corruption flourishes
where the economy is heavily regulated." The Heritage Foundation states that "
corruption does not reflect so much a lack of ethics as it reflects a lack of
economic freedom." According to the institute, "convoluted regulations and weak
rule of law provide ample opportunities for public officials to accept bribes
without punishment. The result is an increasingly unequal society, in terms of
the opportunity to create wealth and improve living standards."

By supporting economic freedom in Israel, and advocating policies that aid
investment, ingenuity, and entrepreneurship, we can help ensure that, besides a
reduction in corruption, there will also be a decline in poverty and greater
economic opportunity.

No, economic freedom is not a panacea. It won't bring world peace or eliminate
poverty, and it will never completely eliminate corruption. No country has 100%
economic freedom. But those countries like Hong Kong, Singapore, Estonia, and
Ireland that have high levels of economic freedom also have more social
solidarity, lower rates of poverty, and less corruption than states that are
less free.

If we are tired of endless news stories of corruption in Israeli politics, there
is something we can do besides turning the page or changing the channel. There
are real policies that we can advocate. Shrinking the size of government and
eliminating excess regulation, besides leading to economic and social progress,
also leads to a decline in corruption.

Haven't we had enough? Don't we deserve better?

Avi Hein is Director of Programs at the Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies,
a non-profit economic policy think tank.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes.co.il - on May
26, 2008

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2008

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             July 27, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Support forming for state corruption-investigating commissiong

BYLINE: By BOB WARNER; warnerb@phillynews.com 215-854-5885

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 569 words


Bipartisan support is coalescing in the state House for a new state commission
with authority to investigate corruption in local and state government.

The proposal for a so-called "Public Integrity Commission" was developed by
state Rep. Curt Schroder, a veteran Chester County Republican, after scandals in
Harrisburg, where legislative leaders allegedly used tax dollars to pay campaign
workers, and in Luzerne County, where two judges allegedly took kickbacks to
send kids to private detention facilities.

The proposed commission has quickly secured backing from about 20 lawmakers in
both parties and an assortment of good-government groups, including Common
Cause/Pennsylvania, the League of Women Voters and Democracy Rising.

Within hours of a kickoff news conference yesterday on Independence Mall, the
proposal drew two more endorsements - an enthusiastic embrace from the
Democratic candidate for governor, Dan Onorato, and more tentative support from
his Republican opponent, state Attorney General Tom Corbett, whose spokesman
said that he likes the idea but wants a closer look at the details.

As described by Schroder, the commission would be a permanent investigative
agency, staffed by law-enforcement personnel, to take over the current duties of
the state Ethics Commission with expanded powers "to root out and prevent public
corruption at all levels of government."

It would have no authority to prosecute public officials. Those decisions would
rest with county prosecutors, the state attorney general and U. S. attorneys in
the state's western, eastern and middle districts.

But the new commission would have power to issue subpoenas, share investigative
information with other law-enforcement agencies and use grants of immunity to
compel testimony from reluctant witnesses, Schroder said.

"They will have the full investigative powers as other law enforcement agencies
have right now," Schroder said, " . . . but much greater ability to delve into
public corruption and do this on a full-time basis."

He estimated the cost of the new agency at $4 million a year - roughly double
the current expenses of the Ethics Commission - but suggested that corruption is
costing taxpayers much more.

The proposal has no realistic prospect of passage in the remaining weeks of the
current two-year session, to run out at the end of November, Schroder
acknowledged. But he was introducing and promoting the bill, he said, to build
up public pressure for the next legislative session, starting in January.

Six co-sponsors joined Schroder at yesterday's news conference - Reps. John
Yudichak, D-Luzerne; Mike Vereb, R-Montgomery; Eugene DePasquale, D-York; Kate
Harper, R-Montgomery; Bryan Lentz, D-Delaware; and Mike O'Brien, D-Philadelphia
- the only trace of the city's legislative delegation.

Schroder said that he'd received critical advice from two former members of the
Pennsylvania Crime Commission - Temple Law professor Charles Rogovin and writer
Allen Hornblum.

The Crime Commission, created in 1968, focused much of its attention on
organized crime but occasionally dealt with other issues, including Philadelphia
police corruption.

The commission's probe of ties between then-state Attorney General Ernie Preate
and gambling figures in northeastern Pennsylvania spurred a federal probe that
put Preate in prison for mail fraud - but also led the legislature to shut down
the agency in 1994, Hornblum said.


LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                            November 8, 2005 Tuesday

LA to receive federal funding to fight corruption through Metro Crime Commission

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 166 words


Sen. David Vitter, R-Metairie, announced today the final conference report to
the Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations Bill included $250,000 in
federal funding to fight corruption in Louisiana through the Metropolitan Crime
Commission. "We have to face the challenge of ending our legacy of corruption
and cronyism. The work of the Metropolitan Crime Commission is helping change
that perception," said Vitter. "The right actions over time can change the way
people view Louisiana politics. And by doing so, we'll foster a new, healthier
environment for business development and job growth in Louisiana."The
Metropolitan Crime Commission will use the money to continue the Watchdog
Corruption Hotline, an avenue for the public to report instances of government
waste, corruption, mismanagement and unethical behavior. The Senate and House of
Representatives are expected to approve the final conference report this week
before it is sent to the president for his signature.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Caught up in the machinery; Illinois Governor up on charges of corruption, mail
and wire fraud

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Canwest News Service; With files from wire services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 1113  words


RodBlagojevichbecame Governor of Illinois pledging to end the "business as
usual" politics that had plagued Chicago politics. Three previous governors had
been jailed for taking bribes in a state known for its culture of machine
politics and corruption.

But yesterday he followed in the footsteps of his predecessors -- becoming the
fourth of the past seven governors elected in Illinois to be arrested.

"If [Illinois] isn't the most corrupt state in the United States, it's certainly
one hell of a competitor," said Patrick Fitzgerald, the U. S. attorney in
Chicago. "The breadth of corruption laid out in these charges is staggering.
They allege that Blagojevich put a 'for sale' sign on the naming of a United
States senator."

Mr. Blagojevich was charged in a "political corruption crime spree" that federal
prosecutors say included an elaborate scheme to sell or trade Barack Obama's
vacant Senate seat in exchange for an appointment as a U. S. ambassador or a
position in the president-elect's Cabinet.

Like many successful Chicagoans, Mr. Blagojevich built himself up from humble
beginnings. Mr. Blagojevich-- who celebrates his 52nd birthday today -- was born
the son of a Serbian immigrant father who worked at a steelworks and a mother
who worked as a ticket-taker for the Chicago Transit Authority.

He worked shining shoes and later as a dishwasher on the Alaskan pipeline to
help pay for his education at Northwestern University. The Golden Gloves boxer
then went to Pepperdine Law School and worked as a Cook County Assistant State's
Attorney, prosecuting domestic abuse cases and felony weapons charges.

He got his start in politics through his father-in-law, and in 1992 was elected
to the Illinois House. From 1996 to 2002 he was elected to the U. S. House of
Representatives. In 2003, he became Governor of Illinois and under Illinois law,
the governor is solely responsible for naming a successor when a Senate seat is
vacated.

Yesterday's affidavit reveals that in a series of court-authorized wiretapped
conversations, Mr. Blagojevich was heard discussing ways to use his power to win
a job as Mr. Obama's health secretary, an ambassador's posting or appointment to
a $300,000-a-year position with a non-profit group or national union. The
alleged plot, which unfolded in the days immediately after the U. S. election,
also included plans to get his wife named to high-paying corporate
directorships.

Mr. Blagojevich and his chief of staff, John Harris, face charges of conspiracy
to commit mail and wire fraud and solicitation of bribery. The governor, serving
his second term in office, has been under federal investigation for several
years over alleged "pay to play" schemes that involved providing political
favours in exchange for financial contributions.

Revelations about the alleged plot involving Mr. Obama's vacant seat were
captured in several conversations, recorded through wiretaps of the governor's
home and office, that Mr. Blagojevich had with his chief of staff, a deputy
governor, his wife and several aides and political consultants.

"I've got this [power] and it's f****** golden, and, uh, uh, I'm just not giving
it up for f****** nothing," he is quoted as saying in a 76-page affidavit sworn
by FBI agent Daniel Cain.

Mr. Blagojevich repeatedly muses that he might appoint himself to the U. S.
Senate if he could not secure a deal with Mr. Obama.

Six potential Senate candidates -- all unnamed in the affidavit -- were
discussed in calls and conversations held as recently as last week, when Mr.
Blagojevich learned through reports in the Chicago Tribune that his private
conversations were being secretly taped by the FBI. Several people have been
mentioned as potential successors to Mr. Obama. They include Illinois
Representative Jesse Jackson Jr., who served as a national co-chairman of Mr.
Obama's campaign, longtime Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett, Illinois State Sen.
Emil Jones and Tammy Duckworth, an Iraq veteran.

The charges against Mr. Blagojevich provide an unwanted distraction for Mr.
Obama as he prepares to assume power on Jan. 20. Mr. Obama said he was "saddened
and sobered" by the news of Mr. Blagojevich's arrest. "I had no contact with the
governor or his office, and so I was not aware of what was happening," Mr. Obama
said.

Speaking later at a news conference, Mr. Fitzgerald said, "The complaint makes
no allegations about the president-elect whatsoever."

Mr. Fitzgerald, who gained international renown with his prosecutions of
Canadian media baron Conrad Black and White House aide Lewis ''Scooter'' Libby,
said Mr. Blagojevich's "conduct would make Lincoln roll over in his grave" and
was appalling even by the historically corrupt nature of Illinois politics.

The charges against Mr. Blagojevich also deal with alleged efforts to engineer
the firing of the Chicago Tribune's editorial board -- which has written
unfavourably about the governor --in exchange for providing the newspaper's
parent company help in the sale of Wrigley Field.

Mr. Blagojevich also allegedly withheld US$8-million in funding for a children's
hospital while trying to leverage a political contribution from its chief
executive officer.

The charges are expected to cast a cloud on Mr. Blagojevich's ambitions. He has
repeatedly talked about becoming president and harboured ambitions to run for
the job in 2016.

---------

WHAT HE SAI D

Excerpts from the 76-page federal affidavit charging Rod Blagojevich and his
chief of staff, John Harris, with fraud and bribery.

In one call on Nov. 3, Mr. Blagojevich allegedly muses on the possibility of
appointing himself to the Senate seat vacated by president-elect Barack Obama.
"I'm going to keep this Senate option for me a real possibility, you know, and
therefore I can drive a hard bargain. You hear what I'm saying. And if I don't
get what I want and I'm not satisfied with it, then I'll just take the Senate
seat myself." Later, he stated the Senate seat "is a f****** valuable thing, you
just don't give it away for nothing."

In one call, Mr. Blagojevich allegedly said he knew the president-elect wanted
"Senate Candidate 1" but "they're not willing to give me anything except
appreciation. F*** them."

In a Nov. 10 call, Mr. Blagojevitch, who had two years left as Governor,
allegedly said consultants were telling him he had to "suck it up" for two years
and do nothing and give this "mother****** [the presidentelect] his senator."

"F*** him. For nothing? F*** him." He said he would put Senate Candidate 4 in
the Senate "before I just give f****** Senate Candidate 1 a f****** Senate seat
and I don't get anything."

In another call he said he was hurting "financially" and stated, "I want to make
money."

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images; Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, who
was taken into federal custody yesterday, allegedly tried to sell U. S.
president-elect Barack Obama's Senate seat. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Texas: Carrots, Corruption & Compliance

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



   In part one of a two-part interview, Frank Brown, Value Chain and Anti-
Corruption Program Team Leader at the Center for International Private
Enterprise (CIPE), addresses a CIPE paper "Anti-Corruption Compliance, A Guide
for Mid-Sized Companies in Emerging Markets." In this interview, Frank addresses
the 'carrots' which can help organizations, even in low integrity regions,
embrace anti-corruption compliance as their entry into the global supply chain.





 In this fourteen minute interview, Frank traces his work from Moscow Bureau
Chief for Newsweek Magazine to an Anti-Corruption leader and his first-hand view
of corruption issues in his work, focusing upon:



 * How we can utilize a 'carrots over sticks' approach, to incentivize small to
medium size businesses in emerging markets to embrace ethical and compliant
business practices.



 * The need to better assist and support small to medium sized enterprises in
emerging markets to understand and embrace anti-corruption laws.



 * How to elevate the importance of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws down
the supply chain, even in low integrity regions.



 * How the FCPA and global anti-corruption acts have set a standard of business
practice that holds great sway in global markets.



 * How the 'status quo' wins, if large multinationals don't lend support to
potential partners in emerging markets.



 * How we can get smaller enterprises in frontier markets beyond a 'box
checking' mentality by making anti-bribery compliance a 'selling point' and
hence, making them a 'magnet' to other multinationals.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 26, 2010 Thursday

Valley Times Aug. 26 Letters from our readers

BYLINE: Letters from our readers Valley Times

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 840 words


Refine democracy

History informs us that great civilizations have been destroyed as they failed
to check corruption in government. A government can best pursue its ideals and
goals when it commands the confidence and loyalty of its people. Public
confidence is damaged most by the public perception of corruption in government.

Government is both power of its people and power over its people. Misuse of
power is corruption. Susceptibility to misuse of power is a human weakness.
People with a noble ambition of fighting corruption, themselves, fall into the
same trap when they gain power.

After centuries of struggle, democratic government has been evolved offering
freedom and opportunities to the citizens. However, certain democratic rights
allow the powerful more opportunity for corruption. Thus, democratic systems are
more vulnerable to self-destruction.

Democratic systems may be protected by zero tolerance for corruption in
government by closely defining the "DON'TS" of all public positions, from
viewpoints of perception and practice; requiring all those who choose public
service to first voluntarily forego the rights that do not permit easy and quick
action against corrupt operations; instituting a warning system that may precede
any criminal proceedings; summary trials for quick results; exemplary punishment
for injury to public trust; and encouraging and protecting the identity of
whistle-blowers.

T.S. Khanna

Alamo

Happy talkers

We thank the community of volunteers who supported the "Happy Talkers Community
Outreach," giving immediate help, reassurance and hope for hundreds of parents
and their children throughout the Bay Area. The Outreach is the largest and most
comprehensive of its kind in California.

Specialists donated their time to provide more than 300 free developmental
screenings. These experts included pediatricians from Palo Alto Medical,
Tri-Valley Pediatrics, Dr. Deborah Sedberry, speech and occupational therapists,
developmental specialists, psychologists and audiologists, all connected by
Internet donated by Comcast. On-site, they collaborated with Regional Center,
Autism Speaks, Axis Community Health, Stanford Autism Center and Lucile Packard
Children's Hospital.

Rep. Jerry McNerney, D-Pleasanton, Dublin Mayor Tim Sbranti and former Mayor
Janet Lockhart broke from their hectic schedules to participate.

Our hosts, Discovery Homes, partners Black Tie Transportation, Child Care Links,
Cobalt Equipment, Royal Restrooms, together with volunteers from Pleasanton
North Rotary, Dublin Lions, IEWC, and Dublin/Pleasanton Soroptimists, ensured
the Outreach was successful.

Delicious lunches and treats were donated by Ovation Foods, Trader Joe's, Mimi's
Cafe, FJL Too, Dreyer's, Meadowlark Dairy, Peet's, Cheese-Steak Shop and the
Lockhart family. Magicians Roy and Zappo entertained the children between
screenings.

On behalf of all the families, thank you!

Charlene Sigman

Dublin School of Imagination

Avoiding the truth

Ken Hambrick believes that human activity plays no part in global warming. In
2007, hundreds of scientists at the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
concluded with 90 percent certainty that human-generated greenhouse gasses
account for most of the global temperature rise over the past half century.

In 2009, the University of Illinois survey of worldwide climatologists who are
active in research found that 97 percent agreed that human activity is a
significant factor in global climate change.

Since scientific disagreement, therefore, is almost a nonissue, why are people
such as Hambrick and millions of others in denial? Maybe because the American
people are being fooled by a campaign of disinformation funded by Exxon Corp,
spread by the American Enterprise Institute and using the same PR firms who told
us for decades that there was no link between tobacco and cancer.

Then again, maybe denial is just a safe psychological defense to avoid facing a
very troubling truth.

Andy Peterson

Dublin

Bad photo choice

I was shocked and disgusted to see the photo of two elderly women kissing on the
front page of the Times on Aug. 5.

As a former journalist and editor with a degree in journalism, I find it hard to
believe that this huge photo appeared on the front page our 'hometown " paper
where everyone ( including young children) was exposed to it in the privacy of
their homes.

When I was in journalism school, we were taught that photos of this nature were
not acceptable on the front page of a local paper.

I understand a newspaper's goal is to present the news and I have no objection
to doing that, but do it with taste. Several people I have spoken with have
voiced the same opinion -- no matter if they agreed with Proposition 8 or not.

I care about not offending people. I feel this was not a responsible choice for
your readers.

This was enough to make me want to cancel my subscription to the Times.

I hope in the future I can feel comfortable about your newspaper lying on my
coffee table for all to see. I don't feel that way now.

Please clean up your act.

Jan Gerard

Danville

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

Public corruption: State, fed leaders, including Rick Perry, U.S. Sen. John
Cornyn, yet to return donations

BYLINE: Zahira Torres, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1012 words


Feb. 06--AUSTIN -- Several state and federal lawmakers who received more than
$100,000 in campaign contributions from an El Paso businessman convicted on
public corruption charges have not donated the money to charities as they said
they would.

U.S. Sen. John Cornyn and Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, both Republicans, have
donated a portion of the old campaign contributions -- about $15,000 -- they
received from Robert "Bob" Jones to charity. The remaining contributions to
politicians that included Republican Gov. Rick Perry and U.S. Rep. Silvestre
Reyes, D-Texas, are still in limbo.

The lawmakers told the El Paso Times two months ago that they would consider
giving away campaign contributions they received from Jones for past elections
because of his conviction last year. Politicians often shed contributions from
tainted donors but they are not required to do so by law.

Perry was the largest recipient of campaign contributions from Jones with at
least $80,000 between September 2002 and October 2005.

Officials with his campaign, who in December were alerted by the El Paso Times
of Jones' conviction and were reviewing the situation, said in an interview last
week they would begin disbursing the money to charities out of his state
campaign account. The account had nearly $2.5 million in it at the end of 2011,
according to the latest campaign finance reports.

"The checks haven't been cut yet but they will be," said campaign spokesman Ray
Sullivan.

Sullivan said he would not

release a list of the charities that will benefit from the donations until the
campaign sends out the checks. He did not offer a precise timeline for the
distribution of money.

"I think it will happen quickly," Sullivan said. "To be perfectly honest, the
campaign organization was somewhat distracted in the last few weeks."

Perry dropped out of the Republican primary race for president late last month
after poor debate performances eroded support. The governor's decision to donate
to charity old contributions from Jones will mark one of the largest
dispositions of tainted campaign money in U.S. history.

Jones' donations to the candidates took place before he was indicted and
sentenced to 10 years in prison for pleading guilty to charges that included
fraud and bribery. His role as the president and CEO of the National Center for
Employment of the Disabled and as one of the leaders of the Access HealthSource
enterprise made him a well-respected member of the El Paso business community.

But in late 2005, the federal government began investigating allegations that
NCED was not fulfilling a requirement it had to primarily employ blind and
disabled people in order to get and keep no-bid contracts. The FBI later accused
Jones of offering campaign contributions from the late 1990s through 2006 to
local school board members and county commissioners to secure favorable votes.

There have been no allegations that the votes of state and federal candidates
were influenced by contributions from Jones.

Dewhurst, now running for U.S. Senate, has donated $10,000 of the $22,500 he
received from Jones between December 2001 and October 2003. That donation,
according to Dewhurst's campaign, went to the Heidi Group's "Help the Hungry"
drive in Dallas in December. Dew-hurst has in the past donated money to the
anti-abortion nonprofit organization for food and clothing drives at Christmas.

The money came out of Dewhurst's federal campaign account instead of the state
account to which Jones contributed. Dewhurst's campaign said it is working to
rectify the mix-up so that the money is taken out of his state account, which
had $1 million as of December, according to reports.

Campaign spokesman Matt Hirsch said the remaining $12,500 would be divvied out
to various charities by the end of February.

"The committee is currently in the process of distributing the remaining total
of Mr. Jones' contributions to other charities in Texas, including El Paso,"
Hirsch said.

Cornyn's office said he donated $5,100 he got directly from Jones to Big
Brothers Big Sisters two days after the El Paso Times ran its story. Cornyn
received a total of about $12,000 from Jones and his immediate family, which
included his underage children.

Asked why the campaign chose only to return the contributions that came directly
from Jones and not his wife or children, spokeswoman Megan Mitchell said the
office's policy is to donate to charity funds that were received from
individuals who were convicted or who plead guilty to a crime.

Reyes said he plans to rid his campaign account of any funds he received from
Jones or his relatives but he did not offer a timeline for donating the money to
charity.

Jones and his immediate family, including his underage children, gave about
$18,500 through 2004 to Reyes' campaign. Reyes gave $3,500 of that money to the
U.S. Department of Treasury in 2009.

Reyes said in a statement that he is working with the Federal Election
Commission and the Department of Justice to purge his account of any funds that
"may be remotely connected" to Jones or his family for past elections. Reyes had
$246,800 in his campaign account at the end of 2011.

"Should any money contributed to my account by Mr. Jones or family members still
remain, I will donate it to a local charity or take the appropriate action as
directed by the Federal Elections Commission and the Department of Justice,"
Reyes said in a statement.

Reyes' leading opponent in the Democratic primary race for Congress, former El
Paso city Rep. Robert "Beto" O'Rourke, has said he no longer has the $500 Jones
donated to his campaign in 2006.

O'Rourke said he donated more than the amount received from Jones to various El
Paso nonprofits from his City Council campaign, though he has acknowledged that
those donations were not made specifically in an effort to dispose of the
contribution from Jones.

Zahira Torres may be reached at ztorres@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120206-EY-Public-corruption
-State-fed-leaders-including-Rick-Perry-U-S-Sen-John-Cornyn-yet-to-return-donati
ons-0206-20120206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           December 8, 2005 Thursday

Editorial | Penn's Landing and the Corruption Probe A harbor for cronyism

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A26

LENGTH: 650 words


To some, the deals at issue in the widening Philadelphia City Hall corruption
scandal have seemed a bit penny-ante: a printing contract here, an airport
concession there, some bond work.

The sleazy greed displayed on FBI wiretaps was distressing, to be sure. But, to
some, the wheeling and dealing didn't seem to touch on the big-picture duties of
a city government.

Well, is Penn's Landing a big enough deal for you?

Leonard N. Ross, former law partner of Mayor Street and head of his first
transition team, has agreed to plead guilty to corruption and bribery charges.

In his first term, Street gave Ross the plum assignment of leading the effort to
sift through competing development proposals for Penn's Landing, the ill-starred
but vital center of Philadelphia's Delaware riverfront.

Ross has now admitted, in essence, that he used that post to seek personal
financial favors from people involved in the competition, as well as to drum up
contributions to Street's reelection campaign.

The field of seven eventually was trimmed to two, Brandywine Realty Trust and
Tower Investments. According to the U.S. attorney's criminal filing, Ross sought
favors from representatives of both firms, and gave inside information to one.
(Neither firm has been implicated in wrongdoing.)

Apparently, Ross didn't feel that the $120,000-plus per year he garnered from a
Florida law firm by trafficking in his closeness to the mayor was a sufficient
feasting at the trough.

No, Ross just had to mess around with Penn's Landing. This civic gathering spot,
for all its design flaws, is treasured by many in the community and was crucial
to Street's larger, admirable goal of reconnecting Philadelphia to its lost
Delaware riverfront.

Last year, Street rejected both finalists, saying the public subsidies both
sought for their bloated projects were too large. This call was, in fact, right
on the merits. But, thanks to Ross, the cynical will forever suspect that the
mayor's real motive was to distance himself from a corrupted process being
probed by the feds.

Ross' betrayal of the public trust runs deep. Here's why: In 2003, Penn's
Landing became the topic of a rare flowering of timely, well-informed citizen
input into a major development decision, in a town where the back-room deal
sprung on an unsuspecting public has been the norm.

First, the mayor invited public input on what should be done with the
troublesome site. Then, a civic partnership involving the Design Advocacy Group,
the University of Pennsylvania and The Inquirer convened the Penn's Landing
Forums, a series of events at which more than 500 citizens gathered. The
citizens learned what other cities had done well with their riverfronts. They
drafted seven "principles" that any project at Penn's Landing should uphold.
They worked with top Philadelphia architects and planners, who volunteered their
time to create three different visions for Penn's Landing.

The city included the Penn's Landing Principles in the specifications given to
would-be developers. None of their proposals was great. The Brandywine project
probably came the closest to the principles, which talked about issues such as
preserving public space and fixing Penn's Landing's problematic links to Center
City. Bart Blatstein, head of Tower Investments, certainly made a good-faith
effort to respond to the public input. But, in rejecting the plans, Street
honored the advice he'd received from an informed public.

Penn's Landing should have become a model for how good civic process can propel
good decisions by City Hall. Now, thanks to Leonard Ross, it becomes another
emblem of the cronyism and petty greed that taint Philadelphia's reputation.

That shouldn't be the legacy of the Penn's Landing dialogue. The legacy should
be a smart, comprehensive plan for the entire riverfront, into which a
right-sized Penn's Landing project someday could fit.

It's a shame. A criminal shame.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 11, 2015 Monday

BOB MCDONNELL'S CORRUPTION APPEAL TO BE HEARD BY THE JUDGES

LENGTH: 206  words


Former Gov. Bob McDonnell's mission to clear his name of 11 federal corruption
convictions leads to the second-floor Butzner Courtroom of the Lewis F. Powell
Jr. U.S. Courthouse where his appeal is to be argued before three judges of the
4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. The location is just across Bank Street from
Capitol Square, where McDonnell lived and worked as Virginia's 70th governor.


The proceeding could include eloquent exhortations from lawyers and tough
questions from judges, if not add a great deal of substance to an appeal that
has generated an avalanche of documents from McDonnell and groups supporting
him, and from the government.
The arguments may, however, offer a peek into how the judges view the case,
Bellin said. "It will be especially interesting to see whether the judges'
questioning focuses on the implications for this case on future public
corruption prosecutions. Or if the focus is more narrowly on the law as applied
to the facts of this case," he said.
Each side can appeal the panel's ruling to the full appeals court and to the
U.S. Supreme Court. The Richmond-based 4th Circuit serves Maryland, West
Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina in addition to Virginia. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 March 23, 1992

BRAZIL SACKS OUTSPOKEN MINISTER

BYLINE: JAN ROCHA IN SAO PAULO

SECTION: FOREIGN; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 447 words


JUST days after accusing Brazil's official environment agency of corruption and
advising rich countries not to give money to the corrupt Third World government,
Jose Lutzenberger, the environment secretary, has lost his job.

Announcing President Fernando Collor's decision to dismiss his controversial
secretary only two months before the UN environmental summit in Rio, an official
note at the weekend said the aim was "to ensure there is only one line of
thinking and action in environmental protection policy".

In Sao Paulo however an experienced environmentalist said: "He's gone because
he's no use any more to the government. They needed Lutzenberger's credibility
to get money."

The new environment secretary is Jose Goldemberg the present minister of
education, who will hold the post on an interim basis until the UN conference in
June is over.

Mr Goldemberg said at a news conference that he would order an immediate
investigation into the accusations of corruption at Ibama, the government
environment agency.

In New York, speaking at the preparatory meeting for the UN summit, Mr
Lutzenberger had said that Ibama was a nest of thieves and corruption and a mere
subsidiary of the logging companies. All logging operations in Brazil must be
authorised by Ibama, and timber companies are supposed by law to replant six
trees for each one felled, a practice rarely obeyed. Mr Lutzenberger said that
Ibama had been handing out blank authorisation forms to the loggers.

These accusations are not new and the environment secretary himself was
ultimately responsible for what went on at Ibama, but because of his aversion to
administration during his two years in office he failed to stop illegal logging.

According to Orlando Valverde, a geographer who has studied the Amazon region
for more than 30 years, the data that Brazil will present at the Rio summit on
deforestation will be misleading because the satellite surveys fail to show the
selected logging that goes on under the rainforest canopy.

But the dismissal of Mr Lutzenberger, who was chosen because of his Green
credentials to bring credibility to the Brazilian government's much criticised
environmental policy, is a gamble for Mr Collor.

Mr Goldemberg, a nuclear physicist, made it clear in his first news conference
that the government will continue with the policy of sustainable development
where possible. But he also the government "will not give up the right to
development". This could mean that the exit of Mr Lutzenberger will be greeted
as a victory by those who want to develop the Amazon at all costs rather than
preserve it through sustainable development.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                      July 8, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Corruption riddles New York police; Inquiry says drug- dealing rogue cops acted
like gangs

BYLINE: MARK TRAN; THE GUARDIAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 593 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


An ugly portrait of New York's police emerged yesterday when an inquiry into
police corruption described rogue cops behaving like street gangs, rampaging
through black and Hispanic neighborhoods, beating up suspects, snorting,
stealing and dealing in drugs, and an internal investigation system which is a
shambles.

One officer from the Bronx's 46th precinct told investigators how he and various
members of his "crew" or group routinely robbed drug locations and beat up local
residents as well as suspected criminals. In another precinct, groups of
officers would meet in a local store to drink, use cocaine and avoid their
duties.

In a devastating report on the New York Police Department, the Mollen
Commission, named after former judge Milton Mollen, found that corruption took
on a highly organized form at the most rotten precincts, usually located in
poorer neighborhoods - Harlem and the East Village in Manhattan and the
Brownsville and East New York sections of Brooklyn.

The delinquent officers would organize themselves into crews of 12 or more and
use the resources of the police department to achieve their goals.

"They use the police radio network and code names to mount and co- ordinate
operations. They often use department equipment to force entry. They manipulate
fellow officers, their supervisors and the courts to their advantage. And they
fuel each other's corruption through their eagerness to prove their loyalty and
toughness to one another," the five-member commission stated in a scathing
report, the climax of a two-year investigation.

'The pool'

Although it notes that most of New York's 31,000 police officers are honest, the
corruption depicted in the commission's report has reached an alarming level.

The 75th precinct, for example, had a meeting place, known as "the pool" - an
isolated inlet - where the now infamous Michael Dowd and as many as 15 officers
from his crew would gather while on duty to drink, shoot and meet their
girlfriends. After identifying drug sites and planning raids, the officers would
enter and loot drug trafficking centres, sharing the gains according to an
agreed system.

It was Dowd's arrest in 1992 that led former mayor David Dinkins to ask Mollen
to begin a corruption inquiry into the city's police department.

Officer Dowd, now facing sentencing on drug charges, snorted cocaine on the
dashboard of his patrol car and made $ 8,000 a week selling drugs and
protection. Over six years, the NYPD received numerous complaints about Dowd -
who drove to work in a bright red Corvette and had a limousine drive him to
Atlantic City for gambling trips.

But he and others got away with their behavior because of a police culture that
frowns on cops "ratting" on each other, the Mollen commission concluded, coming
down hard on the NYPD's internal policing mechanisms.

The force's Department of Internal Affairs was suspected by officers of
effectively sabotaging investigations by leaking the identity of whistle-blowers
so that they became the focus of the inquiry.

To break the 20-year cycle of corruption that plagues the NYPD, the Mollen
Commission recommends the creation of a permanent external police panel to
assess the department's anti-corruption efforts and carry out its own
investigations.

But Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and Police Commissioner William Bratton have shown
little enthusiasm for such a watchdog. The mayor favors having his own
Department of Investigation do the job and Bratton opposes any outside monitor
with investigative clout.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Stephen Stetler files for re-argument of corruption charges

BYLINE: Rick Lee, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words


July 28--Update July 28, 2014: Stetler has filed for re-argument in Superior
Court of his public corruption charges.

Check back later for details.

Previous report, June 2014

The Pennsylvania Superior Court has denied former state Rep. Stephen Stetler's
appeal of his public corruption conviction.

A Dauphin County jury found Stetler, 64, of York, guilty on June 27, 2012 of
conflict of interest, four counts of theft and criminal conspiracy.

The charges pertained to 2004 through 2006 when Stetler was the chairman of the
House Democratic Campaign Committee. The HDCC provides fundraising and
campaigning for House members, but it is privately funded and is barred from
using legislative -- taxpayer -- money.

Stetler, who has since served his time, was sentenced to 18 to 60 months in
county prison and ordered to make $466,621 in restitution for the misuse of
House caucus employees for Democratic campaign purposes.

The Superior Court heard argument in Stetler's appeal on April 1 in Centre
County.

In its ruling released Tuesday, a three-justice panel said it adopted the
opinion of Stetler's trial judge, President Judge Todd Hoover, who, as required,
supplied the Superior Court with his opinion of the appeal issues.

Hoover had addressed -- and rejected -- all of Stetler's appeal issues, which
included argument that there was a lack of evidence to sustain conviction on the
charges and that Hoover "met with the jury outside the presence" of the
prosecution and defense and "gave examples that were prejudicial to (Stetler),
including making a statement that (Stetler) knew that certain conduct was
wrong."

The Superior Court panel wrote, "After careful review, we conclude that the
Honorable Todd A. Hoover ... has applied the pertinent legal principles of such
cases to the detailed facts he references in his ... opinion -- facts which we
need not repeat."

The appellate panel said Hoover "correctly rejected" each appeal issue and
called his opinion of the appeal "comprehensive and well-reasoned."

Stetler's attorney, Barbara Zemlock, did not respond to a request for comment.

Avenues of appeal that remain for Stetler include a request to appeal to the
state Supreme Court and a claim of ineffective counsel, an argument that would
be heard by Hoover.

Contact Rick Lee at 717-495-1782.

--Stetler guilty on all charges

--Former York State Rep. Stephen Stetler gets 18 to 60 months

--Stephen Stetler begins serving sentence in York County Prison

--Former state Rep. Stephen Stetler released from prison

___ (c)2014 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140728-YO-Stephen-Stetler-files-for-re-argument-of-corruption
-charges-0728-20140728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2014 York Daily Record


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             May 13, 2006 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Corruption tears at democratic fabric In 2004-05, more than 1,060
government officials -- at all levels -- were convicted of corruption. The
problem affects more than just Washington.

SECTION: Pg. C-13

LENGTH: 446 words


The bribery scandal that shot down Vietnam air ace and former Congressman Duke
Cunningham may be spreading beyond Congress: The feds are gathering evidence on
Kyle Foggo, outgoing No. 3 man at the CIA.

Foggo, whose boss, CIA Director Porter Goss, quit abruptly May 5, is being
investigated by the FBI and the CIA inspector general to see if he improperly
awarded contracts to San Diego businessman and friend Brent Wilkes. His home and
office were searched Friday.

The inquiry stems from the case of Cunningham, who was sentenced to more than
eight years in federal prison after pleading guilty to accepting millions in
bribes from military contractors.

Also last week, the scandal surrounding disgraced former lobbyist Jack Abramoff
resurfaced when the former top aide to Rep. Bob Ney, R-Ohio, pleaded guilty to
conspiracy charges. Ney has not been charged, but he has been described in court
papers as receiving gifts and travel from Abramoff.

One would like to think of these cases as isolated, inside-the-Beltway
aberrations. But, unfortunately, they may be the tip of a national iceberg.

Since 2001, the FBI has stepped up public-corruption investigations. As The New
York Times reported last week, the government has launched more than 2,000
public-corruption cases that run up and down the political scale.

In 2004 and 2005 alone, more than 1,060 government employees and officials at
all levels, including 177 federal officials, 158 state officials, 360 local
officials and 365 police officers were convicted of corruption, according to FBI
numbers.

As FBI Director Robert Mueller noted, the bureau doesn't care if a crooked
official is a Republican or a Democrat. Last week, a Louisville, Ky.,
businessman pleaded guilty to paying more than $400,000 in bribes to Rep.
William J. Jefferson, D-La., who has denied taking payments for favors. And Gov.
Ernie Fletcher, R-Ky., was indicted Thursday on state misdemeanor charges of
criminal conspiracy and official misconduct for allegedly hiring his cronies.

Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan was convicted last month of 18 counts of
steering state business to supporters and misusing state resources. A former top
aide was sentenced this week for his role in the scheme.

Colorado isn't immune: Last year, motor vehicle employees were charged with
illegally selling commercial and regular driver's licenses to unqualified
persons. Last week, the co-founder of an Adams County charter school was slapped
with 14 charges of embezzling $72,000 in school funds.

As Mueller noted, ``public corruption tears the fabric of a democratic society''
and leads to distrust of government, and there's already too much of that going
around these days.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 8, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Break the Police Corruption Cycle

SECTION: Section A;  Page 26;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 613 words


New York City is aswirl with police news -- the Mollen Commission report, the
Mayor's plan to crack down on "quality-of-life" offenses, the debate over how to
prevent sexual assaults in municipal swimming pools. Of course, the findings of
the Mollen Commission, coming after two years of investigation, claimed the
bigger headlines, but all the police news is connected in one sense. The city
and its new administration face a watershed opportunity to reform the Police
Department.

The Mollen Commission has turned up story after story of rogue cops who peddled
guns and drugs or sold protection, openly profiting from the brutality that
besieges the city's most desperate neighborhoods. In such neighborhoods, it
rings hollow to talk about quality-of-life crimes when the police have shredded
the social fabric by committing felonies in plain sight.

For that reason, the commission's final report must command the attention of all
New Yorkers and especially Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and Police Commissioner
William Bratton. The report describes a department whose chain of command has
all but broken down. The brass practiced a deliberate "blindness" with respect
to packs of predatory cops who ran wild in the city's poorest neighborhoods. The
Internal Affairs Division, the report said, "often minimized and even concealed
corruption."

Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Bratton may be inclined to run, but they cannot hide, from
the hard central historical fact illustrated by this and and other commissions
dating back to 1896. The city needs an outside force, whether an independent
special prosecutor or the investigatory commission recommended by Mr. Mollen, to
take over the fight against corruption. The lesson of history is clear: To turn
the problem back over to the Internal Affairs Division is to continue the
feckless cycle of corruption that diminishes temporarily and surges once the
commission-of-the-day is out of business.

This page has favored an independent prosecutor working with -- but not
dependent on -- a beefed-up Internal Affairs Division. But the Mollen proposal
for a permanent five-member police commission appointed by the mayor would also
be acceptable. Mayor Giuliani's statement that he has "an open mind" is
encouraging.

The Mayor's chance to bring improvements in quality-of-life enforcement depends
in large measure on his willingness to adopt the Mollen proposals. Mr. Giuliani
may have wanted to deflect attention from the report by choosing this moment to
announce his crackdown on prostitution, panhandling, public drunkenness and
public urination. But the war on corruption and the drive to give New York more
livable streets can go hand in glove.

Clearly Mr. Giuliani is responding to a political demand for a different, more
wholesome street life in New York. His proposals have worked in a trial run in
the West Village.

But putting beat cops into play against drugs and prostitution raises the risk
of more in-the-ranks corruption. The Mollen Commission findings show how
deployment of inexperienced officers in drug, alcohol and morals investigations
feeds corruption in the first place.

So the smart thing to do is seize the commission's report as the opportunity to
break the cycle of disclosure and continued corruption that has dogged the
N.Y.P.D. for a century. That in turn can allow Mr. Giuliani to press his
campaign for safer, cleaner streets with a police force that operates under real
safeguards against racial discrimination and corruption. The payoff is that the
thousands of good officers will then have the chance they deserve to win back
the respect squandered by criminal gangs that wore police uniforms.


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Hawaii: Survey Reveals Bribery, Corruption Rife Within PNG

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The majority of Papua New Guineans are paying bribes to get services, a
Transparency International global corruption barometer (GCB) survey has found.

And Transparency International PNG (TIPNG) chairman Lawrence Stephens says that
bribery needed to be stamped out in PNG.

Stephens said in a statement on Friday that 76% of the survey respondents noted
that corruption was a serious problem in the public sector.

"Institutions that people rely on to fight corruption and other crime are not
trusted," he said.

He said most of the respondents said they were asked to pay a bribe when
interacting with key public institutions such as police, registry, permit
services and land services.

"Eighty-five percent of the respondents viewed that the police were the most
affected by corruption," Stephens said.

He said 70% of the respondents said public servants and political parties were
also corrupt while 63% felt the Parliament was also affected by corruption.

"Public institutions, law enforcement agencies and politicians have a lot to do
to regain the trust of the citizens of PNG," Stephens said.

"The GCB shows a crisis of trust and there is a real concern about the capacity
of those institutions responsible for bringing criminals to justice."

He said the Government needed to make sure that there were strong, independent
and well resourced institutions to prevent and redress corruption.

"Too many people are harmed when public services are undermined by corruption."

He said 1,044 people in PNG participated in the survey and nearly half of the
respondents agreed that ordinary citizens had the will to combat the abuse of
power, secret dealings and other forms of corruption.

He said citizens also had a social responsibility to minimizing corruption by
saying no to bribes and reporting an incident of corruption to appropriate
authorities.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 27, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Slot Machines Could Increase the Odds of Corruption

BYLINE: Karin Chenoweth

SECTION: Montgomery Extra; T06 , Homeroom Karin Chenoweth

LENGTH: 1364 words


Today is "Talk Back to Homeroom Day."

The first letter below is one of many reactions I received to the April 22
Homeroom column, in which I wrote that House Speaker Michael E. Busch (D-Anne
Arundel) was a hero because he thwarted the plans of Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr.
(R) and Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr. (D-Calvert) to bring slot
machines to Maryland. Since then, Busch has allowed as how he might agree to
slots, so it's unclear how heroic he will look in a year.

Dear Homeroom:

Education in Maryland benefits greatly from publicly supported gambling. Aside
from horse racing, the lottery provides over $400 million annually to the
general fund (including education). I find it fascinating that you can support
the lottery, though it provides a gambling outlet at corner stores and bars
throughout the state.

Marylanders who want to play slots have been leaving the state and taking
tourist dollars with them to West Virginia, Delaware and New Jersey (and soon to
Pennsylvania). Why not allow consenting adults to spend their money in their
state?

Calling any politician a "hero" for opposing or supporting a program diminishes
the contributions of real heroes, such as the soldiers serving overseas or those
that have given their lives for our country. War analogies are suffering from
overuse.

Mike Benton

Silver Spring

I do support the lottery, as Mr. Benton says, but not as a revenue source. I
support it as a way of controlling public corruption. Numbers operations run by
organized crime were once the epicenter of police corruption in many cities.
State-run lotteries seem to have reined in that problem significantly.

My worry about slots gambling in Maryland mostly centers on the potential for
corruption along the lines of lots of cash flowing into political coffers that
could influence such things as the awarding of state contracts. Maryland has a
long and troubled history in this regard: Two former governors were accused of
corruption. One of them -- Marvin Mandel (D), whose conviction was overturned on
legal technicalities -- is still hanging around state government, advising the
current governor.

I am unmoved by arguments about how much money slots would bring to Maryland. I
consider any such projections with great suspicion. As more places to gamble are
built, it becomes less likely that any one place would make a lot of money.

Besides, as citizens we should decide what services we are willing to pay for
and then pay for them in as equitable a way as possible. We shouldn't be looking
to get something for free. That kind of thinking brings its own form of
corruption.

Dear Homeroom:

The 2005 MCPS operating budget is starting to hit home. The budget contained
cuts to elementary and middle school teachers that are now being felt.

At the middle school, my son came home with a homework assignment for the
three-day weekend: Make copies of a 20-page packet for the other students on his
team for a school project. They don't want to "waste" any of the school's paper,
so I am to go to a copier center over the weekend and duplicate this packet for
other students so they can have one for Monday. If I don't make the copies, the
other students will not be able to do their homework Monday evening.

I would comment on this, but I am too furious.

Janis Sartucci

Potomac

I'm curious if any parents have kept records of everything they have paid as
part of their child's free public education -- personal supplies, classroom
supplies, lab fees, testing fees, field trips, copying-as-homework, everything.
If you have, please send along your tallies. I think people would be interested.

Dear Homeroom:

I never met Zvi Greisman. He is the MCPS attorney who provoked the wrath of many
special education parents because of a skit he performed at a national meeting
of school lawyers. The parents saw a tape of his act and condemned it as
evidence of his contempt for their children and themselves and, what's more,
evidence of such attitudes throughout our school system. On April 19, some 75 of
them marched in protest on the Montgomery County Board of Education.

I checked with two experienced attorneys who specialize in special education law
and who have sat across from Mr. Greisman in many tough cases. They have found
him professional, reasonable and interested in reaching agreements for the
benefit of the child.

Okay, our schools are not perfect. Okay, negative attitudes are not uncommon.
But, believe me, these parents would do better to work for improvement than to
beat up on one attorney.

Although Mr. Greisman is not ready for prime time as a stand-up comic, he is,
like me, a parent of a child with serious disabilities and, like me, entitled
occasionally to act silly.

Joan Karasik

Silver Spring

Dear Homeroom:

I am responding to your Dec. 25 column on High School Assessments (HSAs). The
Montgomery County Board of Education stands committed to providing a
high-quality education for all our students. We are not afraid of high-stakes
testing, nor are we afraid of accountability imposed on us by the state or
federal government.

We are, however, deeply concerned about the planned action scheduled for June,
in which the State Board of Education will adopt regulations linking high school
diplomas to the HSAs, beginning with the current seventh-graders.

Our most pressing concerns are the following:

*  What are the remediation plans for students who do not pass and where are the
funds to provide this remediation?

*  Will there be an alternative assessment for special needs students and
English for Speakers of Other Languages students?

*  How does the state plan to communicate the rollout and implementation of the
HSA program to parents of sixth- and seventh-grade students.

In today's world, high school diplomas are a bare minimum for the workplace. We
cannot afford to shortchange the future of children whose livelihood and
fortunes will depend on the attainment of a Maryland diploma.

Patricia B. O'Neill

Bethesda

O'Neill is a member of the Montgomery Board of Education.

The "Thornton money," or the extra $132 million the state will spend on public
schools this year, is supposed to be used to help students meet state standards.
Certainly a good chunk of it should be available to help those who fail the High
School Assessments. So that answers the money question.

In addition, any student who fails one of the tests is supposed to be given
access, beginning in September, to a state-developed online computer course that
is to be tailored exactly to state standards. Whether that kind of remediation
will be useful is still to be determined, but it does represent an awareness by
the state that it has an obligation to help students who fail the HSA.

The state is also working on a plan for an alternative assessment for students
who know the material but have difficulty taking pencil-and-paper tests. Whether
it will be a computer test, an oral test or something else entirely is still
being considered, but it should be ready for this year's seventh-graders. They
are to be the first students who will have to pass the High School Assessments
in order to get a diploma.

But the main thing the state folks have done is to make the HSAs easy to pass.
The exams aren't all that difficult to begin with, and students only have to
answer half or fewer questions correctly, depending on the test, to pass.

Students unable to pass the HSAs won't be hurt because they lack a high school
diploma. They will be hurt because they can't demonstrate they have mastered
rudimentary material. That, by the way, would be true with or without the HSAs.
The thing some people forget is that standards exist outside of schools --
ruthless standards. HSAs merely make transparent a few of the milder standards
in time for kids to get help.

Homeroom is a forum for you that appears every week in Montgomery Extra. Send
questions, opinions and issues that you would like discussed to Homeroom, The
Washington Post, 51 Monroe St., Suite 500, Rockville, Md. 20850. The fax number
is 301-279-5665. Or e-mail homeroom@washpost.com. To see previous columns, go to
www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/education/columns/homeroom.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        November, 2005 Northeast Edition

Holland & Knight Creates Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Team

SECTION: PARTNERS NOTES; Pg. 71

LENGTH: 409 words


Holland & Knight LLP has announced the launch of its Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act Team, a subgroup of Holland & Knight's White Collar Defense & Corporate
Compliance Team. The FCPA Team will be led out of the firm's Washington, DC
office by partner Don Zarin who recently joined the firm.

The FCPA Team represents U.S. and foreign companies of all sizes and industries,
from the small to the Fortune Five Hundred company, on corruption-related
issues. The FCPA Team has conducted numerous internal investigations on
corruption activities all over the world, including Pakistan, India, Nepal,
Russia, People's Republic of China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, Thailand,
Indonesia, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Italy,
France, Spain, Nigeria, Croatia, Slovenia, Serbia and Bosnia.

Mr. Zarin is known for his expertise on the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and
anti-corruption practices. He has established compliance programs for U.S. and
foreign companies, conducted numerous internal investigations around the world
regarding potential corruption issues, issued numerous legal opinions for U.S.
companies on FCPA and local law corruption issues, and conducted training
programs for U.S. companies and their foreign affiliates. Mr. Zarin is the
author of Doing Business Under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, a leading
textbook in the field.

***

Holland & Knight recently announced the closing of the $ 12.5 million
acquisition of Radix Technologies by Argon ST. Holland & Knight represented
Argon ST in the transaction. Led by McLean, VA-based partner Michael Mannix, the
Holland & Knight team included: partners Sam Kastner, Jane Tam, Tasha Nguyen and
Gerald Libby, associates Adam August, Marisa Terranzi, Shannon Graving and
Ansley Shaw, and paralegal Patrick Shank.

***

Holland & Knight LLP today announces the closing of the management buyout of its
client DLT Solutions, Inc. by a corporation owned by president and CEO Rick
Marcotte and CFO Craig Adler. Herdon, Virginia-Based DLT Solutions, Inc. is a
government solutions provider that has supplied government agencies and business
customers with state-of-the-art technology products, services and solutions for
more than a decade. Led by Washington, DC-based partner Bill Mutryn, the Holland
& Knight team included Marisa Terrenzi of Northern Virginia, and Grace Brown,
Sam Kastner, Shannon Knotts, David Matuszewski and Patrick Shank of Washington,
DC.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2005 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 2, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Lawyer admits leaking video to R.I. reporter facing jail time

BYLINE: Peter Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 334 words

A twist came Wednesday in the case of Jim Taricani, a TV reporter in Providence
facing jail for refusing to reveal his source in a corruption story: After three
years, a lawyer has admitted he was the source.

Taricani, an investigative reporter for WJAR, is to be sentenced next week in
the case involving a 2001 story about corruption in the mayor's office.
Taricani, 55, who had a heart transplant in 1996, faces six months in jail for
criminal contempt. It is unclear how the admission by Joseph Bevilacqua, a
lawyer for one of the men convicted in the corruption scandal, will affect
Taricani's sentencing.


Bevilacqua confirmed to a special prosecutor Nov. 24 that he provided Taricani
with an FBI undercover videotape of a mayor's aide taking a bribe. Bevilacqua
represents former city tax official Joseph Pannone.

In a court filing, prosecutor Marc Desisto said Bevilacqua came forward
voluntarily and told him he had previously offered to waive his confidentiality
and allow Taricani to identify him, but the reporter asked him not to reveal
himself.

Taricani denied that. "I would never have jeopardized my health and reputation
and put my family and my company through this ordeal if my source had not
required a promise of confidentiality," he said, refusing further comment.

Taricani is one of several reporters who have been held in contempt for refusing
to identify sources. They have argued that they sometimes need to promise
confidentiality to sources in order to report important stories.

Lawyers for Taricani are expected to argue that he be spared jail because of his
health and because the prosecutor has what he wanted. "Now that the source has
come forward and disclosed his identity, we see no additional purpose that could
be served by sending Jim Taricani to prison," said Liz Fischer, a spokeswoman
for NBC, which owns WJAR.

Desisto told the Associated Press that Taricani's alleged refusal to waive
confidentiality should factor in his sentencing.

LOAD-DATE: December 02, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Victoria Arocho, AP; Taricani: Reporter refused to identify
source for a corruption story.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday

Washington: ICYMI: EXCLUSIVE: It's Full-Bore Ahead For FBI's Clinton Foundation
Probe

LENGTH: 360  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Donald J. Trump has issued the following news
release:


 FBI agents across the country are not only continuing to actively pursue a
broad political corruption investigation of the Clinton Foundation, it is
consuming the resources in the FBI's Little Rock, Ark., field office where every
agent assigned to corruption matters now is working on the case, The Daily
Caller News Foundation's Investigative Group has learned.



 "Everybody's working the foundation in Little Rock," a former senior FBI
official told TheDCNF. There at least 10 agents involved, but it's possible the
Little Rock field office is "pulling bodies from other programs."

 The official previously told TheDCNF that an unprecedented FBI probe of the
foundation was being waged in multiple cities, which TheDCNF reported in August.
The other cities involved in the probe include New York, Washington, D.C., Los
Angeles and Miami.

 ...
 The Justice Department has refused to cooperate with foundation investigation,
the official told TheDCNF. "You need a prosecutor. And as we were going into
this election season, this DOJ was not prepared to fully support the FBI's tool
box. I think that's a big piece of the friction," he said.

 New York appears to be the city where the probe has slowed, but is still being
undertaken by the FBI despite Justice Department resistance.

 ...
 Los Angeles originally raised the issue of corruption, according to the Wall
Street Journal. Agents in the southern California city picked up information
about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public corruption case and had
issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation.

 The Journal's sources confirmed that the FBI probe is in many American cities
and described the unusual field office initiative as "at times a sprawling
cross-country effort."

 Miami may be focusing on the foundation's activities in Haiti. "Miami is what
the FBI regards as one the extraterritorial offices. They have equities in the
Caribbean," the official told TheDCNF.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              July 27, 2015 Monday

Press selection list for Afghan newspapers 27 Jul 15

LENGTH: 2000 words


Newspapers published in Kabul

Arman-e-Melli (close to the National Union of Journalists of Afghanistan)

1. Editorial entitled "Intelligence bodies are culprit" criticizes the
government, in particular the security bodies, for not supporting the local and
border police forces who surrendered to the Taleban in the recent clashes in
Warduj District of Badakhshan Province. It quotes the media as reporting that
some commanders of the surrendered police have joined the Taleban, and lashes
out at the interior minister for failing to properly manage the security
situation in the country. (p1, 400 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

Anis (state-run)

1. Editorial entitled "USA cannot discharge its responsibility by declaring
support for Afghan peace process" quotes US President Barack Obama as praising
the Afghan government's peace efforts, achievements in combating administrative
corruption and President Ghani's role in boosting political and economic
relations with neighbouring and regional countries. It calls on the USA to put
into practice its pledges to Afghanistan and provide the security forces of this
country with sophisticated and modern weapons to continue the fighting against
terrorist groups and eliminate them. (p1, 500 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Nuri Herawi entitled "Practical, constructive methods to prevent
expansion of administrative corruption" sees administrative and financial
corruption as a headache in Afghanistan, and advises the judiciary to seriously
investigate the cases of corruption and put corrupt individuals on trial. (p2,
7, 600 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Article by Samiollah Sami entitled "USA should not overlook casualties
inflicted on Afghan citizens" thanks the USA for its financial and military
support for the Afghan government over the past 13 years, and expresses hope
that the USA and its allies will not leave Afghanistan in the war against
terrorism. It urges the USA to put pressure on Pakistan to honestly support the
peace process of Afghanistan and desist from training militants. (p2, 800 words
in Pashto, NPP)

4. Article by Abdol Qadir Omarzada entitled "Taleban should reach an agreement
over cease-fire and stop killing innocent people" urges the Taleban to renounce
violence, accept the constitution of Afghanistan, participate in the country's
reconstruction affairs and make a lasting cease-fire so that Afghanistan is a
peaceful country in the region. It welcomes the official peace talks between the
Afghan government and Taleban representatives, voicing hope that the process of
peace negotiations will bring peace and security in the country and address the
biggest and fundamental demand of the Afghan people. (p2, 7, 1,700 words in
Dari, NPP)

5. Article by Shahin entitled "People's expectations from national unity
government" urges the national unity government to ensure peace, combat
administrative and financial corruption, implement the law on all Afghan
citizens, create job opportunities, tackle poppy cultivation, expand its
relations with the countries of the region and world, present good governance
and put into practice all the promises to the people. (p3, 700 words in Pashto,
NPP)

6. Article by Alhaj Shah Jahan Monshizada entitled "People optimistic about
peace negotiations" (p3, 350 words in Dari, NPP)

7. Article by Ahmadi entitled "Efforts for peace become serious" (p3, 300 words
in Dari, NPP)

Hasht-e Sobh (independent)

1. Editorial entitled "Major humiliation" describes the surrender of a police
unit in Warduj District of Badakhshan Province as a major humiliation for the
national unity government and a defeat for intelligence bodies. It believes that
the police chief of Warduj along with his dozens of comrades have surrendered to
the Taleban based on a deal, and blames the ministries of interior and defence
as well as the National Directorate of Security (NDS) for failing to receive
information and take action before the surrender. It says such incidents take
place as a result of appointments of incompetent, unprofessional and dishonest
individuals in the ranks of police and national army. (p2, 600 words in Dari,
PROCESSING)

2. Article by Ferdaws Kahesh entitled "Is Da'ish a foreign project?" quotes
different and contradictory remarks on the creation of Da'ish (Islamic State)
and its affiliation with the countries of the region and world. It accuses Saudi
Arabia and Qatar of supporting and financing Da'ish to spread insecurity in the
Central Asian countries, calling on the security bodies of Afghanistan to
receive complete and thorough information about the performance of this brutal
group and then take necessary action against it. (p4, 700 words in Dari, NPP)

Weesa (pro-government/private)

1. Editorial entitled "What is need for repetition of defamed and unsuccessful
experiences?" reports that over 100 local and border police have surrendered to
the Taleban and handed their weapons over to them in Warduj District of
Badakhshan Province, and warns that the formation of militia groups will pave
the way for armed opponents of the government to easily achieve their goals. It
opposes the idea of First Vice-President Gen Dostum who is said to have formed
local militia to ensure security in the country's north, and insists that the
security bodies of Afghanistan should be strengthened instead of arming local
people. (p2, 450 words in Pashto, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Shafiq Hamdam entitled "Afghans victims of proxy wars between
Pakistan and India" accuses India and Pakistan of using Afghanistan as a field
for their political and economic rivalries, and calls on the Afghan government
not to allow these countries to use Afghanistan as a battlefield for their proxy
war. (p2, 1,200 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Article by Fayez entitled "Afghanistan centre of foreign goals" criticizes
the countries of the region and world for not honestly supporting Afghanistan in
war on terror, and says insecurity in Afghanistan poses a serious threat to the
wider world. (p1, 6, 1,100 words in Pashto, NPP)

Sarnawesht (private)

1. Editorial entitled "What Warduj incident proves?" reports that the
surrendered local and border police, in Warduj District of Badakhshan Province,
have been freed by the Taleban through the intervention of local tribal elders,
and believes that a deal had been made between the Taleban and those who
surrendered. It says that such incidents and deals will definitely boost the
Taleban morale and affect the Afghan security forces' morale. It opposes the
idea of formation of local militia groups in the north of Afghanistan, because
it leads to calamities, insecurity and disasters. (p2, 500 words in Pashto,
PROCESSING)

2. Article by Haqiq entitled "Expectations of Afghans from second round of peace
talks" says since the people of Afghanistan are fed up with wars and insecurity,
they are hopeful for the success of the second round of the official peace talks
between the Afghan government and Taleban representatives. It urges both
negotiating sides to put aside minor differences and reach a lasting cease-fire.
(p1, 2, 900 words in Pashto, NPP)

Hewad (state-run)

1. Editorial entitled "Afghan government is committed to fully supporting
domestic forces" gives assurance that the government of Afghanistan will support
the country's armed forces and pay special attention to their families. It
quotes US military officials as saying that they will continue military support
for Afghanistan, stressing the need for coordination among security bodies. (p2,
500 words in Pashto, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Tamim entitled "Concerns over Badakhshan incident will be
addressed" (p2, 900 words in Pashto, NPP)

3. Article by Shah Wali Qarar entitled "Need for regional countries'
coordinated, joint and honest struggle against terrorism" calls on the region
and world to join hands with the Afghan government and eliminate the harsh
phenomenon of terrorism. (p2, 3, 700 words in Pashto, NPP)

Mandegar (private)

1. Report entitled "A prominent jihadi figure: real representatives of the
Taleban are not and were not in peace talks" quotes Sayed Eshaq Gelani, a former
MP and jihadi figure, saying that the real Taleban representatives were not
present at the peace talks with the Afghan government in Pakistan in early July.
It also quotes Gen Attiqollah Amarkhel, a political analyst, saying those who
attended the talks in Pakistan were former ministers during the Taleban regime.
(pp1, 6, 500 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Report entitled "Captive soldiers in Badakhshan were freed" comments on the
handover of a police base to the Taleban by security forces in Warduj District
of northern Badakhshan Province, saying those-who had taken captive-have been
freed with mediation of tribal elders. It says the Taleban spokesman Zabihollah
Mojahed has said in his twitter account that the soldiers were freed after
mediation of tribal elders. (pp1, 6, 500 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Editorial entitled "From surrender to release" comments on the fall of a
police base to the Taleban in northern Badakhshan Province saying the incident
should be seriously investigated. It adds that the police surrender to the
Taleban in such a manner is a failure of the government and security bodies, but
the Taleban release of the police is also something good. (p2, 500 words in
Dari, PROCESSING)

4. Article by Ahmad Emran entitled "Security situation and serious questions"
expresses concern over the security incidents in different parts of the country
including the fighting in Badakhshan Province, saying such incidents call into
question the ability of the security forces. It also points to the peace talks
saying the Taleban do not speak about the peace talks because they want to see
how the situation will continue. It urges the government to pay attention to the
security situation. (p2, 1,000 words in Dari, PROCESSING EXCERPT)

5. Article by Ali Parsa entitled "Put an end to Da'ish recruitment" says Da'ish
(IS) militants have started recruitment in some places, expressing concern over
their possible growing activities urging the government to pay attention to this
issue. (pp1, 6, 500 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

The Daily Afghanistan (private)

1. Editorial entitled "City of lawlessness" comments on the fall of a military
base into the Taleban hands in Warduj District of northern Badakhshan Province,
saying it shows that there was no coordination between the security forces,
urging the government to take drastic measures to address such problems. It says
some commanders are being appointed based on recommendations and no-one has the
authority to control them because they are supported by senior officials. (p2,
500 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Ali Qaderi entitled "Ifs and Buts of establishment of joint combat
centre against Da'ish in Afghanistan" says President Ghani had held a meeting
with Gen Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, during
his visit to Kabul last week, and said a joint regional combat centre should be
established to fight against Da'ish militants, saying this would be a good
measure, adding it would be better if it is established inside Afghanistan. (p2,
600 words in Dari, PROCESSING EXCERPT)

Cheragh (independent)

1. Editorial entitled "Beginning of military attack, end of cold war of Turkey
and Da'ish" points to air strikes by Turkey against IS positions in Syria,
saying Turkey has taken the move as part of a political game to attract
attention of the international community, not for the intention to defeat the
IS. (p2, 400 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Abdol Qahar Sarwari entitled "Da'ish thinks of capturing the
strategic line of (R) in northeast Afghanistan" says the strategic line which
has a structure of R includes Badakhshan and Takhar provinces. It says the area
was once the centre of resistance against the Taleban regime, adding that Da'ish
militants want to use those areas as a place to infiltrate into China and
Tajikistan. (FIRST PART -pp4, 2, 1,000 words in Dari, NPP)

Source: As listed

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              June 3, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

State of greased palms

BYLINE: Steve Otto, sotto@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 515 words


Steve Otto

sotto@tampatrib.com

"Integrity Florida."

Sounds like an oxymoron, doesn't it?

Florida is known for many things; some good, some bad. These days the bad often
outweighs the good. It seems every day there is another survey or poll about the
quality of life in states around the country, and Florida is nowhere near the
top.

You name the category -- education, health care, crime, transportation -- and we
are wallowing in the pits. We do pretty well when they measure the best beaches,
but that's about it.

It turns out the problem is we weren't looking at the right surveys. How about
one on corruption?

The other day our political writer William March reported that a nonprofit
watchdog group known as "Integrity Florida" was about to issue a report that
claims Florida is the most corrupt state in the country. Of course, the watchdog
group is in Tallahassee, so it has plenty of material to work with.

You might remember the story. We ran it in the same paper that had the guy being
a cannibal on a Miami highway as bicyclists rode by ignoring the attack.

It was the same paper that had the story about former Hillsborough County
Commissioner Kevin White heading off to prison in Atlanta after being convicted
of accepting bribes. White is not the first Hillsborough commissioner carted off
in handcuffs, and political corruption is more disappointing than shocking.

The study, scheduled to be released this week, will show that Florida had 781
federal corruption convictions from 2000 to 2009. It will conclude that Florida
had the most criminal convictions among people in government in the country.

Like a lot of studies, numbers may not tell the complete story, but there is
little denying that corruption is alive and well.

I was having lunch with a small group the other day and the conversation was
about newspapers. One comment was a familiar one as a man asked, "Why is it you
have so much bad news? Why isn't there some kind of balance?"

The truth is, if you take all of the stories we print, you find more "good" or
at least informational stories than bad. But we do try to reflect what is
happening in our community, and obviously corruption -- inside and outside -- of
government takes up a lot of space. Please don't blame the messenger.

Just to wind up on some "good news," here's a note on a column item about Tampa
surgeon Dr. Sylvia Campbell, who was honored last week.

"I first met Sylvia Campbell in the mid-1980s. She was training for a marathon
at the time. Sometime around 1988 my mother had a sore on her foot and it
started bleeding one night. Sylvia was kind enough to come to her home and treat
the wound and would not take any compensation. In 1996, my father was in St.
Joseph's and was very ill. While Sylvia was not his doctor, he told me often
when he would wake up that Sylvia would be there, holding his hand and checking
on him. I could never say enough kind, decent, wonderful things about Sylvia,
but she is often in my thoughts." -- Douglas Allen

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

New law hits corrupt public officials in the pocketbook

BYLINE: By Milan Simonich / msimonich@tnmnp.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


SANTA FE - Public officials in New Mexico who commit a felony will now have more
to lose.

Those convicted in public corruption cases could be required to repay their
salaries and forfeit their accumulated state pension benefits. A new state law,
which took effect Wednesday, gives judges the authority to increase the basic
sentence by adding those penalties.

Legislators approved the bill without any dissenting votes and Gov. Susana
Martinez signed it in February.

The corruption crackdown is one of 19 state laws that went into effect
Wednesday.

Another of the new laws creates a fund to cover the costs of New Mexico's
medical marijuana program.

Companies licensed to provide cannabis for medical treatment pay the state fees
of $10,000 to $30,000 a year. Rather than that money going into the state's
general account, it will be maintained by the Department of Health to pay for
administration of the medical marijuana program.

"It means the few New Mexico taxpayers who objected to their money going toward
the medical marijuana program no longer have to worry," said the bill's sponsor,
Sen. Cisco McSorley, D-Albuquerque.

New Mexico has about 4,300 patients registered to use medical marijuana.

Also going on the books is a law to improve care for stroke patients, especially
residents of rural areas. It authorizes the state Department of Health to
certify any acute-care hospital as a primary or comprehensive stroke center,
provided that the hospital has been accredited.

"The result will be more access to critical care," said one of the bill's
sponsors, Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City. He teamed up with Republican Rep.
Conrad James of Albuquerque to write the bill.

It allows the secretary of health to adopt rules to assist and encourage primary
stroke centers to enter into coordinated care agreements with other health-care
providers throughout the state.

This will be accomplished without any increase in the state's costs, Morales
said.

Other new laws include:

Turning the K-3 Plus pilot project into a permanent program of the state Public
Education Department. The program adds a minimum of 25 instructional days for
disadvantaged students in grades kindergarten through 3.

Legislative analysts say third-graders who participated in K-3 Plus for at least
a year gained 7.5 points in reading, 43 points in writing and 12 points in math
compared to those who did not enter the program.

Extending for five more years a tax break for concerts and other special events
at New Mexico State University.

It is a deduction from the gross receipts tax for gate admissions at
non-athletic events. Legislators first granted the tax exception in 2007 because
administrators at NMSU said they were at a competitive disadvantage with the
University of Texas at El Paso in booking entertainment.

The new deduction on gross receipts taxes for NMSU lasts through June 30, 2017.
Rep. Mary Helen Garcia, D-Las Cruces, and Sen. Carlos Cisneros, D-Questa,
sponsored the bill.

Increasing from two to four the number of hunting permits for bighorn rams that
will be raffled or sold through a lottery.

The stakes are high. A lottery for one bighorn hunting permit once brought the
state $190,000, according to the Department of Game and Fish.

Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington, sponsored the bill. Legislators estimate that
the bighorn permits and attendant federal matching funds will bring the state
about $800,000. All of the money will go back into programs to help the bighorn
sheep grow stronger in New Mexico. Bighorns were removed last year from the
state's endangered species list.

Clarifying a tax break for a uranium enrichment plant near the southeastern New
Mexico town of Eunice. With this change, the plant's utility customers will not
be taxed if they sell a uranium compound before it is enriched.

Utility companies send uranium hexafluoride to the plant as part of a process
for producing nuclear power plant fuel.

Elimination of the Office of Child Development in the Children, Youth and
Families Department.

Making the New Mexico School for the Deaf and the New Mexico School for the
Blind and Visually Impaired eligible to seek money for certain capital projects.
Sen. Cynthia Nava, D-Las Cruces, sponsored the bill establishing this change.

Santa Fe Bureau Chief Milan Simonich can be reached at 505-820-6898. His blog is
at nmcapitolreport.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 22, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

SOVERN SAYS SCANDALS HURT CITY'S RECRUITING

BYLINE: By JOSH BARBANEL

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 383 words


Corruption in New York City is undermining the city's ability to attract a new
generation of ''first-class'' civil servants, the chairman of a commission
appointed to study the city's municipal corruption scandal said yesteray.

''Just ask yourself whether you would advise someone who had lots of choices to
go into government at this moment,'' said the chairman, Michael I. Sovern, the
president of Columbia University.

''The answer to that from many people would be 'no,' '' he said. '' 'What do you
need that stuff for? People will think you are a crook.' ''

Last Thursday, Mr. Sovern's panel, the State-City Commisson on Integrity in
Government, urged Governor Cuomo to establish a special commission with subpoena
power to investigate corruption and ethics in state and local government. Mr.
Sovern's panel, which did not have subpoena power, was appointed by Mayor Koch
and Governor Cuomo, A 'Corrosive Effect'

Mr. Sovern, in an interview aired yesterday on the WNBC-TV program ''News
Forum,'' said that the reports of corruption in the Parking Violations Bureau
and other city agencies have had a ''corrosive effect'' on the public's
perception of government, creating suspicions of dedicated and honest civil
servants.

''We came to believe,'' he said, ''that the public's apathy rests in
considerable measure on a widespread belief that government is so rotten that it
doesn't do any good to do anything about it.''

In an interview yesterday, Mayor Koch said that while the corruption scandal
will cause some people to ''shy away'' from government at this particular time,
it ''hasn't prevented very good people from coming into government.''

He said that he now had two high level posts to fill: Corporation Counsel and
chairman of the City Planning Comission. He said he had candidates for both and
expected to fill the posts within the next few days.

Mr. Koch said that potential candidates reject top city jobs mainly because of
requirements that they disclose personal finances, the public scrutiny that
decisions in government face, and the relatively low salaries.

In his television interview, Mr. Sovern said that while there was ''deep and
serious corruption at many levels,'' and ''plenty of petty corruption around''
he did not believe the problems were ''systemic.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday

Letter: Coastal Securities not a target of public corruption investigation

BYLINE: Chris Roberts, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Feb. 09--Coastal Securities, El Paso County's financial adviser, is "not a
subject or target" of a federal public corruption investigation, according to a
letter sent to the company by the Western District of Texas U.S. Attorney's
Office.

The letter, written by Criminal Division Chief Richard L. Durbin Jr. for U.S.
Attorney Robert Pitman, states that the district "continues to investigate the
circumstances and events surrounding the selection of the El Paso County
Financial Advisor in 2007; however, Coastal Securities Inc., is not a subject or
target of our investigation."

Coastal was mentioned in the original federal indictment charging former County
Judge Anthony Cobos on three charges including conspiracy to commit mail fraud
and mail fraud.

The indictment stated that Jorge Rodriguez, Coastal's regional representative,
had provided tickets to an NCAA regional finals basketball game in San Antonio
"and other benefits valued in excess of $10,000" to County Commissioner Dan
Haggerty. Haggerty then allegedly agreed to a scheme hatched with Cobos to
install Coastal as the city's financial adviser.

However, a superseding indictment filed in January removed all mention of
Haggerty, Coastal and Rodriguez. The new indictment also eliminated two charges
against Cobos, leaving only a charge of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and
deprivation of honest services.

Haggerty said the new indictment exonerated him.

"We have always contended that the allegations against us

were baseless and that we would be exonerated," said Chris Melton, Coastal
executive vice president. "We are glad that we have been provided with this
clarification and that we can now resume providing the best possible services to
our clients."

Chris Roberts may be reached at chrisr@elpasotimes.com; 546-6136.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120209-EY-Letter-Coastal-Securities-not-a-target-of-public-corruption
-investigation-0209-20120209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              July 2, 2006 Sunday

Potent weapon targets political corruption;
Feds wield a law on honest services.

BYLINE: Andrew Zajac, Chicago Tribunes

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 552 words


In a string of recent high-profile public corruption cases, federal prosecutors
have charged elected officials, including at least two governors and a
congressman, with defrauding the public of its right to "honest services."

It's a charge that seems to strike at the heart of civic corruption: Who would
disagree that the public is entitled to elected officials' honest services?

But to some defense lawyers, the law is a source of consternation, a brief,
vague addendum to the mail- and wire-fraud statute that makes it possible to
bring up a grab bag of activity that may look unsavory or unethical but does not
fit specific crimes, such as theft or bribery.

Raised to prominence in the epic 1973 trial of former Illinois Gov. Otto Kerner
and resurrected after being ruled unconstitutional 19 years ago, the
honest-services law has become a favored weapon in the Justice Department's
stepped-up campaign against political corruption.

Former Philadelphia City Treasurer Corey Kemp, former City Councilman Rick
Mariano, and others in the federal probe of Philadelphia city corruption were
convicted under the honest-services law.

Honest-services fraud was a key component in the trial of former Illinois Gov.
George Ryan, who was found guilty in April, and in the cases against former
Connecticut Gov. John Rowland, former U.S. Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham (R.,
Calif.), and disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff, all of whom pleaded guilty.

Prosecutors prize the law for its flexibility.

"We don't have a checklist. Prosecutors can take differing views on what a
person's honest services should be," Justice Department spokesman Bryan Sierra
said. "There is prosecutorial discretion."

Too much discretion, argues Albert Altschuler, a University of Chicago law
professor.

"Nobody knows what [honest services] mean," Altschuler said. "You throw enough
dirt at the wall that some of it sticks."

The law spells out that mail or wire fraud does not have to cause a financial
loss to the victim. And unlike the federal bribery statute, which applies only
to federal officials, the honest-services law enables the government to make a
case out of violations of local or state law, as it did in prosecuting Ryan.

Nine of 18 counts against Ryan involved the honest-services law. He was
convicted on all 18 counts.

"There's a hard-line conservative argument that the feds should not prosecute
state and local corruption, that if the feds keep riding in on a white horse,
[states] will never develop a culture of doing it on their own," said George
Brown, a law professor at Boston College.

But there is a counterargument that "clean government is analogous to a civil
right" and so federal authorities have every right to step in, Brown said.

Defendants have rarely prevailed in recent honest-services cases involving
public officials. But in November, a judge in San Diego threw out most of a case
against a former city councilman after ruling, in effect, that his conduct was
not egregious enough to meet the standard for honest-services fraud.

In 1988, Congress added wording to the wire-fraud law that made the expectation
of honest services explicit. It reads simply, "For the purposes of this chapter,
the term 'scheme or artifice to defraud' includes a scheme or artifice to
deprive another of the intangible right of honest services."

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 24, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

Probe of Judicial Corruption Jolts Miami;
Possibility of a Major Bribery Scandal Is Buttressed by FBI Sting Operation

Laura Parker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A4

LENGTH: 1034 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


Easy money has flowed freely in this boom-or-bust city from the first swampy
land scam at the turn of the century to the megabucks cocaine deals of the hyper
1980s, and the steady stream of cash, prosecutors say, has spread corruption
into almost every level of government.

Still, when 100 government agents recently swooped into homes and offices of
four state judges and one retired judge and seized stacks of marked $ 100 bills
in an FBI sting operation, the possibility that a bribery scandal had reached
into the higher echelons of the judicial system was not regarded as business as
usual, even in Miami.

"We've just about seen it all here," said Mark Schnapp, a Miami lawyer and
former head of the U.S. attorney's public-corruption unit. "But allegations of
corruption in the judiciary are very disturbing. They go to the very heart of
the public trust."

No one has been charged in the 22-month undercover probe. But in announcing the
June 8 search, acting U.S. Attorney Dexter Lehtinen said, "Monies have been paid
for various corrupt activities, including improper release of confidential
information, return of property to defendants, reduction of bail bonds and
suppression of evidence."

According to search warrants, the government paid $ 266,000 in bribes doled out
by the most unlikely of undercover agents -- a former lawyer for deposed
Panamanian leader Manuel Antonio Noriega.

The sitting judges have taken paid leave and declined to comment. David
Goodhart, a retired judge in whose law office an envelope containing 35 marked $
100 bills was found, also declined to comment.

When it comes to corruption, Lehtinen is one who believes the easy-money theory.
"The real estate industry brings in money and puts pressure on the regulatory
system," he said in an interview after the sting. "Then the drug business
infuses large sums of cash into the region, and those pressures increase."

Another observer, defense attorney Samuel Burstyn, likened Miami to Chicago of
the Roaring Twenties and the 1930s. Miami's violent drug wars in the last decade
were similar to the shoot-'em-ups of the Al Capone era. And the relative quiet
of the 1990s is similar to the aftermath of the crackdown in Chicago -- while
the crime business has gone further underground, corruption is not hard to find.

Aside from the judicial scandal, Miamians learned recently of allegations that
the former head of the city's anti-poverty program misspent funds on luxury cars
and fine jewels. Then came news that the feds had seized records at Miami Beach
City Hall in their year-long investigation of Mayor Alex Daod's personal
finances.

Those developments overshadowed the misdemeanor complaint announced against
state Rep. Ron Silver (D-North Miami Beach), the 24th state lawmaker accused
this year of misdemeanor violation of public-disclosure laws. Silver allegedly
failed to report trips to the World Series, the Bahamas and a basketball
tournament in Washington, D.C., all financed by Tallahassee lobbyists.

Lehtinen boasts about the number of public officials indicted since his
appointment in 1988. His office brought 37 indictments in 1989 and 55 in 1990,
more than in the 20 years previous, he said.

Operation Court Broom, as his judicial probe is called, is his most ambitious.

According to documents, the federal government used the former Noriega attorney
to pose as a defense lawyer in phony criminal cases, many involving
drug-trafficking charges. His "clients" were government agents posing as
defendants, and the government had their cases assigned to the targeted state
circuit court judges -- Roy Gelber, Alfonso Sepe, Harvey Shenberg and Phillip
Davis.

Raymond Takiff, a flamboyant defense attorney in trouble with the Internal
Revenue Service, was tapped for the mole's role. Takiff, whose personal tastes
run to gold bracelets and Rolex watches, represented big-time drug defendants in
the 1980s and joined the Noriega defense team after the general was indicted on
drug-trafficking charges in 1988.

Takiff relished that role, but with the IRS stalking him for almost $ 93,000 in
delinquent federal taxes, agreed to go undercover and formally withdrew from
Noriega's defense.

In one of the fabricated cases, Takiff asked Judge Davis to reduce bond on major
cocaine-trafficking charges from $ 250,000 to $ 20,000. Six days after Davis
agreed, he received $ 20,000 in $ 100 bills from Takiff, according to the search
warrant.

Only two of Takiff's fictitious cases have been made public. Sources close to
the investigation said the others are similar.

"This is a focused investigation dealing with very serious cases," said a source
close to the investigation. "It's not $ 100 paid to a judge to fix a
drunk-driving case. When you're talking about a $ 250,000 bond, you're talking
about the cases at the top of the line where if you reduced the bail, the
defendant would likely flee the country."

The investigation was modeled on Operation Greylord, the massive 1983 undercover
investigation of the Cook County court system in Chicago that resulted in
conviction of 15 judges fixing cases for fees and kickbacks.

Operation Court Broom appears to be broadening in scope. Names of six Miami
defense lawyers who have done court-appointed work have turned up in the stack
of search warrants, and a grand jury has been convened to question other Miami
lawyers and their secretaries about illegal payments to judges.

The Miami Herald recently published a long investigative profile of Judge
Gelber's involvement with cocaine cases dating to 1980, and he is under
investigation by the state Judicial Qualifications Commission.

Meanwhile, the legal community is reeling. Rumors are rampant about the numbers
of lawyers who may be snared. Burstyn watches it all with growing amazement and
a certain bemusement about human nature and the ease with which the unlikely
sting artist apparently trapped the judges.

"Everybody in Miami knew for 2 1/2 years that Ray Takiff was a federal grand
jury target," Burstyn said. "Why didn't lights go off? Wouldn't you say to
yourself, 'Hey, I wonder why he was never indicted and here he is offering me
cash to take a dive on this case?' "

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 29, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

California Lawmakers Linked to Bribery Inquiry

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif., Aug. 28


Federal agents' searches of state lawmakers' offices last week were part of a
two-year-old undercover operation in which dummy companies lured lawmakers with
bribes, a lawyer close to the investigation says.

The investigation to uncover corruption began when John A. Shahabian, a staff
member of the State Senate Elections Committee who was facing allegations of
wrongdoing arising out of an earlier corruption inquiry, agreed to cooperate
with the Federal Bureau of Investigation in an expanded investigation into
bribery and extortion, said Mr. Shahabian's attorney, Donald Heller. The lawyer
said Mr. Shahabian assisted agents by recording lawmakers' comments and actions.

''For years and years,'' Mr. Heller said, ''there has been widespread corruption
in the Legislature - a cesspool. My client was initially caught up in it and
came forward and cooperated for two years.''

Lawmakers who were ''rumored to be on the take'' were offered illicit donations,
Mr. Heller added, ''and sure enough, they took the bait.'' He characterized the
undercover operation as ''creative and inventive.''

Dummy Company Set Up

Mr. Shahabian pretended to be a part owner of one of the dummy companies,
Peachstate Capital West Ltd., a shadowy venture capital company located above a
store one and one-half blocks from the Capitol. The other two ''owners'' of the
company were FBI agents, Mr. Heller said.

Mr. Heller, interviewed by telephone from Hawaii where he was vacationing, did
not identify the lawmakers who were videotaped but said he expected ''dozens of
indictments soon.'' He did not elaborate.

Terry Knowles, agent in charge of the Sacramento F.B.I. office, said arrests in
the case were not expected ''at the present time.''

Mr. Shahabian has declined to talk to reporters.

Late Wednesday and early Thursday, 30 Federal agents with warrants searched the
Capitol offices of four lawmakers and their aides, seeking materials related to
two obscure bills. Both measures had been vetoed by Gov. George Deukmejian, who,
unaware of the undercover operation, described them as unwarranted special
interest bills.

Capitol sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the four legislators
whose offices were searched were Democratic Assemblywoman Gwen Moore of Los
Angeles, who wrote the two bills; Republican Assemblymen Frank Hill of Whittier
and Pat Nolan of Glendale; and Democratic Senator Joseph Montoya of El Monte.

Mr. Nolan, the Republican leader of the Assembly, offered to resign his
leadership post Friday at a closed-door meeting in the wake of the
investigation, The San Francisco Examiner reported Saturday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               June 16, 2001 Saturday Five Star Late Lift Edition

NATION & WORLD BRIEFS

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS; Nation/World Briefs Column; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 873 words


NATION

CAMDEN, N.J.

Former mayor gets 7 years for corruption

Former Mayor Milton Milan was sentenced Friday to seven years and three months
in federal prison for laundering drug money and accepting bribes from mobsters.

U.S. District Judge Joel Pisano said he was imposing the maximum under
sentencing guidelines because the corruption was so pervasive. Milan also was
ordered to pay more than $14,000 in restitution.

"You are responsible, Mr. Milan, for making this city the subject of public
ridicule," the judge said. Camden, population 80,000, is the state's poorest
city.

Milan was convicted Dec. 21 of 14 counts of corruption. The day after his
conviction, he was stripped of the office he held for 3 1/2 years.

A jury found that he had accepted up to $30,000 in payoffs from a Philadelphia
and southern New Jersey crime family, accepted home improvements from city
contractors, used $7,500 in campaign funds for a vacation, concealed the source
of a $65,000 loan from a city drug kingpin and staged a burglary to collect
insurance payments.

SAN DIEGO

LA officer is accused of robbing drug dealers

A Los Angeles police officer used his authority to rob drug dealers of money and
narcotics, federal prosecutors said. He was already under investigation as part
of the Rampart station corruption scandal.

Officer Ruben Palomares, 31, is accused of using informers he met on the job to
learn the identity of known drug dealers, then stealing money and drugs from the
dealers, federal prosecutors said at a court hearing Thursday.

Palomares and four other men were arrested last week in a parking lot in Chula
Vista - 10 miles south of San Diego - after allegedly giving $130,000 to
undercover agents they believed were drug dealers in exchange for 10 kilograms
of cocaine. Prosecutors said the group wanted to buy an additional 50 kilograms
of cocaine.

Prosecutors said Palomares tried to avoid the arrest by showing his Los Angeles
Police Department badge, claiming he was on an undercover operation.

INDIANAPOLIS

Sen. Bayh says he won't seek presidency in 2004

Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana said Friday he would not seek the Democratic
nomination for president in 2004 but might run for a second term in the Senate.

The former two-term governor, who was elected to the Senate in 1998, had been
widely mentioned as a possible contender for president in 2004. He was
reportedly under consideration as a vice presidential candidate last year.

Bayh said his Senate job keeps him away from home and his 5-year-old twin sons
too much already. Bayh, 45, said by continuing his work in the Senate, he could
"do right by all the people I care about."

MIAMI

Man is freed from prison after DNA clears him

A judge on Friday lifted the murder and rape convictions of a man sent to prison
22 years ago and ordered his immediate release. DNA evidence cleared the man of
the crimes in April.

Jerry Frank Townsend was freed from the Polk Correctional Institution near
Lakeland late Friday. Before leaving the prison, Townsend waited inside the
prison's lobby with his mother and sister for another relative.

"Given the preferred deficiency in the state's evidence, a lack of trust in its
evidence including the obtained confession, and in some cases what may very well
be Mr. Townsend's outright innocence, it is abundantly clear that he is the
victim of an enormous tragedy," Judge Scott Silverman said in ordering
Townsend's release.

Katherine Fernandez Rundle, state attorney for Miami-Dade, said Thursday that it
would be too difficult to retry on the rape and second-degree murder charges
because prosecutors have no physical evidence and cannot find witnesses.

WORLD

CHINA

Craft arrives to retrieve part of U.S. spy plane

A Russian cargo plane on a mission to carry home part of a dismantled U.S. Navy
spy plane arrived today on the Chinese island of Hainan.

The Antonov 124 landed at the Lingshui air base, where the EP-3E Aries II has
been parked since making an emergency landing April 1 after a midair collision
with a Chinese fighter jet.

Plans call for the EP-3E to be dismantled and loaded in pieces on two Antonovs.
The U.S. military has refused to say when the second cargo plane is to arrive.

MACEDONIA

U.S. doesn't want part in mission to disarm rebels

The United States has told its NATO partners that it does not want to take part
in a NATO military mission that the Macedonian government has requested for the
disarming of ethnic Albanian insurgents, senior officials in President George W.
Bush's administration said Friday.

NATO ambassadors met Friday in Brussels to discuss how such a Balkan mission
would work. They authorized military planners to draft plans over the weekend
that could involve sending NATO troops to Macedonia, once part of Yugoslavia.

This week, Macedonia requested NATO soldiers to oversee the disarming of the
insurgents as part of a political solution to the civil conflict there.

But a senior Bush administration official said that while the request sounded
"like a simple task, it means reaching a new political threshold to take on a
task inside Macedonia."

"We're not jumping at the chance of a new deployment," said the official.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo from AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE - Afghan refugees hand over
their weapons to police Friday in Peshawar, Pakistan. The Pakistani government
has launched a campaign to recover illegal arms from the refugees living there,
and Afghanistan's Taliban regime has agreed to help in the campaign.

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                              May 14, 2012 Monday

More fines for corrupt politicians

BYLINE: Alamogordo Daily News By Milan Simonich, Texas-New Mexico Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


SANTA FE Public officials in New Mexico who commit a felony will have more to
lose starting Wednesday.

Those convicted in public corruption cases could be required to repay their
salaries and forfeit their accumulated state pension benefits.

A new state law gives judges the authority to increase the basic sentence by
adding those penalties.

Legislators approved the bill without any dissenting votes and Gov. Susana
Martinez signed it in February.

The corruption crackdown is one of 19 state laws that go into effect Wednesday.

Another of the new laws creates a fund to cover the costs of New Mexico's
medical marijuana program.

Companies licensed to provide cannabis for medical treatment pay the state fees
of $10,000 to $30,000 a year. Rather than that money going into the state's
general account, it will be maintained by the Department of Health to pay for
administration of the medical marijuana program.

"It means the few New Mexico taxpayers who objected to their money going toward
the medical marijuana program no longer have to worry," said the bill's sponsor,
Sen. Cisco McSorley, D-Albuquerque.

New Mexico has about 4,300 patients registered to use medical marijuana.

Also going on the books is a law to improve care for stroke patients, especially
residents of rural areas.

It authorizes the state Department of Health to certify any acute-care hospital
as a primary or comprehensive stroke center, provided that the hospital has been
accredited.

"The result will be more access to critical care," said one of the bill's
sponsors, Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City. He teamed up with Republican Rep.
Conrad James of Albuquerque to write the bill.

It allows the secretary of health to adopt rules to assist and encourage primary
stroke centers to enter into coordinated care agreements with other health-care
providers throughout the state.

This will be accomplished without any increase in the state's costs, Morales
said.

Other new laws include:

Turning the K-3 Plus pilot project into a permanent program of the state Public
Education Department. The program adds a minimum of 25 instructional days for
disadvantaged students in grades kindergarten through 3.

Legislative analysts say third-graders who participated in K-3 Plus for at least
a year gained 7.5 points in reading, 43 points in writing and 12 points in math
compared to those who did not enter the program.

Extending for five more years a tax break at New Mexico State University.

It is a deduction from the gross receipts tax for gate admissions at
non-athletic events. Legislators first granted the tax exception in 2007 because
administrators at NMSU said they were at a competitive disadvantage with the
University of Texas at El Paso in booking entertainment.

The new deduction on gross receipts taxes for NMSU lasts through June 30, 2017.
Rep. Mary Helen Garcia, D-Las Cruces, and Sen. Carlos Cisneros, D-Questa,
sponsored the bill.

Increasing from two to four the number of hunting permits for bighorn rams that
will be raffled or sold through a lottery.

The stakes are high. A lottery for one bighorn hunting permit once brought the
state $190,000, according to the Department of Game and Fish.

Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington, sponsored the bill. Legislators estimate that
the bighorn permits and attendant federal matching funds will bring the state
about $800,000. All of the money will go back into programs to help the bighorn
sheep grow stronger in New Mexico. Bighorns were removed last year from the
state's endangered species list.

Clarifying a tax break for a uranium enrichment plant near the southeastern New
Mexico town of Eunice. With this change, the plant's utility customers will not
be taxed if they sell a uranium compound before it is enriched.

Utility companies send uranium hexafluoride to the plant as part of a process
for producing nuclear power plant fuel.

Elimination of the Office of Child Development in the Children, Youth and
Families Department.

Making the New Mexico School for the Deaf and the New Mexico School for the
Blind and Visually Impaired eligible to seek money for certain capital projects.
Sen. Cynthia Nava, D-Las Cruces, sponsored the bill establishing this change.


Santa Fe bureau chief Milan Simonich can be reached at msimonich@tnmnp.com or
(505) 820-6898. His blog is at nmcapitolreport.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                August 14, 2013

Melaye Takes Anti-Corruption Rallies to London, New York

BYLINE: Abbas Jimoh

LENGTH: 292 words


Former House of Representatives member and executive secretary of the Anti-
Corruption Network (ACN), Dino Melaye, has commenced international mobilization
to protest against the lukewarm attitude of the Federal Government in the anti-
corruption war.

This is contained in a statement yesterday from New York that he has began
mobilising Nigerians in Diaspora to participate in the protest by the network in
the streets of London, United Kingdom and New York in the United States and that
he has written for permission from the authorities for the protest.

"We hope that by the end of this week, we will get approval from the US
government to organize it. We are mobilising Nigerians from every part of the
world to come for that global protest against corruption in Nigeria," he said.

While saying that the administration has shown more than ever before that it was
not ready to fight corruption in Nigeria, Melaye pointed out that, "This
particular government of Dr. Goodluck Jonathan is the most corrupt in the
history of Nigeria."

He also said ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo was more serious and committed in
the fight against corruption than Jonathan, adding that, "During his (Obasanjo)
government, the man who nominated Obasanjo to be President and his senior at
Baptist High School, Abeokuta, Chief Sunday Afolabi, was made a Minister of
Internal Affairs. He was implicated in corruption saga and removed as minister.

"Even under the late Umaru Musa Yar'adua, the Minister of Health, Prof. Adenike
Grange and Minister of State for Health, Arch. Gabriel Adukwu were removed
immediately they were indicted in a bribery scandal because the public policy in
Nigeria is that once you have been indicted of corruption, you will
automatically lose your office."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 19, 2017 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

Attorney pleads guilty to disobeying subpoena;
Investor failed to turn over email in probe of ex-port police chief.

BYLINE: Matt Hamilton

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 441 words


A Santa Monica attorney pleaded guilty Thursday to disobeying a federal grand
jury subpoena during the public-corruption investigation of the Port of Los
Angeles' former police chief.

Gerard N. Casale Jr. admitted that he failed to turn over an email in response
to the subpoena seeking information about his business dealings with the former
port police chief, Ronald Boyd, according to court papers filed in the Central
District of California.

Boyd was the target of a federal corruption investigation that was looking for
financial ties between him and a software company that won a contract at the
port. Casale was the chief executive of that company, Ironroad USA.

The probe led to an indictment that accused Boyd of helping Ironroad tailor its
responses to the port's contract proposals. Boyd was also accused of defrauding
the city by failing to inform port officials that his firm, BDB Digital
Communications, had a revenue-sharing agreement with Casale's company.

Boyd pleaded guilty in 2016 to lying to federal investigators and concealing
$1.1 million in income connected to his private security company.

As part of the plea deal, prosecutors dropped corruption charges alleging he
defrauded the city by hiding his ties to Ironroad USA. Boyd was sentenced to two
years in federal prison.

During the grand jury investigation, Casale failed to turn over an email from
April 2012 in which he discussed an "issue" he resolved between Boyd and his
business partners, according to court papers.

The email "was relevant to a material issue in the investigation, namely Boyd's
financial interest in BDB and [Casale's] familiarity with that financial
interest," according to the plea agreement signed by Casale.

In his plea agreement, Casale also admitted that he was not truthful when he
initially denied knowledge of Boyd's ties to BDB Digital Communications. Two
months later, he retracted that statement in an interview with FBI agents.

Casale's defense attorney did not respond to an after-hours request for comment.

Casale, who was most recently connected to a venture capital firm that invested
in tech start-ups, is scheduled to be sentenced July 10 before U.S. District
Judge R. Gary Klausner.

Casale formally pleaded guilty to a contempt charge. Penalties are not specified
in federal sentencing guidelines, but Casale's plea agreement calls for the
judge to abide by the penalty range for an obstruction-of-justice charge, which
can result in up to 10 years in federal prison.

An LAX police officer was also charged with filing a false tax return in
connection with Boyd's private security company.

--

matt.hamilton@latimes.com

Twitter: @MattHjourno

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: RONALD BOYD, former police chief of the Port of Los Angeles,
pleaded guilty in 2016 to lying to federal investigators and concealing $1.1
million in income.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Christina House For The Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            March 20, 2012, Tuesday

State briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 677 words


W.Va. gets D+ in corruption assessment

A new report suggests West Virginia is at risk for government corruption.

The state received a "D+" in the State Integrity Investigation released Monday,
ranking it 27th among all states.

The project assessed government accountability and efforts to deter corruption
and self-dealing. It was conducted over several months by the nonpartisan Center
for Public Integrity, Public Radio International and the nonprofit group Global
Integrity.

West Virginia scored well for internal auditing and ethics enforcement. It
received passing grades for the accountability of all three government branches.
It flunked for lobbying disclosure, civil service management and redistricting.

Eight states failed the review, including neighboring Virginia. No state got an
"A."

Monday's report follows recent praise from the U.S. Public Interest Research
Group and the Sunshine Review for West Virginia's online transparency.

County to survey historic estate buildings

MARTINSBURG - A 200-year-old Martinsburg estate's buildings will be surveyed to
determine their structural integrity.

Berkeley County received an $18,200 state grant to help pay for the forensic
survey of Boydville's mansion and outbuildings.

Susan Whalton with the Berkeley County Farmland Protection Board says the
findings are expected to help the board find a new use for the 13-acre estate.

The board bought the property in 2005. Whalton told The Herald Mail of
Hagerstown, Md., that the board has looked into using the property for a
heritage center.

She says there also has been some interest from individuals in acquiring the
property.

The Georgian-style mansion was built around 1812. President Abraham Lincoln
spared the mansion from torching by Union troops during the Civil War.

First phase of biometrics center wraps up

CLARKSBURG - Construction of a parking garage for a new $142 million federal
biometrics facility in Harrison County is wrapping up.

The four-story garage is the first phase of the project.

FBI spokesman Steve Fischer tells The Exponent-Telegram that the project is on
scheduled and will be completed in late 2013.

The 360,000-square-foot Biometrics Technology Center will house about 1,000
biometrics staff of both the FBI and the Department of Defense.

Mild winter brings West Nile concerns

PARKERSBURG - Health officials in the Mid-Ohio Valley are concerned that a mild
winter could spur a large jump in the mosquito population.

If that happens, Chuck Mapes with the Mid-Ohio Valley Regional Health Department
says the risk of a West Nile virus infection also would increase.

Mosquitoes carry the West Nile virus.

Mapes told the Parkersburg News and Sentinel that residents should remove
sources of standing water, which are mosquitoes' primary breeding areas.

He says the last reported human case of West Nile in the region was in August
2011.

Radio program headed to Alaska for shows

The public radio show "Mountain Stage" is headed to Alaska to record two summer
shows.

The West Virginia-based music program will travel to Fairbanks for shows on Aug.
17 and 18. The performances will be held in conjunction with the University of
Alaska Fairbanks' Summer Sessions and Lifelong Learning.

West Virginia Public Broadcasting says it will announce guests for the shows as
they are confirmed. "Mountain Stage" plans to have a separate slate of artists
for each night.

West Virginia Public Radio produces "Mountain Stage," and National Public Radio
and Voice of America distribute the program worldwide. Most of the shows are
recorded in Charleston.

State keeps funds to curb black flies

BECKLEY - The state Department of Agriculture says that the annual effort to
control black flies in three southern West Virginia rivers will continue this
year.

Agency spokesman Buddy Davidson said legislators ensured that about $700,000 is
in place for the spraying operations.

All that's needed now for the program to restart is a new contract and better
weather.

Normally, the spraying along the New, Greenbrier and Bluestone rivers begins the
last week of March.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           January 20, 2011 Thursday

LEGISLATIVE ROUNDUP

BYLINE: THE NEW MEXICAN

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-6

LENGTH: 509 words


Days remaining in session: 58

Corruption fighters: During her election campaign, Gov. Susana Martinez
repeatedly blasted the corruption that has dogged state politics in recent
years.

But the Las Cruces prosecutor dismissed the notion of creating an independent
state ethics commission, an idea that has failed to clear the Legislature
despite several attempts. Instead, Martinez preferred establishing a public
corruption unit in the Department of Public Safety.

The idea of such a unit came up in her State of the State speech Tuesday.

"They will investigate allegations of public corruption and help bring to
justice those who violate the public's trust," Martinez said to applause from
the standing-room-only crowd at the Capitol.

Her administration isn't proposing a big bump in funding at that agency,
however.

"We are going to have to do with what we have already," the governor told The
New Mexican after Tuesday's speech.

"We're not going to increase the budget just for the corruption unit. We are
going to pull detectives from different parts of the state, and we are going to
make sure we are responsive to a hotline of corruption being reported by state
employees or others."

The corruption unit will have subpoena power, she added.

Health care exchange: At the center of the nation's new federal health care law
are health-insurance exchanges. As envisioned by the law, the exchanges are
places that should function as clearinghouses for consumers looking to purchase
health insurance. They must be up and running by 2014.

How New Mexico's exchange will work, and whether it should drive insurance
reform or not, will emerge as a discussion topic during this year's 60-day
legislation session. House Rep. Danice Picraux and Sen. Dede Feldman already
have introduced a bills -- House Bill 33 and Senate Bill 38 -- that set up a
framework for the state's health care exchange. Look for that discussion to heat
up during the session.

Looking ahead:

u The Senate and House are scheduled to reconvene at 10 a.m. today. Before that,
the Senate Committees Committee, which decides the membership and chairmanships
of the various standing committees, is scheduled for 8:30 a.m.

u Several former lawmakers will discuss the session on KNME's In Focus at 7 p.m.
Friday. Among them are former Senate President Pro Tem Richard Romero, former
House Minority Whip Dan Foley, and former Reps. Rory Ogle and Ben Rodefer.

u There are several private parties for legislators and others scheduled for
today in Santa Fe. Among these, according to the social calendar on the
Legislature's website: The invitation-only Governor's Prayer Breakfast will be
held at theSanta Fe Community Convention Center. The New Mexico Association of
Counties Breakfast is planned at Eldorado Hotel & Spa. The New Mexico Amigos
Legislative Luncheon will be held at La Fonda, while the New Mexico Association
of Counties Legislative Luncheon will be held at Eldorado Hotel & Spa. Finally,
an invitation-only Governor's Reception at the governor's mansion is scheduled
from 5 to 7 p.m.

The New Mexican

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 18, 2008 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Another governor, another big scandal Blagojevich is facing a crisis much like
Ryan.

BYLINE: By Kevin McDermott POST-DISPATCH SPRINGFIELD BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 844 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, Ill.


In August 2001, then-Illinois Gov. George Ryan, buffeted by a federal corruption
probe of his associates and facing escalating rumors that he would be indicted
himself, announced he wouldn't seek re-election the following year. "The
governorship should not become mired in the political divisions of a campaign
year," he told a large gathering in his hometown of Kankakee, Ill.

Ryan, a Republican, is now sitting in a federal prison for using his elective
office to enrich himself and his friends.

And Democrat Rod Blagojevich is now the embattled incumbent governor, watching
as associates plead guilty or are put on trial for corruption allegations.

As Illinois' possible rerun of history plays out this year, one big question in
the state's political system is whether Blagojevich will echo Ryan and forgo a
2010 re-election bid.

Many believe that decision could hinge on the verdict in the federal corruption
trial of Blagojevich campaign fundraiser Antoin "Tony" Rezko, who is accused of
using his clout to squeeze state contractors for bribes and political
contributions.

The case went to the jury Thursday, and the verdict could come down within days.

Blagojevich hasn't been charged, but there has been testimony linking him to the
case and speculation about what Rezko might tell prosecutors if faced with a
prison sentence and offered a deal. That's ultimately how the feds got to Ryan
after he left office: The string of convictions of his associates eventually led
them to testify against him.

"Obviously, the outcome may have a very significant impact if Rezko is convicted
and there is something (else) out there," says state Sen. James Clayborne,
D-Belleville. "The issue is ... whether Rezko will have anything to say about
the governor. That will obviously weigh on any decisions the governor will make"
about re-election.

Senate Minority Leader Frank Watson, R-Greenville, said Blagojevich doesn't act
like a man under siege. "He has a Teflon coating about him," said Watson. "He's
a very outgoing individual, and it doesn't seem to be bothering him. I wouldn't
sleep at night if it was me."

Blagojevich isn't saying one way or the other whether he is going to run for a
third term.

"The conventional wisdom is that he is politically dead, and it certainly seems
like it, but in politics, you never know," said Chris Mooney, political
scientist at the University of Illinois at Springfield.

The most damaging development for Blagojevich so far was the testimony last
month of former Blagojevich administration official Ali Ata, who tied
Blagojevich directly to the case. Ata, testifying for the government against
Rezko, told jurors of a 2002 meeting in Rezko's Chicago office in which he
handed Blagojevich a $25,000 campaign contribution. Ata said Blagojevich then
discussed what job they might find Ata within the administration.

"The government laid it right out there" with Ata's testimony, said Mooney. Many
took it as a hint from prosecutors of where the case might go next, should Rezko
be convicted. "If he's convicted, it ups the ante for everyone."

If Blagojevich does decide to run again, he almost certainly would face a
challenge from his own party. State Comptroller Dan Hynes, Attorney General Lisa
Madigan and even Blagojevich's own lieutenant governor, Pat Quinn - all
Democrats - have been sharply at odds with Blagojevich and are often mentioned
as possible challengers.

"My advice to him is not to run ... He's been an ineffective governor, he's lost
the trust of the people ... and it would divide a party that doesn't need
dividing," said state Rep. Lou Lang, D-Skokie, who has run for governor before
and didn't rule out his own challenge to Blagojevich.

"Having said that, Gov. Blagojevich is a man who believes in what he's doing,"
Lang added. "I don't think whether Mr. Rezko is guilty or not guilty will have
much impact on the governor's final decision."

Blagojevich's approval rating is in the low 20s.

But the intraparty fighting could work in his favor. If several Democrats
challenge him, it could split the vote enough to let him slip back in.

Republicans would like to run against someone they privately call "the
Democratic George Ryan."

"I think he will (run), if he's unindicted - or maybe even indicted. I'm told
that he's told people he'll run," state Sen. Bill Brady, R-Bloomington, said.
Brady has run for governor before and admits he is "laying the groundwork" to
possibly run again. "In that four-way mix (for the Democratic nomination), Gov.
Blagojevich could win, and he knows that."

Blagojevich's office didn't respond to requests for comment Friday.

Blagojevich was more talkative seven years ago, on the day Ryan announced he
wouldn't run for re-election.

The Post-Dispatch report of Ryan's announcement that day quoted one of the many
candidates seeking Ryan's job: then-U.S. Rep. Blagojevich of Chicago. "It's
almost a Greek tragedy," Blagojevich said. "His strengths as a politician have
led to him being able to pass his legislative initiatives. But ... his political
skills didn't help him see the need for reform."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Corruption probe leads to arrests of rabbis, N. J. mayors

BYLINE: Edith Honan, Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 322  words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N. J.


Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were arrested
on Thursday in a sweeping federal probe that uncovered political corruption,
human organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials said.

The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the U. S. attorney's office in Newark,
N. J.

The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, N. J., Mayor Peter Cammarano, who
took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across the Hudson
River from New York.

Others accused were mayors of nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen,
a deputy mayor, city council members, housing, planning and zoning officials,
building inspectors and political candidates.

"New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if not the worst, in the
nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge of the FBI's white
collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who has worked on the
investigation since it began in July 1999.

"It has become ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling
corruption "a cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.

The public officials stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help
getting permits and projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to
the witness.

In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV series The Sopranos, about
New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners, parking lots, even bathrooms,
officials said.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Digest

LENGTH: 545  words


SOCCER

Venezuelan boss fights extradition

Venezuela's longtime soccer chief is fighting extradition to the US from
Switzerland and asking to be judged in his home country on charges in the FIFA
corruption scandal.

Lawyers for Rafael Esquivel said on Wednesday they have asked prosecutors to
request his extradition.

Esquivel was arrested in May in Zurich as part of the US and Swiss
investigations into corruption at FIFA. In seeking his extradition to Venezuela
his lawyers may be betting the 69-year-old could benefit from his political
connections in the socialist administration of President Nicolas Maduro or
receive a more lenient punishment if he pleads guilty.

Wambach wants Klinsmann gone

US forward Abby Wambach ended her remarkable career on Wednesday, but one of the
greatest female soccer players of all time is not going quietly as she called
for the coach of the national men's team to be fired.

Wambach, who is the all-time leading scorer in international soccer, said she is
not a fan of Juergen Klinsmann's heavy use of dual-citizen players and that the
former standout player and coach for the German national team should be fired.

"I would definitely fire Juergen," Wambach said in an interview on the Bill
Simmons Podcast released on Wednesday. "Sorry, Sunil (Gulati, US Soccer
president), sorry, US Soccer, but I don't think the litmus test on him has
worked."

TENNIS

Fatherhood tops Andy's priority list

Andy Murray could leave the Australian Open early in order to be present for the
birth of his first child, he revealed in a British newspaper interview published
on Wednesday.

The Australian Open runs from Jan 18-31, with Murray's first child not due until
February.

But the world No 2 said he will leave Melbourne and return to Britain if his
wife, Kim, goes into labor early.

"I'd go home. For sure, yes," Murray told the Daily Mail. "It's obviously
important. I want to make sure at the beginning I am there as much as I can be
to try and help out, just be there for whatever is really required of me."

BASEBALL

Frazier headed to White Sox

The Chicago White Sox were looking to add some pop while solidifying third base,
and they are counting on Todd Frazier to provide it.

The All-Star third baseman was acquired from the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday as
part of a three-team, seven-player trade that also included the Los Angeles
Dodgers.

The 29-year-old Frazier, who won last summer's All-Star Home Run Derby in
Cincinnati, was an NL All-Star in each of the past two seasons and hit .255 this
year with 43 doubles, 35 homers and 89 RBIs.

NFL

Manning returns to practice roster

Peyton Manning returned to practice for the first time in a month on Wednesday -
but not to his starting job. That still belongs to Brock Osweiler, for at least
another weekend.

Coach Gary Kubiak ruled out Manning for the Denver Broncos' showdown at
Pittsburgh. But he said Manning took a "step in the right direction" in his
return from a torn plantar fascia in his left foot.

Manning spent a week in a hard cast and several more days in a walking boot
after he was pulled from the lineup on Nov 15.

Kubiak said the plan was to increase Manning's workload, but the coach was not
about to prognosticate an eventual return to the lineup for the 18-year veteran.

(China Daily 12/18/2015 page19)

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Florida: Two Mayors and Two Lobbyists Charged in Separate Corruption
Investigations

LENGTH: 390  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
and Michael B. Steinbach, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI), Miami Field Office, announce that four individuals have
been charged in two separate complaints involving public corruption allegations.
The first complaint charges Manuel L. Maroño, 41, the Mayor of Sweetwater, and
two lobbyists, Jorge L. Forte, 41, and Richard F. Candia, 49, all of Miami, for
their alleged participation in a kickback and bribery scheme (the Maroño
complaint) in connection with purported federal grants for the City of
Sweetwater. The second complaint charges Michael A. Pizzi, 51, the Mayor of
Miami Lakes and Town Attorney for the Town of Medley, and Richard F. Candia, in
a separate kickback and bribery scheme in connection with purported federal
grants for both Miami Lakes and Medley (the Pizzi complaint). Both complaints
charge the defendants with conspiracy to commit extortion under color of
official right, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1951(a).

U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer stated, "Our democracy suffers when, as in these
cases, elected officials use their power and political influence for personal
gain instead of for the public good. Public corruption, at any level of
government, corrodes and undermines the public's confidence in our system of
government. We are committed to stopping this corrosion and to help restore
transparency to local government."

"For the public to have confidence in their government, they must be certain
that their elected officials will not use their position for personal gain,"
said Michael B. Steinbach, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Miami. "We encourage
anyone who may have information about corruption to come forward and report it.
This information is critical to our work. The South Florida community can be
assured that public corruption will remain a top priority for the FBI."

The defendants made their initial appearances in federal court today at 1:30
p.m. before U.S. Magistrate Judge Andrea Simonton. If convicted, the defendants
face a maximum statutory penalty of up to twenty years in prison.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/fls

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           December 16, 2008 Tuesday
                                   L2 Edition

Sheriff says Democrats are just too corrupt Curran explains why he's jumping to
GOP

BYLINE: By Mick Zawislak mzawislak@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 575 words


Blasting what he described as a culture of corruption in the Democratic Party,
Lake County Sheriff Mark Curran said his conscience wouldn't let him continue
the association.

Flanked by top leaders at the county's Republican headquarters in Libertyville,
Curran at a news conference Monday said he had become "increasingly
disenchanted" and decided to switch parties after seeing no hope of change.

"My conscience will not allow me to stand by and be a member of the Democratic
Party any longer," said Curran, who was elected two years ago. "The suggestion
of any other reason (for the switch) would be completely untrue," he added.

Curran's announcement comes less than a week after Democratic Gov. Rod
Blagojevich was arrested on corruption charges.

Curran, who has become well known for high-profile actions such as spending a
week in jail and attending the Suburban Law Enforcement Academy, unleashed a
torrent of criticism on state and Chicago Machine politics he said have "bred
corruption."

"I hoped to fight for change within the Democratic Party. I hoped to bring the
Democratic Party back to ideals it once stood for," he said.

"But as I stand here today, I do not believe that is a possibility. I certainly
do not believe that is a possibility in the state of Illinois and I certainly do
not believe there is any hope in the Democratic Party in this state or in this
county."

The result has been an adverse impact on the state's economic condition and
other areas, such as public education and crime, Curran said.

"I'm walking away from that party of corruption," he said.

Running with Democratic backing and resources, Curran unseated veteran Lake
County Sheriff Gary Del Re in November 2006. State Sen. Terry Link, Lake County
Democratic Party chairman since 1992, said Curran "has a problem realizing how
he got there."

"To do this, I think, is a show of the individual not party politics. I'm glad
the Republicans have him now. That's not the type of person I want," Link said.

Link noted Republicans have had their share of problems.

"Now he wants to join the party that has George Ryan, that has (former Green
Oaks Mayor) Tom Adams. I could go on and on." he said, adding that Curran has
not shown loyalty to the party.

"I think he's only worried

about one person and that's himself."

Link added that Democrats have been making gains every year in Lake County
including the election in November of four county board members and a judge.

Curran, a former prosecutor, has maintained a Republican link, having supported
former Illinois Attorney General Jim Ryan in his unsuccessful 2002 race against
Rod Blagojevich for governor. Curran also raised eyebrows with his endorsement
of Republican incumbent Michael Waller for Lake County state's attorney in the
November election.

Curran's announcement was enthusiastically received by Republicans. Waller,
Ryan, U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam and state Sen.-elect Dan Duffy of Lake Barrington
heralded the switch.

"People still want good, honest leaders," Ryan said. "We need leaders that are
authentic, not counterfeit like this governor."

However, he acknowledged that "sleaze in this state has been bipartisan."

Curran said he has taken criticism for his decision to leave the Democrats and
knows he will create enemies and lose friends. But he denied any other motive in
his decision.

"I'm a humble county officeholder," he said. "Humility tells me I have no
business thinking about statewide office at this point."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Curran

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 6, 1991, Monday

Georgia officials' freebies put on hold; Bowers's interpretation of corruption
law angers legislators

BYLINE: By Jeanne Cummings Staff writerlegislators; law; ethics; travel

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 1009 words


Trips to Europe and Alaska, tickets to the Masters golf tournament and stock car
races, and quail hunts on exclusive plantations are among the freebies Georgia
political leaders have received in recent years.

The vast majority of these perquisites provided by big business or lobbying
groups are cloaked in secrecy. Georgia is one of four states that do not require
public disclosure of such gifts, or place limitations on them.

Last week, Attorney General Michael J. Bowers trampled into this shadow world of
lobbyists and lawmakers when he ruled - unofficially - that politicians could
risk violating a new anti-corruption law if they accept some trips and gifts.

"This informal opinion sends a chilly wind down the very spine of the
legislative process," said Jonathan W. Hibbert, an attorney with the Georgia
Forestry Association.

The association prompted the ruling by asking Mr. Bowers if a trip to St.
Augustine for lawmakers was legal under the new law. The attorney general said
it might not be, and the trip was canceled.

The ruling angered some lawmakers and left others with non- refundable tickets
to Florida. The lobby group would have picked up the hotel and food tabs.

"I haven't gone to St. Augustine in years, but now I would go just to challenge
Mike Bowers," said state Rep. Denmark Groover Jr. (D-Macon), who wrote the anti-
corruption law.

Others are already talking about amending the bill next year.

"I think everybody will just have to be careful until we get the law changed or
get some clarification," said Rep. Charles Thomas (D-Temple).

No one knows how many trips could be affected by the Bowers ruling, because no
one knows how many trips there are: Lawmakers don't even tell each other when
they've been invited on the more exclusive jaunts.

The Georgia Business Council, which sponsors a golf and tennis tournament for
lawmakers, already has asked Mr. Bowers to clarify his position.

The controversy comes at a time when state legislatures across the country are
grappling with ethics reform. In Texas, for instance, House Speaker Gib Lewis is
under investigation for conflicts stemming from a 1987 trip to Mexico paid for
by a major San Antonio law firm.

"When any special-interest group can spend unlimited amounts of money on public
officials, they have an unfair advantage over the average citizen," said Marc
Wetherhorn, director of Citizen Action, a consumer advocacy group.

Despite the negative reaction from some lawmakers, Lt. Gov. Pierre Howard and
Secretary of State Max Cleland hailed the decision.

Messrs. Howard, Cleland and Bowers all have been mentioned as possible
candidates for governor in 1994.

Mr. Cleland has established a special ethics commission to determine if
lobbyists' activities should be regulated. In light of the new law, lobbyists
said last week that they would welcome clear guidelines.

The Legislature last tackled the issue in 1986, when it passed a law requiring
lobbyists to disclose gifts valued at $ 500 or more. However, they repealed it a
year later - before it took effect - because some said it was too difficult to
estimate the value of some gifts.

That was the closest lawmakers have come to shedding some light on the relati
onships between themselves and lobbyists.

Lobbying and corporate money are an ingrained part of the political process,
providing everything from information to airplanes to food to cash for
conferences, including the annual Southern Governors' Association meeting.

With a $ 59-per-day expense check, some out-of-town lawmakers cannot afford to
pay for a hotel and meals in Atlanta during the annual 40-day legislative
session. Consequently, they rely for meals on nightly receptions sponsored by
community or special-interest groups at the state- operated Depot and Downtown
hotels.

The new law forbids a politician from accepting or soliciting a "thing of value"
and thereby creating in the lobbyist's mind a "reasonable belief" that the
politician will be influenced by it.

A "thing of value" is not defined in the law. To Mr. Bowers, a drink at a
reception or a meal is not one. A trip to St. Augustine could be.

Ironically, the St. Augustine trip was specifically discussed during House floor
debate on the new law, and legislators made it clear they wanted it exempted.

Several mid-level lawmakers, especially ones with plane tickets, mourned the
trip as a rare opportunity to develop informal contacts with the Legislature's
leadership.

Although all lawmakers were invited to St. Augustine, few excursions are that
inclusive. Trips offered to Georgia's political leaders can range from the
Atlanta Convention and Visitors Bureau's promotional trips to Europe to a
private gathering of men off the Alaska coast.

Gov. Zell Miller accompanied the visitors bureau on a trip to Germany in 1988,
and to London in 1987 when he was lieutenant governor. Mr. Bowers went on the
bureau's trip to Japan in 1987. Those trips have been publicly disclosed by the
bureau.

However, an Alaskan fishing trip for a few lawmakers sponsored by Charter
Medical Chairman Bill Fickling several years ago was paid for privately and not
covered by disclosure laws.

Mr. Fickling "took friends on a trip, and no business was discussed," a
corporate spokesman said.

Joe Sports, a longtime lobbyist, occasionally invites a few lawmakers on hunting
trips on private Georgia plantations.

And Gilman Paper Co. hosts a hunting party for small groups of lawmakers in
Camden County.

Some legislators receive passes to the Masters tournament during the Georgia
Business Council's annual Red Carpet Tour; and freshman legislators have been
treated to a day at the Atlanta Speedway by the Georgia Petroleum Council.

"I think we sometimes overreact to the effect that a lobbyist might have on
someone's vote," said Sen. Culver Kidd (D-Milledgeville). "I do think we are
running a General Assembly that I would say is 90 to 95 percent doing a great
job and not being influenced."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: color photo: mug of Michael Bowers

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 12, 2008 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Corruption Case Testimony Taints Rising Political Star

BYLINE: By SUSAN SAULNY and CATRIN EINHORN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1241 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


As the corruption trial of the political fund-raiser Antoin Rezko winds to a
close here, testimony about power-brokering at the highest levels of state
government has battered the career of an Illinois politician who once had his
sights set on the White House.

When the trial began two months ago, national attention focused on how Senator
Barack Obama of Illinois might suffer because of his connection to Mr. Rezko, a
former patron who made a fortune on fast food and real estate.

But it is Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich, an ambitious chief executive who has not been
charged and denies any wrongdoing, who is left flailing in the wake of weeks of
testimony. His name and administration have surfaced repeatedly, described as a
participant in the kickback schemes of which Mr. Rezko is accused.

While Mr. Obama's campaign for the presidency has been dogged by questions about
Mr. Rezko, the fallout for him has so far been slight. Mr. Obama, who has not
been accused of any crime, donated money that was raised for him by Mr. Rezko to
charity and said he regretted what he called his bad judgment on a property sale
between their families.

But Mr. Blagojevich, a Democrat, has been so badly wounded by association with
the case that he may not be able to recover, whatever the verdict for Mr. Rezko,
according to interviews with academic experts and political commentators who are
weighing the impact of testimony.

Former allies have called on Mr. Blagojevich to quit. His lieutenant governor,
Pat Quinn, has asked him to ''clear the air'' by clarifying his relationships
with the accused. And his plummeting popularity fueled a drive in the
Legislature to give voters the power of recalling elected officials. It only
narrowly failed.

''The governor's behavior up to this point suggests he won't go quietly, but it
becomes increasingly more difficult for him to be effective and for people to
take him seriously,'' said Kent Redfield, a professor at the Institute for
Legislative Studies at the University of Illinois, Springfield. ''It just seems
like daily we get something new that links the governor's office to something.
It's pretty disappointing.''

But even before the trial, Mr. Blagojevich (pronounced bluh-GOY-uh-vich) was
embroiled in a federal investigation into hiring fraud that spanned multiple
departments under his purview.

That the Rezko trial has compounded these woes has generated more than just bad
press and a sour public mood. There is rising expectation among the public and
political experts that Patrick J. Fitzgerald, the United States attorney in
Chicago, will bring charges against Mr. Blagojevich, 57, even as the governor
has denied any criminal activity.

A spokeswoman for the governor, Abby Ottenhoff, disputed the characterizations
that Mr. Blagojevich is a less effective leader or politically damaged. ''This
is a case the governor is not a party to,'' she said. ''His focus continues to
be the work at hand.''

Talk around the state about the likelihood of criminal charges has been fueled
by testimony from the trial of Mr. Rezko, who is charged with soliciting
kickbacks from companies seeking business or regulatory approval from the state.

''There seem to be enough serious occasions in which the governor was present
when at least promises were made or money exchanged,'' said Dick W. Simpson,
head of the political science department at the University of Illinois, Chicago.

A spokesman for federal prosecutors here refused to discuss any of the
investigations.

Closing statements in Mr. Rezko's trial are to begin on Monday. The defense is
not presenting any witnesses.

With a verdict imminent, Mr. Blagojevich has become a governor under siege,
keeping to himself for days at a time, refusing to answer questions about Mr.
Rezko,  and has fewer and fewer allies, even in his own party.

''I've known the governor for a long time, and this is really sad,'' said Mike
Jacobs, a Democratic state senator. ''I think this is the kind of political
damage you never recover from.''

For Mr. Blagojevich, one of the more troublesome moments during the Rezko trial
came during the testimony of Ali Ata, the former director of the Illinois
Finance Authority.

Mr. Ata, who testified under a plea-bargain agreement, said he met in 2002 with
Mr. Blagojevich and Mr. Rezko and took a $25,000 check to the  governor's
campaign. Mr. Blagojevich called Mr. Ata ''a supporter and a friend,'' Mr. Ata
testified, ''and asked Mr. Rezko if I'd identified job opportunities.''

Mr. Ata said that shortly after he made another $25,000 contribution in July
2003, he saw the governor at a fund-raiser. ''Mr. Blagojevich thanked me for my
continued support,'' Mr. Ata testified, saying the governor then mentioned a
state position.

''He said it better be a job where I can make some money,'' Mr. Ata told jurors.

In January 2004, Mr. Ata officially assumed leadership of the Illinois Finance
Authority, which issues bonds, makes loans and invests capital. His annual
salary was about $127,000. He left in 2005 and was indicted two years later.

Earlier in the trial, witnesses testified about other conversations with Mr.
Blagojevich.

Joseph Cari, a former national Democratic fund-raiser who pleaded guilty to
attempted extortion, testified that Mr. Blagojevich told him of plans to finance
his dreams of higher office by rewarding donors with state contracts.

And Stuart Levine, the government's star witness who pleaded guilty to money
laundering and fraud, said that when he went to Mr. Blagojevich to thank him for
a state board appointment, he said, ''Stick with us and you'll do very well for
yourself.''

Mr. Levine told jurors, ''I took it to mean I would have an opportunity to make
a lot of money.''

Ms. Ottenhoff, however, took issue with some descriptions in the testimony,
saying they ''certainly don't describe the way we do things.'' She added, ''To
the extent that questions have come up, we have answered them.''

The son of a Serbian steelworker and son-in-law of a powerful Chicago ward boss,
Mr. Blagojevich used Chicago as a launching pad to higher political goals. With
a populist touch, he ran for governor as a reform candidate promising to clean
up the state's messy politics and to change the mood after the previous
governor, George Ryan, a Republican, was sentenced to six and a half years in
federal prison for racketeering and fraud.

''Blagojevich capitalized on the scandals and ran as a reformer, then governed
as an insider,'' said Laura Washington, a professor of humanities at DePaul
University and commentator on local politics. ''He was calculating a run for the
presidency even as he was running for governor. That's why he worked so hard to
lure big donors. He was looking at the next rung in the ladder.''

Mr. Cari's testimony backed up that sentiment. He told jurors that Mr.
Blagojevich said it was easier to run for president as governor than as a member
of Congress because it was easier for governors to raise money through the
awarding of contracts.

Mr. Blagojevich had experience as both. Before winning the governorship, he was
a member of Congress representing the North Side of Chicago and was seen as a
rising star in the party. When he won the governor's race in 2002, the Democrats
had not been in the governor's mansion since 1977.

He told the crowd at his victory party in 2002: ''Tonight, ladies and gentlemen,
Illinois has voted for change.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 19, 2008



CORRECTION: An article last Monday about the corruption trial in Chicago of the
political fund-raiser Antoin Rezko misstated the age of Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich
of Illinois, whose administration has been tied repeatedly to Mr. Rezko during
testimony in the trial. Governor Blagojevich is 51, not 57.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich of Illinois, shown at a news conference
last year, and his administration have been mentioned repeatedly in testimony at
the corruption trial of a political fund-raiser.(PHOTOGRAPH BY SALLY RYAN FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 The fund-raiser, Antoin Rezko, leaving federal court in Chicago this month.
Closing statements in his trial will begin Monday.(PHOTOGRAPH BY BRIAN
KERSEY/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            February 26, 2012 Sunday

Scandals give area black eye: Officials face uphill battle to restore trust

BYLINE: By Marty Schladen and Chris Roberts / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1571 words


Scandals continue to rock the El Paso area, and experts say they are creating a
sense of hope and hopelessness.

The arrest Wednesday of County Commissioner Willie Gandara Jr., along with the
torrent of leaders implicated in the FBI's public-corruption investigation and
questionable activities at the El Paso Police Department and in local
communities, is hammering at the mindset of residents, said experts and local
elected officials.

Gandara's arrest on drug charges was a surprise to many.

It comes after the convictions of two former county judges, the indictment of a
third and a growing public-corruption investigation that has produced 40 arrests
or indictments.

View list of people named in the FBI's public corruption case

Experts with significant experience with government corruption said it's
important to maintain hope -- and to have a long-term plan to bring about
meaningful reform.

The area also has been hit with other troubles:
Five former El Paso police officers -- the most recent on Feb. 16 -- have been
indicted after an investigation into irregularities in overtime pay linked to
grant-funded traffic enforcement. They are accused of falsifying records to
collect money from a state grant.On Feb. 13, the Texas Rangers and the FBI
searched the home of longtime Anthony (Texas) Mayor Art Franco. News reports
have said that the law enforcement agencies suspect misappropriation of funds,
but Franco has denied that.Fernando Rodriguez, director of UTEP's Criminal
Justice Program, was placed on paid administrative leave earlier this month as
administrators investigate whether to try to discipline him for not following
university policies. Rodriguez failed to report years of outside work --
including his pivotal role in a contract that is at the heart of the latest
developments in El Paso's public-corruption investigation.In Sunland Park, the
mayor pro tem and the city manager were arrested Saturday on extortion charges
in a political race.

"Right now, it seems like a never-ending stream," Mayor John Cook said. "You
ask, 'Who's next?' "

All the news of arrests and indictments is affecting people differently, he
said.

"Some say the system works because we're catching people," Cook said. "The ones
I worry about are painting this with a broad brush."

Chicago residents know well what it's like to see the officials they elected
frog-marched off to jail.

Since 1976, a third of the city's aldermen have been convicted of corruption,
according to a report released Feb. 15 by researchers at the University of
Illinois at Chicago.

Four of Illinois' seven governors since 1970 also have been convicted --
including Rod Blagojevich, who tried to sell President Barack Obama's vacated
U.S. Senate seat. In all, Illinois has seen 1,828 people convicted on public-
corruption charges since 1976, the report said.

All that law enforcement has failed to bring about lasting change, said Dick
Simpson, a former Chicago alderman who now heads the political science
department and was the lead author of the University of Illinois at Chicago
report.

"Individual corruption convictions do not cure corruption; they almost never
have," Simpson said on Thursday. "We have a 150-year history of it here."

The democratic process is weakened when public trust is damaged, experts said. A
lack of trust creates a dangerous void, they said, which can lead to a downward
spiral.

Honest people not involved in illegal schemes tend to stop participating,
whether that means deciding against a run for office or not to vote, said Bruce
A. Huhmann, chairman of New Mexico State University's Daniels Fund Ethics
Initiative. And lack of participation makes it easier for people with selfish
agendas to gain positions of political power, he said.

"That trust takes a long time to build, and it's easy to destroy," Huhmann said.
"It harms the government's ability to do its job."

Corruption also damages the public psyche, said Mario Rivera, University of New
Mexico Regents' Professor of public administration.

Trust is higher in cultures with economic equality, he said, where parents feel
their children will be able to do better than they did.

More people volunteer, and honest people run for office, he said.

"They see a shared fate for everyone," he said. "(Corruption) undercuts that in
very vicious ways. Only people who are connected or wired are going to do well.
... And there's a sense that the wealthy have gotten wealthy from unfair
advantage."

And corruption has its own culture, Rivera said.

"People have a higher or exclusive loyalty to some sort of in-group," Rivera
said. "And their criteria for serving some people over others is loyalty."

Historic examples of such groups, he said, include the political machines in
Chicago and Louisiana, and the patronage system in New Mexico.

Cook said he believes that in El Paso, the cases that have attracted the
attention of law enforcement in recent years used to represent the normal way
business was done by many elected officials.

He said a "new breed" of officials, such as he and city Reps. Susie Byrd and
Steve Ortega have helped combat corruption. Indictments and convictions have
also sent a message to elected officials who might be considering some crooked
act in exchange for sums of money that often are shockingly small, Cook said.

"Not only is it going to cost you money, it's going to cost you your reputation
and in some cases your family," Cook said.

But more is needed, said Simpson of the University of Illinois at Chicago. At
the heart of any solution is a commitment to a broad plan that spans decades.

"It can be done, but it isn't easy or simple," he said.

Simpson has proposed a series of reforms for Chicago government, such as
applying the city's ethics ordinance to aldermen and their staffs and giving the
inspector general access to all city records, including those held in secret by
the corporation counsel -- the Illinois name for a city attorney.

Huhmann, of New Mexico State, said reforms in his state are well under way.

"In New Mexico, there are a lot of people now trying to turn the system around,"
Huhmann said. "The state has passed a law that all public employees have to have
some ethics training each year."

NMSU is creating an ethics training program for state employees, Huhmann said.
And New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez's political appointees also have received
ethics training, he said.

"I think the culture in New Mexico is starting to turn around," Huhmann said.
"It's amazing how much you can get done when you have public trust."

But restoring honesty in government will add another burden for taxpayers.

"If you have to be worried about your public officials, you have to put in
checks and balances," Huhmann said. "If you change the rules and add extra
layers of security and all, those things are going to cost money."

Audits can ensure that public money is not stolen, the experts said. Procurement
reform, including the process initiated by the El Paso County Commissioners
Court to choose a new financial adviser, add time and can require additional
resources.

"It does cost money, but we have to know that they're (elected officials) taking
steps to show the county commission is honest," Huhmann said. "People need to
feel that, 'We've uncovered all the wrongdoings. Everybody who's bad is now out
and now we're going to start fresh.'"

In addition to changing the way financial advisers are chosen, El Paso County
Judge Veronica Escobar has championed other reforms, including a beefed-up
county ethics ordinance and more transparent procurement procedures.

But more fundamental things are needed, she said, listing among them an
aggressive, responsible news media, ethical, aggressive law enforcement and an
active, engaged citizenry.

Escobar said she is working to attract honest, talented candidates to run for
office in the next election cycle instead of allowing so many incumbents to run
unopposed. "I still am optimistic," Escobar said.

Just feet from El Paso, Juárez residents probably have more reason for pessimism
than in any city in the United States.

"The government here never did the right thing," said Hernan Ortiz, a professor
at Universidad Autcnoma de Ciudad Juárez.

He described a society in which black-market vendors bribe officials to avoid
paying taxes, depriving the public of much-needed revenue for such purposes as
an effective mass-transit system.

"Everyone knows about it," Ortiz said.

Likening the ruling class in Juárez to a royal court of the Middle Ages, Ortiz
said the city sets aside $700,000 a year for college scholarships, while it is
spending $2.3 million on a metal sculpture for the Chamizal park that is of
dubious artistic value and is taking an inordinately long time to complete.

"It's a red X like you got something bad on your exam," Ortiz said.

Though Juárez lacks a tradition of an honest government and shows scant evidence
of one now, Ortiz hasn't given up the most basic element of reform -- hope.

"It's not the government that makes things happen in Ciudad Juárez, it's the
people," Ortiz said. "I think people have hope in people."

Cook holds similar hopes for the people of El Paso. "The everyday person needs
to get involved in what their officials are doing," the mayor said. "Hold them
to task. There are honest people out there and dishonest people out there."

Marty Schladen may be reached at mschladen@elpasotimes.com; 546-6127.

Chris Roberts may be reached at chrisr@elpasotimes.com; 546-6136.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former County Judge Anthony Cobos was escorted out of his home by
several FBI agents in El Paso westside then loaded into an unmarked suburban
wher he was cuffed then put intot he vehicle. Ruben R Ramirez/El Paso Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                             August 26, 2012 Sunday

In Chicago, Obama is a shoo-in, but is it enough?

LENGTH: 751 words


I write this week from Chicago, President Obama's home base from which he
launched his election campaign in 2008.  He eventually made history by getting
elected the first African American to assume US presidency.  His friend and
former Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel is Chicago's mayor nowadays; he has been at
this post since April 2012.  Emanuel was credited with the success of Obama's
presidential bid success and he is now reported to be heavily involved in the
President's reelection campaign.Despite the economic dire straits the city is
going through, Chicago seems to be all for Obama's reelection, although that may
be just among the political elite of this highly politicized city.   If in fact
the whole city is for the President's reelection, it could be out of partisan
loyalty.  Chicago, after all, is a one-party town; since 1927, all its mayors
have been from the Democratic Party.  In addition, since 2008, all its city
council members (called aldermen here) have been Democrats, except one.  It is
therefore logical to expect it to vote for Obama come November, and for
Democratic candidates for Congress, as usual. That is of course good news for
the White House.  Chicago is very important politically as Obama's home base,
and economically, for its large role in Midwestern economy - shipping, trading,
industry and agriculture.  However, as the American Midwest has been hit
especially hard by the recession, Chicago has also suffered disproportionately.

 Despite all of that, as I pointed out, Chicago is most likely going to vote for
Obama, because it thinks of him as its own.

  As you may recall, the Chicago political machine has helped Obama get to the
White House.  Fortunately for the President, he has not been implicated in any
of its shenanigans.  However, its reputation may have become a burden, as the
Republican presumptive candidate Mitt Romney tries to portray himself as the
anti-politician - the outsider who will right the wrongs of more established
politician machines.There is another side to Chicago.  Together with its
important role in the economy, Chicago politics has been synonymous with
corruption for a long time.  A recent research project by a former Chicago
politician turned academic, Dick Simpson, concluded that Chicago is the "most
corrupt city in America".  According to him, it has had a long history of
corruption, going back to the first corruption trial, held in 1869 when city
officials were convicted of graft.  According to Simpson, there have been a
total of 1,531 public corruption convictions in Chicago since 1976.Since the
1970s, four of Illinois' seven governors have been convicted of a variety of
crimes (Otto Kerner, Dan Walker, George Ryan and Rod Blagojevich). In addition,
dozens of Chicago alderman and other city and county public officials have been
found guilty, Simpson said.  In fact, corruption is intertwined with city
politics that about a third of sitting aldermen since 1973 have been convicted
of corruption!Fortunately for President Obama, none of this legacy has affected
him.  Instead, it is the economy that may bring an end to his presidency.  Bleak
job reports, month after month, have weakened his credibility in managing the
economy, as his rival has hammered in repeatedly on this particular point.  It
helps him only partially that unemployment has come down from 10.5% just two
years ago, to 8.2% nowadays, because the new level is still considered too high
and job creation has been only slight in recent months.Earlier this month, the
Gallup polling service released new job approval polls taken in all fifty states
with the headline, "Thirteen States and D.C. Give Obama Majority Approval."  But
it can be read as Obama scored below majority approval in 37 States, which is
not good for any candidate just a few months before the election.In most states
I have visited since July, from California to Illinois, the President appears
well-liked, except among the fringe right which has never reconciled itself to
Obama's presidency.   However, failure to get the US back on the path of solid
economic growth has hurt him even among his Democratic base.  In addition, many
of his loyalists have been disillusioned by what they consider to be too many
compromises with the Republicans.In sum, many people in those states voiced
doubts that President Obama could get another term, unless the economy does a
major turnaround before November, which seems unlikely.Or, of course, if the
Republicans self-destruct!

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2012 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday

Korea Urged to Enforce Anti-Corruption Law Strictly

BYLINE: By Do Je-hae

LENGTH: 426 words


Staff Reporter

Korea needs to reinforce anti-corruption rules for the corporate sector, such as
reproducing a version of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of the U.S., the Korean chapter
of a leading global anti-corruption NGO said Thursday.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, also known as the Public Company Accounting
Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002, is a U.S. federal law created as a
reaction to a series of major corporate accounting scandals involving Enron,
Tyco International and WorldCom, among others.

The NGO proposed that Korea adopt such regulations and demonstrate stricter
adherence to the international anti-corruption conventions of the OECD and the
U.N.

The proposals were made during a press conference in Seoul after Transparency
International (TI) released its Global Corruption Report 2009: Corruption and
the Private Sector (GCR2009).

The organization cited corporate sector corruption as one of the biggest
hindrances to sustainable economic development.

Bribes, political lobbying and price-fixing and other disruptive practices have
led to costly consequences worldwide, the report said.

"We urge the government's active assistance of corporations that display
leadership in ethical management. In turn, corporations should stay away from
bribes and practice clean management," a spokesperson for TI-Korea said.

Based in Berlin, Germany, the TI is a global civil organization devoted to the
fight against corruption.

The GCR is published every year as policy reference for decision-makers in
business, academia, government and civil society.

The GCR2009 contains a report on the status of corruption in 49 countries,
including Korea.

Released concurrently in New York and Berlin, the report called for more action
to reduce threats to global economic stability.

"It is not just a question of tackling corruption in business - it is also
important for financial and economic stability and the ongoing reforms of the
global financial architecture," it said.

"In order to weather the global financial downturn, corporations must promote a
culture of integrity," said Huguette Labelle, chairman of the TI board of
directors.

The report documented cases of the abuse of power for personal gain by managers
of corporate institutions, majority shareholders and other actors.

It also presented evidence of the growing risk of disproportionate influence of
corporate lobbying.

The report came as leaders from the Group of 20 advanced and developing nations
met in Pittsburgh this week to coordinate new financial rules for preventing
future economic crises.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              June 13, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

All out against corruption ;
 Right kind of intolerance in Palm Beach County.

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 406 words


If public officials and those who do business with government haven't by now
sensed that Palm Beach County doesn't intend to tolerate corruption, they might
consider just how many ways they can get caught.

1. Independent inspector general: Sheryl Steckler, inspector general for the
Florida Department of Children and Families, will set up the county's first
inspector general's office. She starts June 28. Voters will have a chance in
November to extend the office's reach to cities.

2. Commission on Ethics: Chaired by retired Circuit Judge Edward Rodgers, the
five-member panel appointed by five separate groups oversees county compliance
with new laws governing ethics, gifts and lobbyists.

3. The Department of Justice: The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern
District of Florida is so large that U.S. Attorney Wilfredo Ferrer last month
announced that Edward Nucci, a prosecutor with 25 years' experience, will
oversee the Fort Lauderdale, West Palm Beach and Treasure Coast offices, leaving
Mr. Ferrer in charge of the Miami-Dade and Monroe offices. In West Palm Beach,
the office has been responsible for probes that imprisoned three county
commissioners. The DOJ continues to dedicate a team to public corruption.

4. The FBI: Inspired by its role in the successful prosecution of county
politicians, the FBI added a half-dozen agents to its West Palm Beach office in
2007 to pursue public corruption and other crimes.

5. State attorney's office: The new ethics commission hired the office's
corruption prosecutor, Alan Johnson. But State Attorney Michael McAuliffe has
replaced him with 12-year prosecutor Bryan Poulton. In less than a year, the
office has worked on two major cases: a fake driver license scam in Delray Beach
and a Palm Beach employee demanding kickbacks to award construction jobs.

There also are corruption investigators in the sheriff's office, auditing
functions in the clerk and comptroller's office and internal audit functions
within some cities and the county. This patchwork succeeds, however, only if it
can be stitched into a quilt. The inspector general, for instance, can build
cases but will need law enforcement agencies to make arrests and bring charges.
The Legislature could help by giving state prosecutors the same anti-corruption
powers given to federal prosecutors.

Complaints that once would have been ignored now will be investigated.
Corruption County moves ever closer to being Clean County.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Cuomo Appointees Dash Lawmakers' Hopes for Raise

BYLINE: By JESSE McKINLEY and VIVIAN YEE; Jesse McKinley reported from Albany,
and Vivian Yee from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1185 words


ALBANY -- It has been nearly two decades since New York State lawmakers have had
an increase in pay, a period that has seen two recessions, three presidents and
more corruption scandals than most people can count.

But any immediate hopes of higher wages were dashed on Tuesday, as a key state
commission, led by three appointees of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, declined to throw
its weight behind a raise for legislators.

Fran Reiter, a former senior aide to the governor who serves on the commission,
the State Commission on Legislative, Judicial and Executive Compensation, said
the reasoning was largely based on the public's distaste for Albany's continuing
ethics problems.

Ms. Reiter said the governor's appointees would support a meaningful raise only
if the Legislature -- which is not due back in the capital until early January
-- held a special session before the end of this year to pass legislation that
would ''address the public's concern and opposition by making the position
effectively full-time and limiting outside income.'' She said the Legislature
had so far shown ''obstinacy'' in failing to pass such ethics measures.

The lack of support from Mr. Cuomo's nominees, combined with abstentions by the
commission's judicial nominees, doomed a proposal to substantially increase
lawmakers' pay, currently fixed at $79,500 a year. The proposal would have
brought the pay to upward of $110,000 a year, a figure pegged to a yearly
increase of a little more than 2 percent, applied retroactively to the
lawmakers' last increase, in 1999.

The lack of a cap on income earned outside the Legislature has contributed to
several corruption scandals, including one that ensnared the former State
Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, a Democrat who was convicted on corruption
charges last November. Shortly after that, Mr. Silver's counterpart in the
Senate, Dean G. Skelos, a Republican who was majority leader, was also convicted
of corruption charges, along with his son, Adam.

At the same time, the $79,500 yearly salary impels many lawmakers to pursue some
form of supplemental income; the New York City Council, for example, voted in
February to raise its members' pay to $148,500.

''I know in metropolitan New York, an $80,000-a-year job doesn't get the best
people available,'' said Roman B. Hedges, a representative of the Assembly
speaker, Carl E. Heastie, a Democrat.

Mr. Hedges had argued in a letter to the commission that better pay would create
a ''more professional Legislature'' and attract more candidates willing to serve
in Albany. He said on Tuesday that the governor's position, as expressed by Ms.
Reiter, amounted to a political ultimatum in what was supposed to be a
nonpolitical decision.

''That's what I just think I heard: 'Do it my way or don't do it all,''' Mr.
Hedges said.

Frustration with the governor's appointees also came from other members of the
panel. Barry Cozier, one of the representatives of the state's chief judge, said
the executive members' approach amounted to an ''abdication'' of their
responsibilities.

Ms. Reiter was ready to hit back. ''My opinions are my own,'' she said, adding
that she was ''offended'' by suggestions that she had carried water for the
governor. ''I've had zero -- no -- communication with the governor of this
state,'' she said.

The decision seems likely to set up a prolonged political battle -- with pay as
the prize -- between the governor and the Legislature. Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat,
was already facing a potentially emboldened Senate, where Republicans had a
surprisingly strong election last week despite Democrats' high expectations, and
despite Mr. Cuomo's more active stumping for his party's candidates.

In a rare display, the two legislative leaders issued a joint news release
shortly after the commission's decision, calling the action of the governor's
appointees ''completely unacceptable'' and one that ''far exceeds the mandate of
the commission, which was to evaluate the need for an increase in compensation
based primarily on economic factors.''

But the statement from Speaker Heastie, a Bronx Democrat, and John J. Flanagan,
a Long Island Republican who serves as the Senate majority leader, gave no
indication that legislators would return to Albany this year to take up the
measures the governor seeks. The statement said instead that ''the Legislature
will continue to focus on issues that truly matter to New Yorkers.''

The commission was established last year to independently evaluate compensation
for all three branches of state government. But as with many things Albany, the
influence -- and interests -- of the governor has been the source of much
speculation, in large part because the makeup of the commission is weighted
toward the executive branch. Mr. Cuomo nominates three members, with the chief
judge of the Court of Appeals nominating two. The leaders of the Assembly and
the Senate were each allowed to nominate one member.

As the commission weighed its options, Mr. Cuomo signaled that he would not
support a raise without extracting something from the two legislative chambers,
repeatedly calling on legislators to make their case for a raise by testifying
to the commission.

After the vote on Tuesday, Mr. Cuomo said that the public was ''99 to 1''
against raising lawmakers' wages. (An online petition opposing the raise
garnered 12,000 signatures. ''Have YOU ever gotten a 47 percent raise?'' the
petition asked.)

''If they are really confident in their position, the Legislature can just vote
themselves a raise,'' the governor told reporters after an event in Rochester.
''Let them stand up and say, 'We deserve a raise.'''

Yet several prominent ethics-in-government activists have stepped forward to
argue for better pay. The logic: Higher legitimate pay would mean fewer
temptations for outside income, whether technically legal or definitively not.

Dick Dadey, the executive director of Citizens Union, said he believed that
lawmakers should enact a limit on outside earned income but also that they
deserved a modest raise. He was also troubled by the manner in which the
decision was made.

''This is intended to be an apolitical commission that appears to have acted
politically by seeking an inappropriate quid pro quo,'' Mr. Dadey said.

Raises in Albany have been the subject of political jockeying before. In 1998,
the last time the Legislature won a raise, Gov. George E. Pataki, a Republican,
managed to tie it to authorizing charter schools in the state. The raise took
effect in 1999.

Richard Azzopardi, a spokesman for Mr. Cuomo, seemed to offer some room for
conciliation. ''The governor believes the members should keep working at it
because they have until the end of the year,'' he said.

Regardless of the political machinations, some legislators were openly eager for
raises. ''I think whatever they are going to give us is not enough,'' State
Senator Simcha Felder, a Brooklyn Democrat who caucuses with the majority
Republicans, said on Monday.

Asked how much he felt the legislators deserved, Mr. Felder joked, ''You'd have
to ask my mother that.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/16/nyregion/new-york-lawmakers-will-not-get-pay-r
aise-commission-decides.html

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Former BVU Board Chairman Pleads Guilty

LENGTH: 926  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of Virginia has issued
the following news release:



  The former Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Bristol Virginia
Utilities Authority pled guilty this morning in the United States District Court
for the Western District of Virginia in Abingdon to a Federal conspiracy charge,
United States Attorney John P. Fishwick Jr. announced.





 Bruce J. Clifton Jr., 64, of Bristol, Va., waived his right to be indicted and
pled guilty this morning to a one count Information charging him with conspiracy
to commit program fraud and having knowledge of the actual commission of felony
and concealing such felony from the United States.



 "The level of corruption at BVU was overwhelming," United States Attorney John
P. Fishwick Jr. said today. "In cooperation with our partners in law
enforcement, we continue to dismantle these corrupt individuals and put those
who have profited from corruption in federal prison."



 "The sheer number of FBI investigations and subsequent charges against
individuals involved in the Bristol Virginia Utilities Authority should
demonstrate the government's commitment to seeking out and holding accountable
those who manipulate the system for their personal gain.  Public corruption
continues to be the Bureau's top criminal priority.  We encourage the public to
continue to report suspicious activity; through their concern and information
the FBI strives to wipe out corruption at all levels," said Adam S. Lee, Special
Agent in Charge of the FBI's Richmond Division.



 According to evidence presented at today's hearing by Assistant United States
Attorney Zachary T. Lee, Clifton was a citizen member of the BVU Board of
Directors from January 2, 2010 through March 27, 2016, having served as the
Chairman of the Board from July 2015 to March 27, 2016.



 In 2011, BVU entered into an agreement with Company #1. The agreement stated
that if BVU signed a contract with Company #1, Company #1 would pay to entertain
BVU executives and BVU Board Members in Dallas, Texas. This entertainment
included the payment of hotel expenses, limousine services, meals and tickets to
an NFL game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Seattle Seahawks on November 6,
2011, in which not only tickets would be provided but also access to a luxury
suite would be available. On or about September 29, 2011, a contract was entered
into with Company #1 and funds in the amount of $4,496,096 were allocated by BVU
to pay Company #1.



 On or about November 5, 2011 and November 8, 2011, Wes Rosenbalm, Bruce J.
Clifton Jr., and other members of the BVU Board of Directors, traveled to
Dallas, Texas. During this trip, these individuals attended a Dallas Cowboys
football game, stayed at the Westin Park Central Hotel, were transported by a
limousine service, were provided a tour of Dallas, Texas, and were provided
multiple meals, all at the expense of Company #1.



 The total value of the services and things of value provided to Clifton,
individually, was approximately, $2,500. The total costs to Company #1 for
providing these services and things of value to Clifton and BVU employees and
BVU Board Members, exceeded $10,000. On or about January 9, 2012, Clifton
completed his Virginia state mandated financial disclosure form for the year
2011 and did not disclose the payment of expenses and things of value he
received from Company #1 for his trip to Dallas, Texas.



 In addition, Clifton, who is a general sales manager of Company #2, used his
position on the BVU Board of Directors and worked with BVU Employee #3, to
ensure that Company #2 secured bids to provide BVU with fleet vehicles. Clifton
ensured Company #2 won bids to provide vehicles to BVU by getting information
from BVU Employee #3 about each bid submitted and then adjusting the bid from
Company #2 to ensure it was the lowest bid. When Employee #3 passed away in
April 2011, Clifton approached BVU Employee #4 and explained that Employee #3
would tell Clifton when he was not the low bidder for a contract and when
Clifton needed to "sharpen his pencil."



 On or about July 17, 2015, Clifton was interviewed by an agent with the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and admitted that Clifton had told another car salesman
that he had been provided inside information related to bids received by BVU for
the purchase of automobiles.



 Clifton admitted today that on September 16, 2013, the BVU Board of Directors
met and after entering executive session, discussed the implications of alleged
misconduct of Wes Rosenbalm. During that meeting, which BVU Board Members did
not know was being recorded, members discussed the fact that many of the board
members had engaged in similar activity, including accepting tickets and
attending the previous trip to Dallas, Texas, which had been paid for by a
vendor. Board members also discussed that many other employees could get wrapped
up in a scandal if the information related to Wes Rosenbalm came to light in
public. Specifically, Stacey Pomrenke and David Copeland were employees
mentioned as potentially being involved in illegal activity associated with
vendors of BVU.



 The investigation of the case was conducted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation.
Assistant United States Attorney Zachary Lee and Special Assistant United States
Attorney Kevin Jayne prosecuted the case for the United States.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Former BVU Board Chairman Pleads Guilty

LENGTH: 926  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of Virginia has issued
the following news release:



  The former Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Bristol Virginia
Utilities Authority pled guilty this morning in the United States District Court
for the Western District of Virginia in Abingdon to a Federal conspiracy charge,
United States Attorney John P. Fishwick Jr. announced.





 Bruce J. Clifton Jr., 64, of Bristol, Va., waived his right to be indicted and
pled guilty this morning to a one count Information charging him with conspiracy
to commit program fraud and having knowledge of the actual commission of felony
and concealing such felony from the United States.



 "The level of corruption at BVU was overwhelming," United States Attorney John
P. Fishwick Jr. said today. "In cooperation with our partners in law
enforcement, we continue to dismantle these corrupt individuals and put those
who have profited from corruption in federal prison."



 "The sheer number of FBI investigations and subsequent charges against
individuals involved in the Bristol Virginia Utilities Authority should
demonstrate the government's commitment to seeking out and holding accountable
those who manipulate the system for their personal gain.  Public corruption
continues to be the Bureau's top criminal priority.  We encourage the public to
continue to report suspicious activity; through their concern and information
the FBI strives to wipe out corruption at all levels," said Adam S. Lee, Special
Agent in Charge of the FBI's Richmond Division.



 According to evidence presented at today's hearing by Assistant United States
Attorney Zachary T. Lee, Clifton was a citizen member of the BVU Board of
Directors from January 2, 2010 through March 27, 2016, having served as the
Chairman of the Board from July 2015 to March 27, 2016.



 In 2011, BVU entered into an agreement with Company #1. The agreement stated
that if BVU signed a contract with Company #1, Company #1 would pay to entertain
BVU executives and BVU Board Members in Dallas, Texas. This entertainment
included the payment of hotel expenses, limousine services, meals and tickets to
an NFL game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Seattle Seahawks on November 6,
2011, in which not only tickets would be provided but also access to a luxury
suite would be available. On or about September 29, 2011, a contract was entered
into with Company #1 and funds in the amount of $4,496,096 were allocated by BVU
to pay Company #1.



 On or about November 5, 2011 and November 8, 2011, Wes Rosenbalm, Bruce J.
Clifton Jr., and other members of the BVU Board of Directors, traveled to
Dallas, Texas. During this trip, these individuals attended a Dallas Cowboys
football game, stayed at the Westin Park Central Hotel, were transported by a
limousine service, were provided a tour of Dallas, Texas, and were provided
multiple meals, all at the expense of Company #1.



 The total value of the services and things of value provided to Clifton,
individually, was approximately, $2,500. The total costs to Company #1 for
providing these services and things of value to Clifton and BVU employees and
BVU Board Members, exceeded $10,000. On or about January 9, 2012, Clifton
completed his Virginia state mandated financial disclosure form for the year
2011 and did not disclose the payment of expenses and things of value he
received from Company #1 for his trip to Dallas, Texas.



 In addition, Clifton, who is a general sales manager of Company #2, used his
position on the BVU Board of Directors and worked with BVU Employee #3, to
ensure that Company #2 secured bids to provide BVU with fleet vehicles. Clifton
ensured Company #2 won bids to provide vehicles to BVU by getting information
from BVU Employee #3 about each bid submitted and then adjusting the bid from
Company #2 to ensure it was the lowest bid. When Employee #3 passed away in
April 2011, Clifton approached BVU Employee #4 and explained that Employee #3
would tell Clifton when he was not the low bidder for a contract and when
Clifton needed to "sharpen his pencil."



 On or about July 17, 2015, Clifton was interviewed by an agent with the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and admitted that Clifton had told another car salesman
that he had been provided inside information related to bids received by BVU for
the purchase of automobiles.



 Clifton admitted today that on September 16, 2013, the BVU Board of Directors
met and after entering executive session, discussed the implications of alleged
misconduct of Wes Rosenbalm. During that meeting, which BVU Board Members did
not know was being recorded, members discussed the fact that many of the board
members had engaged in similar activity, including accepting tickets and
attending the previous trip to Dallas, Texas, which had been paid for by a
vendor. Board members also discussed that many other employees could get wrapped
up in a scandal if the information related to Wes Rosenbalm came to light in
public. Specifically, Stacey Pomrenke and David Copeland were employees
mentioned as potentially being involved in illegal activity associated with
vendors of BVU.



 The investigation of the case was conducted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation.
Assistant United States Attorney Zachary Lee and Special Assistant United States
Attorney Kevin Jayne prosecuted the case for the United States.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

3lines hed here please

BYLINE: Tom Precious NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1309 words


ALBANY - Federal prosecutors on Monday notched another target in Albany's
ongoing corruption saga, arresting State Senate Majority Leader Dean G. Skelos
on extortion, bribery and other charges. Prosecutors said Skelos used his
position to enrich his son with financial opportunities from firms with business
before the state.

Skelos, a 67-year-old Long Island Republican, turned himself in to FBI agents on
charges he pressured firms to hire his son at inflated retainer fees or face his
powerful political wrath. His son, Adam, 32, was also charged in the matter.

Skelos and his son were charged with six counts. Prosecutors said the extortion
operation had been ongoing since 2010.

In a statement Monday, Skelos said: "I am innocent of the charges leveled
against me. I am not saying I am just not guilty, I am saying that I am
innocent. I fully expect to be exonerated by a public jury trial."

Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney in Manhattan, spoke at a news conference in
Manhattan to outline the case against Skelos.

"Public corruption is a deep-seated problem in New York State," Bharara said.

He added that corruption is spread between the two legislative houses and across
both major parties.

Skelos' arrest came just four months after then-Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver,
a Democrat, resigned his leadership post after being accused of corruption.

Repeating what he has said before about future corruption cases involving
officials in Albany, Bharara said, "You should stay tuned."

Diego Rodriguez, assistant director in charge of the FBI's New York field
office, said the senator helped steer more than $200,000 in payments to his son
as part of a "back-door'' bribery scheme.

In February, when reports of a federal investigation already were spreading in
Albany, Skelos, in one call intercepted by the FBI, warned his son to cancel a
meeting with other senators regarding legislation meant to benefit his client.

"Right now, we are in dangerous times, Adam," the senator is quoted as saying.

The 43-page criminal complaint charges that Skelos did "cause entities with
business before New York State to direct payments" to his son "with the
expectation that Dean Skelos would use his official position on their behalf."

The effort, the complaint states, involved a downstate real estate developer and
a Long Island environmental technology company. The complaint alleges money
driven to Adam Skelos was meant for Skelos to be "influenced and rewarded."

The complaint included alleged insights of a powerful political leader and his
son. With one of Adam Skelos' clients interested in a state contracting
provision, his father, involved in closed-door budget talks with Gov. Andrew M.
Cuomo and two other legislative leaders at the time, kept his son apprised of
the negotiations.

The FBI recorded a number of conversations weeks and months after media accounts
reported Skelos and his son were the subject of a federal probe. On March 28,
Adam Skelos expressed frustration to his father that he could not talk openly
with him on the phone about a specific budget matter. Adam Skelos said he needed
the direct talks with his father because he could not "just send smoke signals
or a little pigeon with [a note tied]  to its foot."

On that call, Adam Skelos complained to his father that he was not offering him
"real advice" regarding one of his clients because "you can't talk normally
because it's like (expletive deleted) Preet Bharara is listening to every
(expletive deleted) phone call. It's just (expletive deleted) frustrating."

Dean Skelos responded, "It is."

The complaint does not name the two companies tied to Adam Skelos, but previous
media reports have identified them as Abtech, an environmental firm, and
Glenwood Management, a large downstate real estate development company.
Cooperating witnesses from the two firms have entered into "nonprosecution"
agreements with prosecutors that require their continued cooperation in the
probe of Skelos and his son. One of the witnesses said Dean Skelos used
"explicit language" to make clear that "he would punish members of the real
estate industry who Dean Skelos felt had not adequately supported him."

The complaint says that, sometime in 2010, the developer gave Adam Skelos a
one-time payment of $10,000 for work that he "did not perform" and payments of
$4,000 per month from the environmental technology company that was trying to
get government contracts in Nassau County. It states that Skelos and his son
threatened to block the company's attempt to win a multimillion-dollar county
contract unless Adam Skelos' fees were "substantially increased."

Adam Skelos then began getting $10,000 a month from the firm, the complaint
alleges. Through February, the firm paid Adam Skelos a total of $198,000.

The complaint states that Dean Skelos used his official position - by
influencing legislation and pressuring county officials - to benefit his son. As
recently as the March budget talks, prosecutors say Skelos attempted to get
changes into the state budget talks for provisions to benefit Adam Skelos'
environmental technology client.

Prosecutors said Skelos and his son used "coded language" in their discussions
and that Adam Skelos employed the use of what he called a "safe phone" and a
"burner phone" in a bid to cut off surveillance operations. They say the two men
"increased their acts of concealment" following the arrest of Silver in January.

In one cellphone conversation wiretapped by the FBI, according to the complaint,
Dean Skelos characterized his political power in Albany to his son: "I'm going
to be president of the Senate. I'm going to be majority leader. I'm going to
control everything. I'm going to control who gets on what committees, what
legislation goes to the floor, what legislation comes through committees, the
budget, everything."

The complaint frequently characterizes Adam Skelos  as cashing in on his
father's influence, and with Dean Skelos assisting with that endeavor. There
were well-timed meetings between Dean Skelos and firms that would engage the
services of his son. At one point in 2011, Adam Skelos bragged in an email to
one of his colleagues that he was "with my dad right now calling head of Nassau
IDA," a reference to the Nassau County Industrial Development Agency, which was
considering a hospital bond proposal for which Adam Skelos was trying to win
some title insurance work.

In another case, Dean Skelos met with the head of a grocery store chain at a
time when the company was considering purchasing energy services through Adam
Skelos. A day after meeting with Dean Skelos, the company in 2011 signed a deal
with Adam Skelos.

A lawmaker since 1984, Dean Skelos has also worked at Ruskin Moscou Faltischek,
a Long Island law firm. Prosecutors say Skelos has been paid $2.6 million by the
firm since 1994. They say it appears he "did not perform any actual legal work"
for the firm, but rather got money by referring clients to the firm.

Prosecutors say Dean Skelos was involved in a long "scheme" to steer money to
his son from businesses that made political donations to the senator.

Long a political powerhouse on Long Island, Dean Skelos often directly
intervened with pressure on Nassau County officials regarding contract payments
sought by the environmental firm that retained his son. The complaint said
county officials were "concerned" Dean Skelos might take action "adverse to the
interests of Nassau County if they did not satisfy his demands" regarding the
firm.

Prosecutors say Dean Skelos said contract delays were "hurting Adam Skelos
financially" and could result in the loss of his job. In December, Adam Skelos
was recorded telling one of the cooperating witnesses that the "state is not
going to do a (expletive deleted) thing for the county."

email: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

FBI wiretapped phone conversations

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1300 words


ALBANY - Federal prosecutors on Monday notched another target in Albany's
ongoing corruption saga, arresting State Senate Majority Leader Dean G. Skelos
on extortion, bribery and other charges. Prosecutors said Skelos used his
position to enrich his son with financial opportunities from firms with business
before the state.

Skelos, a 67-year-old Long Island Republican, turned himself in to FBI agents on
charges he pressured firms to hire his son at inflated retainer fees or face his
powerful political wrath. His son, Adam, 32, was also charged in the matter.

Skelos and his son were charged with six counts. Prosecutors said the extortion
operation had been ongoing since 2010.

In a statement Monday, Skelos said: "I am innocent of the charges leveled
against me. I am not saying I am just not guilty, I am saying that I am
innocent. I fully expect to be exonerated by a public jury trial."

Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney in Manhattan, spoke at a news conference in
Manhattan to outline the case against Skelos.

"Public corruption is a deep-seated problem in New York State," Bharara said.

He added that corruption is spread between the two legislative houses and across
both major parties.

Skelos' arrest came just four months after then-Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver,
a Democrat, resigned his leadership post after being accused of corruption.

Repeating what he has said before about future corruption cases involving
officials in Albany, Bharara said, "You should stay tuned."

Diego Rodriguez, assistant director in charge of the FBI's New York field
office, said the senator helped steer more than $200,000 in payments to his son
as part of a "back-door'' bribery scheme.

In February, when reports of a federal investigation already were spreading in
Albany, Skelos, in one call intercepted by the FBI, warned his son to cancel a
meeting with other senators regarding legislation meant to benefit his client.

"Right now, we are in dangerous times, Adam," the senator is quoted as saying.

The 43-page criminal complaint charges that Skelos did "cause entities with
business before New York State to direct payments" to his son "with the
expectation that Dean Skelos would use his official position on their behalf."

The effort, the complaint states, involved a downstate real estate developer and
a Long Island environmental technology company. The complaint alleges money
driven to Adam Skelos was meant for Skelos to be "influenced and rewarded."

The complaint included alleged insights of a powerful political leader and his
son. With one of Adam Skelos' clients interested in a state contracting
provision, his father, involved in closed-door budget talks with Gov. Andrew M.
Cuomo and two other legislative leaders at the time, kept his son apprised of
the negotiations.

The FBI recorded a number of conversations weeks and months after media accounts
reported Skelos and his son were the subject of a federal probe. On March 28,
Adam Skelos expressed frustration to his father that he could not talk openly
with him on the phone about a specific budget matter. Adam Skelos said he needed
the direct talks with his father because he could not "just send smoke signals
or a little pigeon with [a note tied]  to its foot."

On that call, Adam Skelos complained to his father that he was not offering him
"real advice" regarding one of his clients because "you can't talk normally
because it's like (expletive deleted) Preet Bharara is listening to every
(expletive deleted) phone call. It's just (expletive deleted) frustrating."

Dean Skelos responded, "It is."

The complaint does not name the two companies tied to Adam Skelos, but previous
media reports have identified them as Abtech, an environmental firm, and
Glenwood Management, a large downstate real estate development company.
Cooperating witnesses from the two firms have entered into "nonprosecution"
agreements with prosecutors that require their continued cooperation in the
probe of Skelos and his son. One of the witnesses said Dean Skelos used
"explicit language" to make clear that "he would punish members of the real
estate industry who Dean Skelos felt had not adequately supported him."

The complaint says that, sometime in 2010, the developer gave Adam Skelos a
one-time payment of $10,000 for work that he "did not perform" and payments of
$4,000 per month from the environmental technology company that was trying to
get government contracts in Nassau County. It states that Skelos and his son
threatened to block the company's attempt to win a multimillion-dollar county
contract unless Adam Skelos' fees were "substantially increased."

Adam Skelos then began getting $10,000 a month from the firm, the complaint
alleges. Through February, the firm paid Adam Skelos a total of $198,000.

The complaint states that Dean Skelos used his official position - by
influencing legislation and pressuring county officials - to benefit his son. As
recently as the March budget talks, prosecutors say Skelos attempted to get
changes into the state budget talks for provisions to benefit Adam Skelos'
environmental technology client.

Prosecutors said Skelos and his son used "coded language" in their discussions
and that Adam Skelos employed the use of what he called a "safe phone" and a
"burner phone" in a bid to cut off surveillance operations. They say the two men
"increased their acts of concealment" following the arrest of Silver in January.

In one cellphone conversation wiretapped by the FBI, according to the complaint,
Dean Skelos characterized his political power in Albany to his son: "I'm going
to be president of the Senate. I'm going to be majority leader. I'm going to
control everything. I'm going to control who gets on what committees, what
legislation goes to the floor, what legislation comes through committees, the
budget, everything."

The complaint frequently characterizes Adam Skelos  as cashing in on his
father's influence, and with Dean Skelos assisting with that endeavor. There
were well-timed meetings between Dean Skelos and firms that would engage the
services of his son. At one point in 2011, Adam Skelos bragged in an email to
one of his colleagues that he was "with my dad right now calling head of Nassau
IDA," a reference to the Nassau County Industrial Development Agency, which was
considering a hospital bond proposal for which Adam Skelos was trying to win
some title insurance work.

In another case, Dean Skelos met with the head of a grocery store chain at a
time when the company was considering purchasing energy services through Adam
Skelos. A day after meeting with Dean Skelos, the company in 2011 signed a deal
with Adam Skelos.

A lawmaker since 1984, Dean Skelos has also worked at Ruskin Moscou Faltischek,
a Long Island law firm. Prosecutors say Skelos has been paid $2.6 million by the
firm since 1994. They say it appears he "did not perform any actual legal work"
for the firm, but rather got money by referring clients to the firm.

Prosecutors say Dean Skelos was involved in a long "scheme" to steer money to
his son from businesses that made political donations to the senator.

Long a political powerhouse on Long Island, Dean Skelos often directly
intervened with pressure on Nassau County officials regarding contract payments
sought by the environmental firm that retained his son. The complaint said
county officials were "concerned" Dean Skelos might take action "adverse to the
interests of Nassau County if they did not satisfy his demands" regarding the
firm.

Prosecutors say Dean Skelos said contract delays were "hurting Adam Skelos
financially" and could result in the loss of his job. In December, Adam Skelos
was recorded telling one of the cooperating witnesses that the "state is not
going to do a (expletive deleted) thing for the county."

email: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

'MEGADROUGHT' RISK INCREASING

BYLINE: Compiled from wire reports

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-4

LENGTH: 541 words


ITHACA, N. Y. - The chance of a "megadrought" gripping the Southwest for more
than 30 years has increased to 50 percent, scientists say, which means bad news
for California's already parched landscape.

The odds of a 10-year drought afflicting the southwestern U.S. have increased to
80 percent, according to a new study by Cornell University, the University of
Arizona and the U.S. Geological Survey.

The study is scheduled to be published next month in the American Meteorological
Society's Journal of Climate.

Virginia corruption trial

RICHMOND, Va. - Prosecutors in the corruption trial of former Gov. Bob McDonnell
of Virginia and his wife, Maureen, told jurors that overwhelming circumstantial
evidence connected the luxury gifts and loans the couple took from a wealthy
businessman and the actions the governor took on his behalf.

In final arguments to the jury on Friday, David Harbach, an assistant U.S.
attorney, tried to connect 23 days of detailed, sometimes confusing testimony to
narrate the government's case for the seven men and five women of the jury, who
are expected to begin deliberations next week. Defense lawyers for Bob and
Maureen McDonnell were to separately present their final arguments later Friday.

Election case dismissed

JACKSON, Miss. - A Mississippi judge on Friday dismissed an election challenge
brought by Tea Party-backed U.S. Senate candidate Chris McDaniel, who claimed
incumbent Thad Cochran stole the Republican primary by encouraging voter fraud.

Special Judge Hollis McGehee found that Mr. McDaniel waited too long to file an
initial complaint with the state Republican Party.

Mr. McDaniel, a state senator, lost the Republican nomination in a June 24
runoff by roughly 7,700 votes.

Spy ringleader dies

John Walker Jr., a former American sailor convicted during the Cold War of
leading a family spy ring for the Soviet Union, has died in a prison hospital in
North Carolina, officials said Friday.

He died Thursday at the Federal Medical Center in Butner, Federal Bureau of
Prisons spokesman Chris Burke said. Prison officials did not release a cause of
death. He was 77.

His brother Arthur J. Walker, who made $12,000 for selling classified documents
to Soviet agents through John, died in the same federal prison in July. He was
79.

Troops use food banks

AUSTIN, Texas - Texas National Guard troops deployed to the border as part of
Gov. Rick Perry's emergency security plan have sought emergency assistance from
food banks in the Rio Grande Valley, officials said Friday.

According to the National Guard, an unknown number of deployed soldiers have
asked for help and were directed to local resources, including food banks.

KGBT, a Rio Grande Valley television station, reported Thursday that Food Bank
RGV was told that 50 troops in the valley don't have money for food and gas
because they haven't been paid since deploying earlier this month and aren't
scheduled to receive a paycheck until September.

Rubber duck deflated

LOS ANGELES -The giant rubber duck docked at Los Angeles harbor since last week
had to be deflated Thursday due to strong winds.

It wasn't the first time the giant duck, which docked in Pittsburgh last fall,
has been deflated. Video on YouTube shows the duck deflated after an earthquake
in Taiwan.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 24, 2009, Thursday

Federal prosecutors accuse Florida officials of corruption probe

BYLINE: Alexia Campbell, (South Florida) Sun Sentinel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P7A

LENGTH: 652 words


FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - Three South Florida officials were accused Wednesday in
a federal corruption probe that said they took money in return for helping
undercover FBI agents try to win county contracts or launder money.

At a news conference in Fort Lauderdale, acting U.S. Attorney Jeffrey H. Sloman
compared the investigation, dubbed "Operation Flat Screen," to recent corruption
probes in Miami-Dade and Palm Beach counties.

"Today we have a sense of deja vu," he said.

He concluded with the warning: "Our work will continue in Broward County. We are
not done."

The three officials are Broward County Commissioner Josephus Eggelletion, School
Board member Beverly Gallagher and former Miramar commissioner Fitzroy Salesman.

Eggelletion, Gallagher and Salesman have appearances in federal court in Fort
Lauderdale scheduled.

They were the subjects of a federal corruption investigation that began in April
2005, according to court documents.

Eggelletion is charged with money laundering for allegedly helping undercover
FBI agents who said they represented people who wanted to hide money in the
Bahamas.

He is accused of accepting at least $15,000 in cash.

Eggelletion's attorney Johnny McCray said his client was arrested at about 7:30
a.m. at his home.

In Tallahassee, Sterling Ivey, a spokesman for Gov. Charlie Crist, said the
governor has not issued an executive order suspending Eggelletion, but that it
is likely to happen.

"If a current elected official has been arrested, that's the route we would go,"
he said. "We would be waiting for documentation of the arrest. Anytime there's
been an elected official that's been arrested, we've issued an executive order
suspending them."

Gallagher is being charged with extortion, wire fraud and bribery, federal
authorities announced Wednesday.

An unsealed criminal complaint by the U.S. Attorney's Office claims Gallagher
promised two undercover FBI agents posing as businessmen seeking to obtain
school construction contracts that she could direct work to them.

She is accused of telling them they could "make a lot of money together."

During one restaurant meeting, Gallagher allegedly accepted $2,000 in cash
stuffed in a day planner. She put it in a plastic bag containing leftovers from
her meal and left, according to the court record.

In all, the complaint accuses her of accepting $12,500 in four separate payoffs.

Salesman, who served two weeks in jail earlier this year for improperly
displaying a firearm, is charged with extortion, mail fraud and bribery while in
office.

He is accused of accepting thousands of dollars from undercover FBI agents
seeking construction contracts with the county.

"The FBI came into his house, arrested him and told him to get dressed,"
Salesman's attorney, Eric Schwatrzreich, said. "He is now in federal detention."

Salesman was released from Broward County jail in May after serving two weeks in
jail for waving a gun in a supermarket.

He was convicted of a misdemeanor charge of improperly displaying a firearm.

Prosecutors said he drew his gun inside a Miramar Winn-Dixie during a
confrontation in November 2007. Salesman said he brandished the weapon after
being confronted by a 19-year-old man during an argument. Salesman said he
feared for his life.

The complaint against Eggelletion says that he agreed to provide undercover
agents with a banker in the Bahamas. He allegedly said that he didn't have to
adhere to the same ethical restrictions there that he faces in the United
States.

"If you want to do some deals in the Bahamas, let me know," the agents said
Eggelletion told them on May 30, 2006.

The agents said they had told Eggelletion they wanted to open offshore banking
accounts.

Gallagher, a divorced mother of three, was first elected to the school board in
2000. She was reelected twice.

The federal case focuses on the manipulation of the school district's
construction program by Gallagher and others who are not named.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

Anti-corruption potential of Magnitskiy law non-existent - Russian MP

LENGTH: 272 words


Text of report by corporate-owned Russian news agency Interfax

Moscow, 13 February: Head of the State Duma Foreign Affairs Committee Aleksey
Pushkov thinks the anti-corruption effect of the Magnitskiy law passed in the
USA is almost non-existent, as the figures on the list have neither bank
accounts nor property in the USA.

"As far as I know, the US president Barack Obama wasn't happy about the Congress
passing the Magnitskiy law," Pushkov said at a news conference at Interfax news
agency headquarters on Wednesday [13 February].

"It's obvious that this law can't have considerable impact on the Russian
policy," Pushkov said.

According to Pushkov, Russia is used to think that the document is aimed against
corruption. "But we have to fight corruption ourselves. That is not an anti-
corruption law, as the Magnitskiy law introduces sanctions against those people
who have been involved, according to American lawmakers, to the death of
Hermitage Capital lawyer [Sergey Magnitskiy]. Those are 60 people from the
prosecutor's office, FSIN [Federal Penal Service], tax services, who have no
property or bank accounts in the United States," Pushkov said.

"From that angle, the anti-corruption potential of the Magnitskiy law is
non-existent. Even if Americans will expand it, the extension of the Magnitskiy
list doesn't follow the corruption path," Pushkov has said.

"There is no anti-corruption component in the Magnitskiy law. That is a myth
created by the American Congress and taken up partly by our press (due to
reasons, which I do not quite get)," Pushkov noted.

Source: Interfax news agency, Moscow, in Russian 0832 gmt 13 Feb 13

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday

New Mexico's new laws to take effect on Wednesday

BYLINE: By Milan Simonich msimonich@tnmnp.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 683 words


SANTA FE   Public officials in New Mexico who commit a felony will have more to
lose starting Wednesday.

Those convicted in public corruption cases could be required to repay their
salaries and forfeit their accumulated state pension benefits.

A new state law gives judges the authority to increase the basic sentence by
adding those penalties.

Legislators approved the bill without any dissenting votes and Gov. Susana
Martinez signed it in February.

The corruption crackdown is one of 19 state laws that go into effect Wednesday.

Another of the new laws creates a fund to cover the costs of New Mexico's
medical marijuana program.

Companies licensed to provide cannabis for medical treatment pay the state fees
of $10,000 to $30,000 a year. Rather than that money going into the state's
general account, it will be maintained by the Department of Health to pay for
administration of the medical marijuana program.

"It means the few New Mexico taxpayers who objected to their money going toward
the medical marijuana program no longer have to worry," said the bill's sponsor,
Sen. Cisco McSorley, D-Albuquerque.

New Mexico has about 4,300 patients registered to use medical marijuana.

Also going on the books is a law to improve care for stroke patients, especially
residents of rural areas.

It authorizes the state Department of Health to certify any acute-care hospital
as a primary or comprehensive stroke center, provided that the hospital is
accredited.

"The result will be more access to critical care," said one of the bill's
sponsors, Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City. He teamed up with Republican Rep.
Conrad James of Albuquerque to write the bill.

It allows the secretary of health to adopt rules to assist and encourage primary
stroke centers to enter into coordinated care agreements with other health-care
providers throughout the state.

This will be accomplished without any increase in the state's costs, Morales
said.

Other new laws include:

c Turning the K-3 Plus pilot project into a permanent program of the state
Public Education Department. The program adds a minimum of 25 instructional days
for disadvantaged students in grades K-3.

Legislative analysts say third-graders who participated in K-3 Plus for at least
a year gained 7.5 points in reading, 43 points in writing and 12 points in math
compared to those who did not enter the program.

c Extending for five more years a tax break at New Mexico State University.

It is a deduction from the gross receipts tax for gate admissions at
non-athletic events. Legislators first granted the tax exception in 2007 because
administrators at NMSU said they were at a competitive disadvantage with the
University of Texas at El Paso in booking entertainment.

The new deduction on gross receipts taxes for NMSU lasts through June 30, 2017.
Rep. Mary Helen Garcia, D-Las Cruces, and Sen. Carlos Cisneros, D-Questa,
sponsored the bill.

c Increasing from two to four the number of hunting permits for bighorn rams
that will be raffled or sold through a lottery.

The stakes are high. A lottery for one bighorn hunting permit once brought the
state $190,000, according to the Department of Game and Fish.

Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington, sponsored the bill. Legislators estimate
bighorn permits and attendant federal matching funds will bring the state about
$800,000. All of the money will go back into programs to help the bighorn sheep
grow stronger in New Mexico. Bighorns were removed last year from the state's
endangered species list.

c Clarifying a tax break for a uranium enrichment plant near Eunice. With this
change, the plant's utility customers will not be taxed if they sell a uranium
compound before it is enriched.

Utility companies send uranium hexafluoride to the plant as part of a process
for producing nuclear power plant fuel.

c Elimination of the Office of Child Development in the Children, Youth and
Families Department.

c Making the New Mexico School for the Deaf and the New Mexico School for the
Blind and Visually Impaired eligible to seek money for certain capital projects.
Sen. Cynthia Nava, D-Las Cruces, sponsored this bill.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FLA. HIGH COURT REJECTS GRAND JURY ON CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By GEORGE BENNETT and DARA KAM Palm Beach Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 383 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


The Florida Supreme Court on Monday denied Gov. Charlie Crist's request for a
statewide grand jury to investigate corruption by public officials, ruling 6-1
that the governor's petition failed to meet "minimal allegations" required by
state law.

Within hours of the high court's action, Crist filed an amended petition for a
grand jury.

Under Florida law, a governor requesting a statewide grand jury must "state the
general crimes or wrongs to be inquired into and shall state that said crimes or
wrongs are of a multicircuit nature."

Crist originally asked for the grand jury Oct. 14, citing "the recent rash of
crimes committed by local and state public officials while acting in their
official capacity."

Three Palm Beach County commissioners and two West Palm Beach city commissioners
have gone to federal prison since 2006. Crist's original petition said Palm
Beach, Broward, Miami-Dade and five other counties should be part of the "base
operating area" for the grand jury to investigate.

The petition also listed 11 crimes for the grand jury to investigate, from
bribery to child pornography and drug offenses.

Crist filed an amended petition Oct. 27 that dropped the "base operating area"
suggestion and the list of 11 crimes while trying to bolster arguments that the
corruption problem extends to multiple judicial circuits.

The second petition argued that there is a statewide need to examine "whether
Florida's prosecutors have sufficient resources and statutes to effectively
combat corruption" and to investigate "underlying reasons for corruption in our
government."

The amendment filed late Monday incorporates the 11 specific crimes from the
first petition and the second petition's call for an examination of statewide
corruption issues and "underlying reasons."

Former Supreme Court Justice Gerald Kogan said he did not recall a governor ever
asking for a statewide grand jury during the 11 years he served on the bench.
Statewide grand juries have been ordered by the statewide prosecutor, who works
for the attorney general.

On a practical level, Kogan said, such an endeavor would be monumental.

"Do you realize what it would cost to have a statewide grand jury looking into
every nook and cranny of state and local officials?" Kogan asked.

~ george_bennett@pbpost.com

~ dara_kam@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Crist

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                            March 1, 2006, Wednesday

Corruption crackdown

BYLINE: TOM MURSE

SECTION: A; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 629  words


One of James Reeder's first cases as a state prosecutor was a real doozy: A
courthouse worker allegedly conspired with a friend to trick a judge into
erasing her husband's criminal record. "The two women got together to create a
court order, got a judge to sign it, and sent the paperwork down to the
Pennsylvania State Police Records Division," Reeder recalled. It is the type of
case - involving the misdeeds of government workers or elected officials - that
the Lancaster Township attorney will be handling from now on. Pennsylvania
Attorney General Tom Corbett on Tuesday appointed Reeder and six other
prosecutors to a newly created "Public Corruption Unit," a move that also served
as a warning to the gambling industry.

At a news conference in Harrisburg, Corbett said he is "putting a spotlight on
investigating and prosecuting public corruption cases at a crucial time in our
state's history - when slot machines and casino gaming is about to become
reality." The seasoned prosecutors will probe serious allegations of public
corruption among county and municipal officials, including police, referred to
them by district attorneys. They will also handle alleged election-law
violations and complaints referred to them by the State Ethics Commission.
Reeder, 55, has been a prosecutor in the attorney general's office since August.
He previously worked as an assistant district attorney in York County. How
Reeder ended up as an attorney, though, is a story in and of itself. His work as
a prosecutor began after not one, but two, dramatic career changes. "I graduated
from Penn State with a degree in geography and urban planning and there weren't
many jobs in that area," Reeder recalled. He initially went into banking, but
sought a new challenge. "I decided that the classical guitar was the most
difficult thing anyone could do," he said. "I took a couple years off to do
that, and thought if I could do that I can do anything." Reeder studied a decade
under internationally renowned guitar virtuoso Julian Gray. He then taught
classical guitar privately before deciding on his second major career change. "I
looked at the front page of the newspaper, and said, 'There's a lawyer involved
in that story, and that one and that one,'" Reeder recalled. "There appeared to
be a lot of work for lawyers." He graduated in 1995 from Widener University's
School of Law in Harrisburg. Reeder and Jonelle Harter Eshbach, both deputy
attorney generals, will be based in the Public Corruption Unit's Harrisburg
office and will handle cases in central and northern parts of the state. A chief
deputy, Frank Fina, will also work from that office. Four other prosecutors will
work out of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. Corbett called for the creation of a
special public-corruption unit in his 2004 campaign and said it would enable his
agency to prosecute such cases more efficiently. He said Tuesday the unit would
not cost any additional money because it is using current agency lawyers, many
of whom already handle public-corruption cases. "With the attorneys that we have
... we have the ability at this point in time to cover the cases that we have,"
Corbett said. Corbett said he established a similar unit during a previous stint
as attorney general. He was appointed to the office in 1995 by then-Gov. Tom
Ridge to serve the last 15 months of the term of Ernest Preate Jr. after Preate
was sent to prison for mail fraud. The gambling expansion law was passed by the
Legislature and signed by Gov. Ed Rendell in July 2004. It allows 61,000 slot
machines at 14 venues, including five freestanding slots parlors. No licenses
have yet been awarded. A license application for a slots parlor in downtown
Lancaster was rejected by the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board on Feb. 2.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Reeder Corbett

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 July 26, 2009
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

New Jersey, old sleaze

BYLINE: DOMINIC RUSHE

SECTION: BUSINESS;BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 474 words


TONY SOPRANO and friends did for New Jersey what the Kray twins did for London's
East End. Who would visit the Blind Beggar if the Krays hadn't killed there
first? Now busloads of tourists visit the unprepossessing Pizzaland and Muffler
Man from the programme's opening credits, perhaps in the hope that some of
Tony's animal magic will rub off on them.

Unsurprisingly, some in the Garden State were less than happy with the show's
portrayal of their home. Any hopes they had that the end of The Sopranos would
take the heat off New Jersey were crushed last week.

Following a two-year investigation into public corruption and international
money laundering, federal agents swept across New Jersey and New York last week
arresting 44 people, including three New Jersey mayors, two state assemblymen
and five rabbis.

The details are too good to be true. Cereal boxes stuffed with cash, $97,000
(¤68,000) to be precise, a trafficker in human kidneys and an informer wired for
sound.

Even the language they used seems scripted. According to the court papers,
corrupt payments were "invitations", approvals for development projects were
"opportunities" and $100,000 a month was "schnookied" from banks for bad loans.

There was a reason The Sopranos was set in New Jersey, where corruption between
business and politics has long been a problem. Three of Newark's former mayors
have been convicted of fraud. But this latest case seems to have shocked even
hardened investigators.

Corruption was "a way of life" for the defendants, said Ralph J Marra Jr, the
acting US attorney in New Jersey. "They existed in an ethics-free zone."

The victims were "the honest businessmen and the average citizens in this state.
They don't have a chance in this culture of corruption".

Untangling this web took an insider. Property developer Solomon Dwek decided to
co-operate after he was arrested for trying to pass a bad $25m cheque. Dwek wore
a wire for the FBI while offering to bribe New Jersey mayors and other public
officials. He seems to have had a talent for it.

Dwek's double-cross uncovered two separate schemes. One involved money
laundering among the Syrian Jewish community in Brooklyn and New Jersey. The
other was related to property deals and political corruption and bribery in
Jersey City and Hoboken, both hot spots during the recent property boom.

The court documents read like a pulp crime novel and give a dispiriting view of
New Jersey's political elite. Assemblyman Harvey Smith of Jersey City, a former
teacher, ran for office on an anti-corruption platform, telling The New York
Times: "I don't take cash. I don't let people give me things."

He is charged with taking $15,000 in bribes.

Naturally all those arrested deny all the charges and no one is guilty until
proven so. But no matter what the eventual verdicts, poor old New Jersey gets
hit again.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  July 9, 1998, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Studies cite inefficiency, corruption in drug war

BYLINE: Julia Malone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 01b

LENGTH: 553 words

DATELINE: Washington


As President Clinton launches a $ 2 billion anti-drug advertising campaign today
in Atlanta, new government studies point to mismanagement and stalemate on other
fronts of the nation's long-running war against drugs. Three reports issued in
recent weeks by the U.S. General Accounting Office (GAO), the investigative arm
of Congress, cite intelligence teams that don't communicate, drug intervention
ships that can't sail, planes with the wrong gear and corruption within police
ranks. Among the findings: The government runs a drug intelligence-gathering
effort that is spread among 1,400 workers in more than 20 organizations, most of
which operate independently of each other. The GAO found it was difficult even
to determine which agencies are involved in gathering drug intelligence. It
estimated the total cost of the effort at $ 298 million, not counting efforts by
the Central Intelligence Agency, whose budget details are kept secret. The
report underscores complaints by some critics, including budget expert Scott
Hodge, who wrote in a study for the conservative Heritage Foundation that the
dispersed intelligence-gathering centers are "among the most blatant examples of
government waste and mismanagement," especially since much of the information is
considered secret and not shared with fellow agencies. Recent U.S. attempts to
bolster Mexico's drug-fighting capacity have been a near-comedy of logistical
disasters, even as the drug-smuggling cartels in Mexico have grown stronger and
the flow of drugs into the United States has continued unabated. Although the
Defense Department provided tens of millions of dollars in equipment to Mexico,
much of it has been of little use, the GAO said in a report issued in late June.
For example, the Pentagon sent 73 UH-1H helicopters for counternarcotics
missions. However, these aircraft do not operate well at 5,000 feet above sea
level, where most drug activities, including cultivation of opium poppy, occur
in Mexico. Also, spare parts were in short supply, so that many of helicopters
have been grounded. Assessing the results of stepped-up U.S. aid and joint
U.S.-Mexico commitments dating to 1996, the GAO cited evidence that "the amount
of drugs flowing into the United States from Mexico remains essentially
unchanged, and no major drug-trafficking organization has been dismantled." Drug
corruption within police departments of American cities is widespread and kept
hidden by the "code of silence" among police officers. In a survey of experts,
studies, and police officers, the government investigators found that no data
are kept on the overall extent of the problem nationwide. "Notwithstanding the
lack of systematic data, the (anti-corruption) commissions and some academic
experts described cases of drug-related police corruption in large cities such
as Atlanta, Chicago, Cleveland, Detroit, Los Angeles, Miami, New Orleans, New
York, and Philadelphia," said a GAO report released in May. The study concluded
that drug-related police corruption is especially serious because in addition to
protecting criminals, these officers "were more likely to be actively involved
in the commission of a variety of crimes, including stealing drugs and/or money
from drug dealers, selling drugs, and lying under oath about illegal searches."

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 6, 2014 Thursday

Is Rio Grande Valley corruption a third-world problem?

BYLINE: Dave Hendricks, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 762 words


Feb. 06--MCALLEN -- Attorney General Greg Abbott didn't quite call the Rio
Grande Valley a third world country on Tuesday, but the Republican gubernatorial
candidate's comparison between local corruption scandals and "third-world
country practices" struck a nerve regardless.

Speaking in Dallas, Abbott unveiled a nearly $300 million public safety plan,
which included boosting border security with 500 additional state troopers and
southbound checkpoints at border crossings. The formal 60-page plan and Abbott's
speech also referenced several major corruption scandals involving the Cameron
County judicial system and the Hidalgo County Sheriff's Office.

"This creeping corruption resembles third-world country practices that erode the
social fabric of our communities and destroys Texans' trust and confidence in
government," Abbott said Tuesday.

Local Democrats quickly denounced Abbott on Twitter. In Austin, the Travis
County Democratic Party organized an impromptu protest. And State Rep. Terry
Canales, D-Edinburg, blasted Abbott and demanded an apology.

"It's become a common thread during the Republican primary to make a spectacle
of South Texas," Canales said, adding that Republicans hype border security for
purely political reasons. "It's always negative and I, for one, am tired of it."

Canales called Abbott's remarks offensive and ignorant.

"I think it's inappropriate; I think he misspoke," Canales said. "And I think
it's worthy of an apology to the people of South Texas."

Last February, the U.S. Government Accountability Office released a study, which
found Texas actually had lower violent crime rates along the border from 2004 to
2011. Crime data also showed the violent crime rate dropped statewide, with
larger decreases on the border than non-border areas. Property crime rates along
the border generally matched non-border property crime rates during the
seven-year period.

The study compared border county crime to non-border county crime using Uniform
Crime Reporting data collected by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The data,
though, doesn't encompass all crime along the border.

Border Patrol agents assigned to the Rio Grande Valley Sector apprehended about
154,000 people last fiscal year, according to U.S. Customs and Border
Protection, the highest number since 1999 and more than any other sector along
the southwest border.

On Tuesday, Abbott proposed improving border security with additional funding
and manpower for the Texas Department of Public Safety. Along with reducing
violent crime, the plan would target public corruption.

"Increasingly, we're seeing corruption among local, state and federal law
enforcement officers themselves," Abbott said. "A former Starr County sheriff's
deputy was sentenced last year for accepting bribes to protect drug dealers and
their smuggling routes. Members of a drug enforcement task force and other law
enforcement agents in Hidalgo County are awaiting sentencing for money
laundering and drug smuggling. A former state district judge was convicted for
accepting money in return for favorable rulings in a public corruption
investigation that included a former district attorney and a former state
representative.

"This creeping corruption resembles third-world country practices that erode the
social fabric of our communities and destroys Texans trust and confidence in
government," Abbott said.

Abbott's comments referenced the cash-for-favors scandal, which rocked the
Cameron County judicial system, and the Panama Unit scandal, which ensnared
Hidalgo County Sheriff Lupe Treviño's son. The written report on Abbott's
campaign website included additional examples, including the federal indictment
of Sheriff's Office Cmdr. Jose Padilla.

"Hard to argue his statement about corruption," said State Sen. Juan "Chuy"
Hinojosa, D-McAllen, adding that the scandals have damaged public trust. "Now,
in terms of comparing us to a third-world country? I disagree with that
statement. That's over the top."

While the Valley still struggles with poverty, Hinojosa said growth and
development have dramatically improved education, healthcare and the regional
economy.

"People usually focus on the negative. They don't focus on the positive. And
they're very quick to condemn the border because we're next to Mexico," Hinojosa
said. "We do have issues. We do have problems, but nothing compared to a
third-world country."

dhendricks@themonitor.com

WATCH ABBOTT'S SPEECH:

___ (c)2014 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140206-MC-Is-Rio-Grande-Valley-corruption
-a-third-world-problem-0206-20140206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2014 The Monitor


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            February 25, 2011 Friday

Regional Digest

SECTION: Pg. A4

LENGTH: 524 words


Huge police corruption schemeHuge police corruption scheme

WASHINGTON, D.C. - With 31 officers suspended, Baltimore police are facing the
city's largest alleged police corruption scheme in decades. The 17 officers
charged yesterday are accused of taking kickbacks for diverting drivers at
accident scenes to an unauthorized towing company and repair shop.WASHINGTON,
D.C. - With 31 officers suspended, Baltimore police are facing the city's
largest alleged police corruption scheme in decades. The 17 officers charged
yesterday are accused of taking kickbacks for diverting drivers at accident
scenes to an unauthorized towing company and repair shop.

The department started suspension hearings yesterday for the officers, many of
whom were assigned to the northeastern district, according to spokesman Anthony
Guglielmi. In response to the staffing gap in that district, the department is
moving a 20-officer community stabilization unit to fill in.The department
started suspension hearings yesterday for the officers, many of whom were
assigned to the northeastern district, according to spokesman Anthony Guglielmi.
In response to the staffing gap in that district, the department is moving a
20-officer community stabilization unit to fill in.

The criminal complaint filed Wednesday charges the officers and the owners of
Majestic Auto Repair Shop in Rosedale with conspiracy to commit extortion in the
course of their official duties.The criminal complaint filed Wednesday charges
the officers and the owners of Majestic Auto Repair Shop in Rosedale with
conspiracy to commit extortion in the course of their official duties.

Constellation suffering from rotConstellation suffering from rot

BALTIMORE - Rot found in the hull of the Constellation will keep the historic
warship away from Baltimore's Inner Harbor longer than planned.BALTIMORE - Rot
found in the hull of the Constellation will keep the historic warship away from
Baltimore's Inner Harbor longer than planned.

The Constellation and the submarine Torsk were towed from the touristy Inner
Harbor last month for repairs. Chris Rowsom, executive director of Historic
Ships in Baltimore, said the ships were expected to be away for a month, but
repairs on the Constellation are now expected to take another one to two
weeks.The Constellation and the submarine Torsk were towed from the touristy
Inner Harbor last month for repairs. Chris Rowsom, executive director of
Historic Ships in Baltimore, said the ships were expected to be away for a
month, but repairs on the Constellation are now expected to take another one to
two weeks.

Maryland lotteriesMaryland lotteries

Drawn Feb. 24 (night): Pick 3, 5-8-5; Pick 4, 4-5-3-6; Bonus Match 5,
10-11-14-15-16 Bonus Ball 19; Multi-Match, 07-15-19-27-34-41. The next Mega
Millions drawing will be worth an estimated $76 million.Drawn Feb. 24 (night):
Pick 3, 5-8-5; Pick 4, 4-5-3-6; Bonus Match 5, 10-11-14-15-16 Bonus Ball 19;
Multi-Match, 07-15-19-27-34-41. The next Mega Millions drawing will be worth an
estimated $76 million.

Drawn Feb. 24 (afternoon): Pick 3, 7-8-3; Pick 4, 0-8-9-3.Drawn Feb. 24
(afternoon): Pick 3, 7-8-3; Pick 4, 0-8-9-3.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                 March 23, 2016

CVC to use IIM-Indore's thesis on 'Corruption Vulnerability'

BYLINE: Our Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 344  words


Indore: Indian Institute of Management, Indore has claimed that its thesis on "
Corruption Vulnerability of Organisations" would be used by the Central
Vigilance Commission, an apex agency monitoring governmental corruption.



In a release issued here on Tuesday, IIM-Indore said that the institute has
developed a preventive vigilance tool from the thesis on 'Corruption
Vulnerability of Organisations'.

The premier institute presented its tool to KV Chowdhary, IRS, Central Vigilance
Commissioner in a meeting of the Chief Vigilance Officers and CEOs of Public
Sector Organisations at Cochin lately.

The occasion was the third anniversary celebrations of Vigilance Study Circle,
Kerala.

The presentation was made by J Vinayan, FPM (Industry) scholar of IIMIndore and
Chief Vigilance Officer of the Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore Limited,
Cochin.

Vinayan had been pursuing his doctoral level thesis at IIM-Indore since 2013
under the guidance of Professor Ranjeet Nambudiri, Professor Sushanta K Mishra
and Professor Nobin Thomas with additional guidance from Professor K Praveen
Parboteeah, Director, College of Business and Economics, University of
Wisconsin-White Water, WI, USA who is the renowned international expert in the
area of ethics and corruption.

The doctoral thesis involved the development of an organisational level tool
which can predict corruption vulnerability in organisations and departments.

"This Index (CVI) can be used to grade organisations and compare them with each
other in similar manner as Corruption Perception Index of Amnesty International
or Control of Corruption Index of World Bank which grade and compare countries
for their perception of corruption," the release said.

It added: "This is the first time such an organisational level preventive and
predictive tool is being made with academic scrutiny and rigor."

The CVC had called for a detailed technical presentation of the Corruption
Vulnerability Index later this year. "This is a matter of pride for the
IIM-Indore as a whole," IIM-Indore media in-charge Akhtar Parvez said.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                              May 14, 2012 Monday

New state laws go into effect Wednesday

BYLINE: By Milan Simonich Texas-New Mexico Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 717 words


SANTA FE - Public officials in New Mexico who commit a felony will have more to
lose starting Wednesday.

Those convicted in public corruption cases could be required to repay their
salaries and forfeit their accumulated state pension benefits.

A new state law gives judges the authority to increase the basic sentence by
adding those penalties.

Legislators approved the bill without any dissenting votes and Gov. Susana
Martinez signed it in February.

The corruption crackdown is one of 19 state laws that go into effect Wednesday.

Another of the new laws creates a fund to cover the costs of New Mexico's
medical marijuana program.

Companies licensed to provide cannabis for medical treatment pay the state fees
of $10,000 to $30,000 a year. Rather than that money going into the state's
general account, it will be maintained by the Department of Health to pay for
administration of the medical marijuana program.

"It means the few New Mexico taxpayers who objected to their money going toward
the medical marijuana program no longer have to worry," said the bill's sponsor,
Sen. Cisco McSorley, D-Albuquerque.

New Mexico has about 4,300 patients registered to use medical marijuana.

Also going on the books is a law to improve care for stroke patients, especially
residents of rural areas.

It authorizes the state Department of Health to certify any acute-care hospital
as a primary or comprehensive stroke center, provided that the hospital has been
accredited.

"The result will be more access to critical care," said one of the bill's
sponsors, Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City. He teamed up with Republican Rep.
Conrad James of Albuquerque to write the bill.

It allows the secretary of health to adopt rules to assist and encourage primary
stroke centers to enter into coordinated care agreements with other health-care
providers throughout the state.

This will be accomplished without any increase in the state's costs, Morales
said.

Other new laws include:

Turning the K-3 Plus pilot project into a permanent program of the state Public
Education Department. The program adds a minimum of 25 instructional days for
disadvantaged students in grades kindergarten through 3.

Legislative analysts say third-graders who participated in K-3 Plus for at least
a year gained 7.5 points in reading, 43 points in writing and 12 points in math
compared to those who did not enter the program.

Extending for five more years a tax break at New Mexico State University.

It is a deduction from the gross receipts tax for gate admissions at
non-athletic events. Legislators first granted the tax exception in 2007 because
administrators at NMSU said they were at a competitive disadvantage with the
University of Texas at El Paso in booking entertainment.

The new deduction on gross receipts taxes for NMSU lasts through June 30, 2017.
Rep. Mary Helen Garcia, D-Las Cruces, and Sen. Carlos Cisneros, D-Questa,
sponsored the bill.

Increasing from two to four the number of hunting permits for bighorn rams that
will be raffled or sold through a lottery.

The stakes are high. A lottery for one bighorn hunting permit once brought the
state $190,000, according to the Department of Game and Fish.

Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington, sponsored the bill. Legislators estimate that
the bighorn permits and attendant federal matching funds will bring the state
about $800,000. All of the money will go back into programs to help the bighorn
sheep grow stronger in New Mexico. Bighorns were removed last year from the
state's endangered species list.

Clarifying a tax break for a uranium enrichment plant near the southeastern New
Mexico town of Eunice. With this change, the plant's utility customers will not
be taxed if they sell a uranium compound before it is enriched.

Utility companies send uranium hexafluoride to the plant as part of a process
for producing nuclear power plant fuel.

Elimination of the Office of Child Development in the Children, Youth and
Families Department.

Making the New Mexico School for the Deaf and the New Mexico School for the
Blind and Visually Impaired eligible to seek money for certain capital projects.
Sen. Cynthia Nava, D-Las Cruces, sponsored the bill establishing this change.

Santa Fe Bureau Chief Milan Simonich can be reached atmsimonich@tnmnp.com or
505-820-6898. His blog is atnmcapitolreport.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 4, 2013 Saturday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

I got the wire! Busts loom; Sampson in cross hairs

BYLINE: BY KENNETH LOVETT AND JOHN MARZULLI

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 553 words


THE FEDS ARE POISED to arrest more elected officials on corruption charges next
week, the Daily News has learned, as prosecutors revealed Friday that a second
state legislator has been secretly recording conversations with colleagues.

Shirley Huntley, 74, "made numerous recordings of meetings" last summer with
seven elected officials, a staff member and a consultant while serving as a
Democratic state senator from Queens, according to papers filed by prosecutors
in Brooklyn Federal Court.

The recordings "did yield evidence useful to law enforcement authorities" about
a state senator and two other elected officials, the papers said. The three
officials were not named.

But Huntley's undercover work was revealed as prosecutors have intensified their
investigation of state Sen. John Sampson (D-Brooklyn), a former Senate majority
leader, The News has learned.

Neither Sampson nor his lawyer, former Brooklyn U.S. Attorney Zachary Carter,
returned phone calls seeking comment. No one answered the door at Sampson's home
Friday night.

Arrests stemming from investigations spearheaded by the feds and Attorney
General Eric Schneiderman could come as soon as Monday, sources said.

Huntley is the second state lawmaker outed in five weeks as a government rat who
recorded conversations to get out from under their own crimes.

Last month, it was revealed that Assemblyman Nelson Castro (D-Bronx) wore a wire
for more than three years under a deal with prosecutors after he was charged
with perjury.

Thanks to his undercover work, federal prosecutors based in Manhattan brought
bribery charges against Assemblyman Eric Stevenson (D-Bronx). Castro has since
resigned his seat.

Huntley's decision to cooperate with Brooklyn prosecutors came last May when FBI
agents confronted her with incriminating evidence from a wiretap of her cell
phone, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Daniel Spector, Paul Tuchman and Alexander
Solomon said in the court papers.

Despite her snitching, Huntley was not offered a cooperation agreement because
prosecutors did not believe she was fully forthcoming about her own crimes.

Huntley, who was voted out of office last fall, pleaded guilty in January to
stealing more than $87,000 from a sham nonprofit called Parents Information
Network. She faces 18 to 24 months in prison when she is sentenced next week.

Lawmakers in Albany were stunned and bewildered by Friday's disclosures of
Huntley's secret work for prosecutors, just weeks after Castro's undercover work
was revealed.

"I am surprised as anyone she wore a wire," said one of Huntley's friends,
Assemblywoman Vivian Cook (D-Queens).

Cook, who had helped to secure state funding for the Parents Information
Network, said she was not worried about any conversations she had with Huntley
that might have been recorded.

"I haven't done anything wrong," Cook said. "We'll wait and see exactly what
comes. I have nothing to hide."

Other lawmakers tried to make light of the latest revelations of secret
recordings. "I'm just going to have to use sign language before I talk," a
Democratic senator joked.

Sampson has been the subject of multiple investigations, including allegations
that he accepted money from a shady real estate broker and played a questionable
role in the awarding of a contract to operate a casino at Aqueduct Racetrack.

jmarzulli@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ex-state Sen. Shirley Huntley leaves Brooklyn court after pleading
guilty to fraud. At left, Assemblyman Eric Stevenson was arraigned last month on
corruption charges after Assemblyman Nelson Castro (center) secretly taped
alleged corruption. AP (2). JAMES KEIVOM/NYDAILY NEWS; MARK BONIFACIO/NEW YORK
DAILY NEWS State Sen. John Sampson is under investigation.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                October 15, 2007

What others say

BYLINE: From CityBusiness Staff Reports

LENGTH: 715  words


'Natives discuss New Orleans post Katrina,'

Gainesville Sun, Oct. 7

It has been more than two years since Aug. 29, 2005 - the day Hurricane Katrina
ravaged New Orleans - but the sights, sounds and smells of the devastation still
haunt one transplanted Louisianan living in Gainesville.

"It has completely consumed my being," said University of Florida student and
New Orleans native Jonathan Bennett. "It's always on my mind. "

Bennett, a political science senior, wanted to heighten the sensitivities of
other UF students to the ongoing recovery.

He approached a professor early this year with an idea for a forum at UF on
Katrina.

About 70 students, UF faculty members and others took their seats at circular
tables dotting the floor of the Reitz Union's Rion Ballroom to partake in "The
City the World Forgot: A Colloquium on Hurricane Katrina. "

Among those in attendance were two New Orleans notables, New Orleans
Times-Picayune columnist Chris Rose and Capt. Mark Willow of the New Orleans
Police Department.

"Everything's fine, but everything sucks," Rose said. "It's a very, very strange
and very, very frustrating dynamic. "

So then why should those living in Gainesville, so many miles away from New
Orleans, still care about Katrina?

"I think this applies in Florida more than anywhere else in the nation," Bennett
said. "Response problems, what they did right, even, apply to Florida. Somewhere
in Florida, the same thing could occur. "

'New Orleans corruption cases multiply,'

USA Today, Oct. 3

The number of public corruption cases here has more than quintupled, sparked by
a federal crackdown on post-Katrina wrongdoings and a billboard campaign urging
residents to expose crooked politics and payoffs.

Federal statistics show 171 people in the metropolitan area have been indicted
on public corruption charges from 2003 through mid-September of this year, said
Howard Schwartz, supervisory special agent for public corruption in the FBI's
New Orleans' office. More than 80 percent were convicted or pleaded guilty to
charges including bribery and fraud.

The upsurge in indictments is partly the result of corruption fueled by the
enticement of billions of federal and state dollars flooding the region after
Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Schwartz said.

Schwartz said the increased New Orleans numbers are mostly due to a bolstered
federal crackdown, an aggressive public awareness campaign and more people
offering tips on offenders.

The majority of those indicted were elected or appointed officials, ranging from
police officers to a former school board president to city councilmen, Schwartz
said.

Over the previous five years, 31 people were indicted in New Orleans corruption
cases, meaning the figures have spiked 452 percent, Schwartz said.

Nothing compares to the past five years, said Ed Renwick, head of the Institute
of Politics at Loyola University.

"There's never been that much time and energy into trying to do something about
it," he said. "They're putting away a lot of people. "

'A rebirth, then a relapse for the Saints,'

New York Times, Oct. 6

A year ago, the Saints started 3-0 in what became an inspiring season that ended
one game short of the Super Bowl. It provided a symbol of renewal in this
damaged city's recovery from Hurricane Katrina.

"They did more for the city last year than any team has done for any city ever,"
Peter Richiutti, the assistant dean of the business school at Tulane University,
said of the Saints.

This year, the Saints exist in Bizarro World. Everything is the opposite of what
it was.

New Orleans is 0-3 and ranked last in the NFL in points allowed per game (34.3)
and turnover differential (minus 8). The Saints' defense is the only one in the
league without a sack. Their offense, ranked first in the league last season,
now languishes near the bottom, stumbling about like a Bourbon Street
conventioneer at last call.

Great anticipation by the fans has collapsed into stunned disbelief. The
offensive line has been porous. Running back Deuce McAllister is lost for the
season because of a knee injury. Quarterback Drew Brees, forced into risky
passing after his team has fallen behind, has thrown for one touchdown and seven
interceptions.

The season hangs limply, lifelessly, like discarded Mardi Gras beads in the oak
canopy along St. Charles Avenue.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

New York: Op-Ed: The Change Albany Needs

LENGTH: 638  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of Attorney General, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

In 1882, 23-year-old Theodore Roosevelt arrived in Albany as a new Assemblyman,
representing Manhattan, ethical but determined to get things done. In his first
session, he sponsored legislation he thought was critical. It also happened to
be important to the powerful Manhattan Elevated Railroad and its executive, Jay
Gould.

The bill, to expand railway terminal facilities, faced inexplicable delays, held
up by corrupt legislators, who withheld their support until copious campaign
contributions began to flow to them and their party organizations. Roosevelt was
sidelined, and in the end, the bill was slipped into the pile of legislation
passed during the middle of the night in the last hours of the legislative
session.

The system worked for everyone involved -- except for the public it was meant to
serve, and the public interest in good government.

Today it may seem that we are living in a golden age of graft, and that
corruption in Albany is worse than ever. That is not true. It feels that way
because we have more vigorous prosecutors on the job than ever before,
uncovering acts of corruption that benefit the few at the expense of the rest of
us.

But we must ensure that the recent wave of public scandals leads to dramatic,
uncompromising reform that finally allows the people's voice to be heard over
the powerful whispers of special interests.

Allowing legislators to earn outside income invites corruption. Past tweaks to
disclosure requirements have failed to stop corruption and more tweaks now will
fail, too. We must ban outside income altogether. And we should replace the
existing "per diem" system with actual reimbursement for actual expenses.

This must go hand-in-hand with a substantial salary increase for legislators, so
that we may attract more of the brightest to the legislature.

In the same vein, if we move power from legislative leaders to individual
legislators, more good people will want to run for the legislature. A decade
ago, the Brennan Center for Justice found that New York's legislature was the
most dysfunctional in the nation, in large part as a result of rules that
provided for an almost dictatorial leadership structure. It's past time to
loosen that grip.

New York State is also overdue for an overhaul of our campaign finance system:
we need a statewide public matching funds system like the one that has worked
well in New York City. And there are four rules changes that must be part of any
package: dramatically reducing campaign contribution limits; closing the
loophole that allows virtually unlimited contributions to flow through limited
liability corporations; ending the lightly regulated party slush funds known as
"housekeeping committees"; and tightening restrictions on campaign contributions
made by entities and individuals with business before the state.

Finally, I propose a constitutional amendment that would be a game-changer: each
legislative term should be four years, instead of two. Legislators should spend
more time on governing and less on politicking.

Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has proposed some reforms through the budget process. We
should support his leadership in using this constitutional mechanism. In fact, I
would urge the governor to hold out for bolder reforms, including the proposals
mentioned earlier. In doing so, he would have the support of both the
Constitution and the people of New York. A late budget would be a small price to
pay, in the long term, if it delivers transformational change.

We must seize this moment, and think, speak and act more boldly. We must, right
now, demand a state government that truly serves the public interest.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             July 23, 2009 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

PUBLIC OFFICIAL FACES CHARGE

BYLINE: KEVIN GRAHAM, COLLEEN JENKINS, Times Staff Writers

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 799 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO



HIGHLIGHT: A prosecutor doesn't name the subject in the corruption case.


During a public interview Wednesday for his office's top job, a high-ranking
federal prosecutor from Tampa said he is close to charging a public official
with public corruption.

The person has agreed to plead guilty, said Robert O'Neill, chief of the
criminal division for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Tampa.

He did not name the public official. He noted that the case resulted from
allegations he learned about in the newspaper.

O'Neill disclosed his plan to a federal judicial nominating commission that
interviewed candidates Wednesday for the U.S. Attorney's position in the Middle
District of Florida. The commission selected O'Neill as one of three finalists.

His cryptic remarks about the forthcoming charge came amid a discussion of the
role of the U.S. Attorney's Office. O'Neill said he thought prosecution of
public corruption should be a priority.

"Obviously, I can't say a person's name until it's been filed," O'Neill told the
St. Petersburg Times Wednesday evening. "We've been in negotiations with that
(person's) lawyer, but someone can always change their mind.

"Public corruption should always be a priority," he said. "If it's there, we
need to make sure those cases are being made."

Steve Cole, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office, declined to comment.

The criminal complaint and plea agreement will likely be filed at the same time,
possibly by week's end.

A number of local sitting and former public officials have drawn scrutiny
recently from federal authorities:

- Thomas E. Stringer Sr., a veteran judge on the 2nd District Court of Appeal,
resigned in February amid allegations that he took gifts from a stripper and
helped conceal her assets. According to formal misconduct charges filed by the
Judicial Qualifications Commission, Stringer provided the woman with access to
bank accounts opened in his name to hide her assets and income after a judge
threw out her bankruptcy petition and ordered her to pay creditors.

He also listed himself as the sole title holder on an investment property in
Hawaii that Christy Yamanaka helped purchase, according to the charges.

The JQC dropped the ethics complaint after Stringer agreed to never again serve
as a judge, but the stripper said that the FBI had been investigating the case.

On Wednesday, Yamanaka said she was unaware of imminent charges. Stringer and
his attorney did not return phone messages.

- Buddy Johnson, the former Hillsborough County supervisor of elections. The FBI
launched an investigation in February into Johnson, but the focus is unknown.
Aside from questionable land deals in Johnson's private life, there's the issue
of how Johnson left behind a deficit of more than $2 million in the supervisor's
office.

Agents have seized records from Ernst & Young auditors that detailed how Johnson
spent public money, and they've reviewed financial records from Schifino Lee, a
South Tampa advertising agency that was paid $643,016 to conduct a public
education campaign. Agents also have interviewed several people, including
Michelle Patty, a community activist who campaigned for Johnson and received
more than $16,000 in taxpayer money from Johnson's office.

Last week, auditors hired by the Florida Department of State finished reviewing
records that show how Johnson spent federal grant money. Auditors with the
Deloitte firm spent several weeks inspecting records, but their report isn't
expected to be completed for another two to three weeks, said Jennifer Davis, a
spokeswoman for Secretary of State Kurt Browning.

Johnson and his attorney did not return messages.

- Kevin White, a Hillsborough County commissioner, also has been the subject of
FBI inquiries in recent years.

The mother of a former aide accusing White of sexual discrimination has
testified that agents interviewed her daughter about her former boss but was
asked not to repeat the subject matter.

And convicted mortgage swindler Matthew B. Cox told the FBI in 2007 that he paid
cash to White in return for favorable rezoning votes when White served on the
Tampa City Council. White vehemently denied the allegation, calling it lies and
"jailhouse ramblings'' by a con man. Cox is serving a 26-year sentence for
fraud.

Steven Wenzel, White's civil attorney, said Wednesday that he was not aware of
any federal criminal charges involving his client. White could not be reached.

- And last year, the U.S. Attorney's Office started a probe into Hillsborough
County's Affordable Housing Office, which had been accused by commissioners of
squandering $2 million in federal grant money. The status of that case is
unknown.

Times researcher John Martin and staff writers Michael Van Sickler, Jessica
Vander Velde, Bill Varian, Janet Zink and Sue Carlton contributed to this story.
Kevin Graham can be reached at kgraham@sptimes.com or (813) 226-3433.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 14, 1988 Monday
                                  Late Edition

CORRUPTION TRIAL OF US CONGRESSMAN UNDER WAY

BYLINE: Source: The New York Times

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 428 words


The corruption trial of Mario Biaggi and six others has opened in New Yorkwith
the Government charging the congressman demanded millions of dollars in bribes
for helping a South Bronx company win military contracts.

The prosecutor, Mr Howard Wilson, told the jury: "This is a case about
corruption and greed; about the sale and purchase of public office."

Mr Wilson made his remarks in a two-hour opening statement in the trial of
Biaggi, a former Bronx borough president, Stanley Simon, and five others who are
charged with turning the Wedtech Corp into a criminal racketeering enterprise
that paid millions of dollars in bribes to win government contracts.

The other defendants are Richard Biaggi, the congressman's son; Bernard Ehrlich,
Mario Biaggi's former law partner and a former major-general in the New York
Army National Guard; Peter Neglia, former regional administrator of the Small
Business Administration; John Mariotta, former chairman of Wedtech; and Ronald
Betso, a labour arbitrator and former police officer.

Wedtech grew into a $100 million a year military contractor by winning contracts
set aside for minority owned companies.

Mr Wilson, chief of the criminal division in the US Attorney's Office in New
York, said the Government would prove that its minority status "was a phony, a
sham, a fake".

The trial will offer the most complete look to date at a complex web of
allegations surrounding Wedtech. Accusations of impropriety have touched the
Attorney-General, Mr Edwin Meese, and Lyn Nofziger, a former top adviser to
President Reagan.

A special prosecutor said there was insufficient evidence to charge Mr Meese in
the Wedtech case. Nofziger was found guilty last month of illegal lobbying for
Wedtech and other companies. He is appealing against the verdict

Defence lawyers will begin their opening statements today in the trial in a
Manhattan Federal District Court.

Mr Wilson said the Government would show the defendants treated Wedtech like "a
gold mine".

"Some took a lot of gold and some a little but they all took," he said.

He said the 70-year-old congressman demanded pay-offs and always seemed to want
more. Wilson said Biaggi warned Wedtech officials at one point that "just like
he made Wedtech, he'd break it" if certain payments were not made.

In addition to racketeering charges, Biaggi is charged with extorting 225,000
shares of Wedtech stock worth $US3.6 million.

Much of the Government's case will rely on the testimony of four former Wedtech
officials who pleaded guilty to charges of bribery, theft and forgery in
exchange for leniency.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 7, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

CORRUPTION IN UIFORM: THE OVERVIEW;
2-YEAR CORRUPTION INQUIRY FINDS A 'WILLFUL BLINDNESS' IN NEW YORK'S POLICE DEPT.

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD KRAUSS

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 6;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1599 words


A "willful blindness" to corruption throughout the ranks of the New York City
Police Department has allowed highly organized networks of rogue officers to
deal in drugs and prey on black and Hispanic neighborhoods, according to the
final report of the commission that investigated the department.

The report by the Mollen Commission on its two-year investigation into police
corruption is particularly powerful in its criticisms of sergeants and other
commanders of five precincts found to be riddled with corruption.

And it takes to task the police union -- the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association
-- and the department's own internal investigation apparatus for effectively
curtailing anti-corruption efforts.

"Scores of officers told us that they believed the department did not want them
to report corruption, that such information was often ignored and that their
careers would be ruined if they did so," the report said. "The evidence shows
that this belief was not unfounded." [Excerpts, page B2.]

The report, which was circulating yesterday before its formal release today,
reiterates the conclusion the panel reached in last December's interim findings:
that most officers in the 31,000-member force are honest despite the existence
of corruption. But the final report draws a detailed picture of well-organized
groups of rogue officers racing to crime scenes to skim money from captured
stashes of cash, union delegates tipping off corrupt officers to investigations,
young cadets learning in the Police Academy that they are not to "rat" on their
brother officers, and internal police investigators burying corruption evidence
into "tickler files."

"The principle of command accountability, which holds commanders responsible for
fighting corruption, completely collapsed," the report said. It held past police
commissioners responsible for the breakdown, but it did not cite any of them by
name. The commissioners during the period studied were Benjamin Ward, Lee P.
Brown and Raymond W. Kelly.

However, an appendix to the report said that one of them, Mr. Ward, had refused
to approve investigations out of fear that disclosures might damage the
department.

The panel recommended the city establish an agency that it calls the Police
Commission, independent of the department, with broad powers to investigate
corruption and to insure officer accountability in corruption cases, as well as
to monitor officer screening, recruitment and training.

In calling for the independent investigative panel -- whose members would be
appointed by the Mayor -- the report cited a recurring 20-year cycle of
corruption that it said proved that the department is incapable of policing
itself.

The panel's recommendations are now in the hands of Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani
and his Police Commissioner, William J. Bratton. Mr. Bratton said yesterday that
he opposed creation of an outside monitor with sweeping investigative and policy
powers. In the past, Mr. Giuliani had said he favors recreating the position of
special prosecutor for police corruption, which existed until four years ago,
but it remains uncertain how much of the panel's recommendations the Mayor would
embrace.

The report said, however, that the department's current leadership had displayed
"a determined commitment to fighting police corruption."

The call for greater outside authority over the department comes from a panel
that was originally appointed by Mayor David N. Dinkins after a city police
officer, Michael Dowd, was arrested in Suffolk County on charges of drug dealing
in 1992, touching off a wider inquiry. Now Mayor Giuliani must respond to what
is effectively an inheritance from an administration that was widely viewed as
unfriendly by police officers and their union that helped elect Mr. Giuliani.

Mr. Giuliani had previously publicly praised the panel. But he had no comment
yesterday on its findings, even though various copies of the document were
circulating among reporters, and senior members of his Police Department had
been consulted in the drafting of sections of the report.

A Disturbing Finding

Perhaps the most disturbing finding of the Mollen report, which is based on a
study of internal police documents and corruption investigations that are still
only partially known publicly, was the presence of well-organized police "crews"
terrorizing minority neighborhoods.

These groups, sometimes reaching 12 or more officers in number, "are more akin
to street gangs: small, loyal, flexible, fast-moving and often hard-hitting,"
the report said.

"They often use department equipment to force entry," the report said. "They
manipulate fellow officers, their supervisors and the courts to their advantage.
And they fuel each other's corruption through their eagerness to prove their
loyalty and toughness to one another."

The panel found that a common thread knitting the corruption, brutality and all
the irregularities was the absence of a strong command system in which senior
department leaders hold middle-level supervisors responsible for lower-level
corruption.

Mr. Brown, the former Commissioner who is now director of the Office of National
Drug Control Policy in Washington, declined to comment on the Mollen report
because he had not yet seen a copy, said his spokeswoman, Pat Wheeler. And Mr.
Ward said he could not comment because he had not seen it. Mr. Kelly was
unavailable for comment.

The Mollen report cited precincts, mainly in poorer neighborhoods, where
corruption was rife: in University Heights in the Bronx, Harlem and the East
Village in Manhattan, and the Brownsville and East New York sections of
Brooklyn. In those precincts, it said, "a number of supervisors knew or should
have known about corruption within their commands and did nothing to stop it."

The report said that "willfully blind supervisors fear the consequences of a
corruption scandal more than corruption itself."

Commissioner Bratton said he and Milton Mollen, a former deputy mayor who headed
the commission, "were very much in sync" on their approach to fighting
corruption, noting that he had dinner with Mr. Mollen Tuesday night to discuss
the final report's findings. But he added that "we're agreeing to disagree" on
the panel's call for an outside monitor with broad investigatory powers.

The report credited Mr. Bratton with making a serious effort at rooting out
corruption, but it said officers throughout the department still view the
Internal Affairs Bureau as lacking in credibility. "An officer willing to
violate the code of silence to report corruption will hardly turn to
investigators he believes to be incompetent, unsupportive, and even vindictive."


Time to 'Digest' Report

John Miller, Deputy Police Commissioner for Public Information, said this week
that the administration would take a few weeks "to digest and analyze" the
Mollen recommendations before announcing its own anti-corruption strategy.

The officers' union came under special criticism for encouraging a secretive "us
versus them" atmosphere that the report said pervaded the force. It cited
several cases in which P.B.A. officials tried to obstruct investigations,
including one in which a union delegate not only tipped off two officers about a
narcotics corruption allegation but also agreed to show them photographs of
their accusers.

Joseph Mancini, a spokesman for the P.B.A., said the union would not comment on
the report until officials have had time to read it.

'Collars for Dollars'

The commission also found that officers who were otherwise doing their jobs to
fight crime falsified records often to obtain convictions. It noted that while
street narcotics enforcement units are prohibited from entering buildings to
make arrests, members of such squads typically falsified papers to make arrests
that actually occurred indoors appear as though they were made on the street.
And in a practice called "collars for dollars," officers sometimes took short
cuts to make more arrests to earn more overtime and earn promotions to coveted
assignments.

The commission found that the official tolerance of corruption, and brutality
that often accompanied it, shredded the most basic integrity control: the
support of law-abiding residents who see the officers who walk and drive their
beats every day.

In high-crime, drug-infested neighborhoods, the panel found: "Numerous residents
and leaders of these communities told us that they often do not know whom to
suspect more: the cops or the criminals. Few civilians would ever turn to the
department to report corruption -- because they believe the department will
invariably support even corrupt cops more than the public."

As for improving accountability, the panel called for the establishment of a
special Command Accountability Review Unit to identify supervisors and
commanders who condone corrupt acts. In a break with current policy, it urged
that "the department should factor superior corruption-control performance in
promotion and assignment practices."

So far, the highest-ranking supervisors implicated in the corruption scandal
surrounding the 30th Precinct in Harlem have been a handful of sergeants who
have been transferred and two who face special inquiries. The majority of senior
officers in the precinct at the time of the allegations of drug dealing and
civil rights violations have continued to climb the departmental ladder.

For example, Inspector Richard F. Martin, who was the commander of the precinct
in 1990, was promoted recently to head the city's highway police force.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 8, 1994, Friday

CORRECTION:

Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about the Mollen Commission's
report on police corruption in New York City misidentified in some copies the
Police Commissioner who the report said had refused to approve corruption
investigations out of fear that disclosures would hurt the department. He was
Benjamin Ward, not his successor, Lee P. Brown.


GRAPHIC: Photo: From a 1987 police evaluation of Michael Dowd - six years before
he testified (at right) on police corruption, including his own. (Jack
Manning/The New York Times)

Chart: "Who's Who: The Mollen Commission""

CHAIRMAN

Milton Mollen, 74, former State Supreme Court justice and presiding justice of
the Second Judicial Appellate Division . . . Democrat . . . Deputy Mayor for
Public Safety uner Mayor David N. Dinkins . . . now chief judicial officer for
the New York Office of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services.

MEMBERS

Harold Baser Jr., 61, former head of the New York City Police Department
Civilian Complaint Review Board . . . former State Supreme Court justice . . .
member of Liberal Party . . .now executive judicial officer of Judicial
Arbitration and Mediation Services.

Herbert B. Evans, 74, former chief administrative judge for New YOrk State . . .
former associate justice of the Appelate Division of the State Supreme Court . .
. Democrat . . . now vice-chairman of Battery Park City Authority.

Roderick C. Lankler, 56, former prosdecutor under District Attorney Robert M.
Morgenthau of Manhattan . . . Republican . . . former Deputy Attorney General .
. . now deputy to Robert B. Fiske Jr., special prosecutor in the Whitewater
case.

Harold R. Tyler, 72, former Federal prosecutor andAssistant Attorney General of
the United States in charge of the Civil Rights Division . . . Republican . . .
mentor of Rudolph W. Giuliani . . . now a senior partner in the law firm of
Patternson Belknap Webb & Tyler.

(pg. B3)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 6, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

POLICE CORRUPTION INVOLVING DRUGS LEADS TO NEW SUPERVISION ACTIONS

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 56, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 620 words


The use and sale of narcotics by police officers and other criminal acts by
officers involving drugs has become one of the Police Department's most serious
corruption problems, according to an annual report submitted to Commissioner
Robert J. McGuire.

The report, made by Chief John Guido, who heads the department's anticorruption
efforts, said there were 317 allegations of wrongdoing by officers that involved
drugs in 1982, compared with 288 in 1981.  The allegations included using and
selling drugs to others, stealing drugs and taking payoffs from drug dealers.

All told, the report noted, the department received 2,427 allegations of
corruption or serious misconduct involving officers last year. This represented
an increase of 108 allegations over 1981, but is not as high as the number of
complaints received in other recent years. Officials said that usually about one
of every eight allegations are substantiated upon investigation.

Meanwhile, in a new move to combat and prevent police corruption, the department
has begun sending supervisors out at night to check on ''corruption-prone
locations,'' such as after-hours clubs and places where officers are believed to
''coop,'' or sleep, while on duty.

In and Out of Uniform

The supervisors, who will be accompanied by internal-affairs investigators, will
work both in and out of uniform and will ride in police cars and in unmarked
cars.

Fifty-five supervisors, ranging in rank from captain to assistant chief, have
been given these extra duties and will work from midnight to 8 A.M., whenever
the supervisors normally assigned to these anticorruption duties are not
available. The new program will be tried for two months and evaluated.

A department spokesman said that up to six of the supervisors will work each
night and that it anticipated that each will put in one or more overnight tours
of duty each month.

On Tuesday, hours before the program started, two officers assigned to the 77th
Precinct in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn were arrested and charged
with stealing money from a store owner suspected of selling marijuana.

Last month, 26 present and former police officers were summoned before a Federal
grand jury investigating allegations of police corruption involving after-hours
clubs in the Chelsea section of Manhattan.

Of the allegations in the report, 520 involved criminal acts committed by police
on and off duty, such as robbery, burglary and assault, and 477 involved
stealing property during investigations or from people who have been arrested or
assisted.

Drug-Related Complaints

Among 317 drug-related corruption complaints were allegations that 49 police
officers used drugs in 1982 and 61 did so in 1981. The department was able to
substantiate the charges in one of the 1982 cases - 20 other cases are still
open and under investigation - and in eight of the 1981 cases.

The report's findings were in line with an earlier report on ''corruption
hazards'' made last spring by Chief Guido's office, which pointed up the
department's growing concern with internal problems caused by drugs.

''Profit from narcotics are enormous and the potential for corruption is
correspondingly high,'' the earlier report said.  ''Consequently, there will be
members who feel they might as well take a piece of the action and become
actively involved in the sale of drugs.

''Another cause for concern,'' the report continued, ''is the use of marijuana
and other controlled substances, particularly by the younger members of the
department. Many commanders have noted that the newer members grew up in a
culture where the use of drugs was socially acceptable, seeing no problem with
occasional usage.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              July 24, 2015 Friday

New York State Senator Thomas W. Libous Found Guilty by White Plains Federal
Jury of Lying to the FBI

LENGTH: 529  words


Preet Bharara, United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced today that New York State Senator THOMAS W. LIBOUS was found guilty of
making false statements to the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI") following
a seven-day trial in White Plains before the Hon. Vincent L. Briccetti, United
States District Judge.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Public corruption is a scourge.
Every New Yorker wants us to work as hard as possible to end it. But lies to law
enforcement make the job of fighting corruption doubly difficult. Today, a jury
unanimously found that Tom Libous, the second highest ranking New York Senator,
told lie after lie to hide the truth from federal agents investigating
corruption in Albany. Libous's lies have been exposed, his crime has been
proven, and Albany will be the better for it."

The evidence at trial proved that a federal grand jury in White Plains was
investigating allegations that THOMAS LIBOUS had obtained a job for a family
member at a Westchester law firm ("the Law Firm") in exchange for a promise to
refer business to the firm, and had arranged for an Albany lobbying firm that
regularly lobbied him to secretly pay the law firm $50,000 per year to defray
the cost of the family member's salary and lease of a Range Rover. The lobbying
firm specialized in transportation issues and THOMAS LIBOUS served as the
Chairman of the Senate's Transportation Committee at the time. The evidence also
showed that THOMAS LIBOUS told a partner of the Law Firm that the firm would
have to "build a new wing" to accommodate the business he would refer to it if
it hired the member of his family.

Special Agents of the FBI interviewed THOMAS LIBOUS on June 24, 2010, as part of
the grand jury's investigation. The evidence at trial showed THOMAS LIBOUS made
the following false statements to the agents during the interview:

he could not recall how the family member began to work at the Law Firm;

no deals were made to get the family member the job at the Law Firm;

he was not aware that the lobbying firm had paid any part of the family member's
salary at the Law Firm;

he never promised to refer work to the Law Firm;

he was not involved in the family member's decision to work at the Law Firm;

he had no business or personal relationship with the Law Firm; and

he did know of any relationship between the lobbying firm and the Law Firm.

* * *

LIBOUS, 62, of Binghamton, New York, is scheduled to be sentenced by Judge
Briccetti on October 30, 2015. LIBOUS faces a maximum sentence of five years in
prison. The maximum potential sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided
here for informational purposes, as any sentencing of the defendant will be
determined by the judge.

* * *

Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI.

The prosecution is being handled by the Office's White Plains Division.
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Benjamin R. Allee and James McMahon are in charge of
the prosecution.

Follow the FBI's New York Office on Twitter. Sign up for our e-mail alerts to
receive the latest information from the FBI's New York Office on breaking news,
arrests, and fugitives. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 9, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition

Raid Targets Florida Judges, Attorney

ns

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A13; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


More than 100 agents, acting on information provided by a former lawyer for
Manuel Antonio Noriega, raided the offices and homes of four Dade County judges
and an attorney suspected of corruption, a federal prosecutor said.

As part of the judicial corruption investigation, undercover agents from the FBI
and Florida Department of Law Enforcement appeared in court as defendants and
paid money for judicial favors, said U.S. Attorney Dexter Lehtinen. No charges
have been filed against the judges or the attorney.

The case involves money paid for suppression of evidence, return of property to
defendants, reduction of bail bonds and improper release of confidential
information, Lehtinen said.

Noreiga's former lawyer, Raymond Takiff, became involved in the judicial
corruption probe in August 1989 and withdrew from the Noriega case Jan. 3, 1990,
the day before Noriega surrendered to U.S. troops in Panama and was flown to the
United States.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              July 1, 2007 Sunday

Access Health Source places CEO on paid leave

BYLINE: By David Crowder / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 822 words


The parent company of Access HealthSource Inc., the leading administrator of
public health benefit plans in El Paso, has placed the company's president and
CEO, Frank Apodaca, on paid leave because of the FBI's ongoing public corruption
investigation.

Access Plans USA last week filed a Form 8-K report with the Securities and
Exchange Commission to inform its shareholders and potential share buyers that
Apodaca has been placed on "paid leave pending the results of the investigation,
allowing him time to address the issues he faces personally."

Access Plans USA also says in the report that it stands to lose millions of
dollars in contracts in the El Paso area.

According to the SEC, publicly traded companies must file a Form 8-K report to
announce major events that shareholders should know about.

Court documents filed during the past two months by the U.S. attorney's office
have named dozens of officials, private individuals and companies in connection
with a sprawling federal investigation into public corruption in El Paso County.

"Although no indictments have occurred and no definitive allegations have been
made or presented to us or Mr. Apodaca," Access Plans USA states in its report,
"we believe that the investigation involves allegations of official corruption
relating to contract procurement by Access HealthSource and other companies from
these local governmental entities.

"We are conducting our own independent investigation into these matters and are
fully cooperating with the officials conducting the investigation."

In the report filed June 25, Access Plans USA also disclosed that Access
HealthSource could lose $2 million in revenues because its contracts with the El
Paso and Canutillo school districts will not be renewed or extended past their
expiration this year and business with the Ysleta school district contract and
the city of El Paso may be lost as well.

"We estimate that the range of the impairment of the value of goodwill
associated with Access HealthSource will be $3.3 million to the full current
value of $4.1 million," the report states. "We believe that the impairment will
not result in any future cash expenditures and that Access HealthSource will
remain an important part of our company that will continue to provide valuable
services for its clients."

As the leading administrator of local governments' self-funded health plans in
El Paso County, Access HealthSource handled nearly 700,000 claims totaling about
$400 million last year, but "the client group was responsible for paying less
than $120 million after Access' negotiated rates and cost containment strategies
were applied," according to the report.

Although the company's report does not go into the FBI's investigation in depth,
more than 65 federal agents spent two days in May 2006 searching El Paso's
National Center for Employment of the Disabled (now ReadyOne Industries), which
owned Access HealthSource until 2004.

Then in September, the FBI searched and removed documents and other materials
from the Access HealthSource offices, Apodaca's office and home, and several
other companies with ties to ReadyOne.

The FBI's interest in school officials became apparent in May when agents
swarmed into the El Paso County Courthouse to search the offices of County Judge
Anthony Cobos and Commissioners Miguel Terán and Luis Sariñana for information
about 22 individuals and companies, including El Paso school Trustee Sal Mena.

Later in May, the FBI seized Apodaca's financial assets and went to his home to
seize his two cars, a Mercedes and Cadillac, and a motorcycle.

In June, the U.S. attorney's office leveled the first allegations at Access and
its contracts with school districts in a motion to prevent defense lawyer Mary
Stillinger from representing three designated targets in the investigation that
included El Paso school district trustee Charles Roark and Ysleta Independent
School District trustee Mickey Duntley.

So far, the only person to be charged in the investigation is John Travis
Ketner, the former chief of staff for Cobos, who took office in January.

Waiving indictment, Ketner pleaded guilty in early June to four counts of
conspiracy to commit bribery, wire fraud and mail fraud and the document
containing those charges named 17 individuals and two companies whom Ketner
implicated.

They included Cobos, Terán, Sariñana, District Clerk Gilbert Sanchez and former
county Commissioner Betti Flores. Others named included three prominent El Paso
lawyers -- David Escobar, Martie Jobe and Luther Jones. All have denied any
wrongdoing.

Jobe has filed a defamation lawsuit against Ketner over his reported allegations
against her. Sanchez filed a criminal complaint with the FBI charging that
Ketner committed perjury in making allegations that Sanchez had a hand in
rigging the computerized process for selecting judges to hear civil lawsuits.

David Crowder may be reached at dcrowder@elpasotimes.com; 546-6194.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 21, 1983, Thursday, Final Edition

21 Were Censured Previously

SECTION: First Section; A10

LENGTH: 236 words


Here is a chronological list of the 21 House members who were censured prior to
Reps. Daniel B. Crane (R-Ill.) and Gerry E. Studds (D-Mass.) .The list includes
the offense and the year of the punishment.

William Stanberry of Ohio, insult to the speaker, 1832.

Joshua R. Giddings of Ohio, offensive paper, 1842.

Laurence M. Keitt of South Carolina, complicity in assault on senator, 1856.

Orsamus B. Matteson of New York, corruption, 1858.

Alexander Long of Ohio, treasonable utterance, 1864.

Benjamin G. Harris of Maryland, treasonable utterance, 1864.

John W. Chanler of New York, insult to House, 1866.

Lovell H. Rousseau of Kentucky, assault on representative, 1866.

John W. Hunter of New York, insult to respresentative, 1867.

Fernando Wood of New York, offensive utterance, 1868.

Edward D. Holbrook of Idaho, offensive utterance, 1869.

Benjamin Whittemore of South Carolina, corruption, 1870.

Roderick R. Butler of Tennessee, corruption, 1870.

John T. Deweese of North Carolina, corruption, 1870.

Oakes Ames of Massachusetts, corruption, 1873.

James Brooks of New York, corruption, 1873.

John Y. Brown of Kentucky, insult to representative, 1875.

William D. Bynum of Indiana, offensive utterance, 1890.

Thomas L. Blanton of Texas, abuse of leave to print, 1921.

Charles C. Diggs Jr. of Michigan, staff kickbacks, 1979.

Charles H. Wilson of California, financial misconduct, 1980.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Hawaii: Cook Islands Businessman Petitions For Anti-Corruption Body

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

There are growing calls for an Independent Commission against Corruption to be
set up in Cook Islands.

An online petition webpage has received nearly 94,000 visitors and about 900
likes on Facebook.

The petition claims that "long standing allegations of corruption are neither
investigated nor acted upon."

The man behind the petition, businessman Tata Crocombe says while Cook Islands
is a signatory to the United Nations Convention Against Corruption -
Transparency International says there is no credible anti-corruption agency in
Cook Islands.

That's something he'd like to see changed.

"It's the culmination of a whole series of allegations of corruption which have
remained uninvestigated," he said.

"I guess the straw that broke the camels back was the latest police
investigation into the Ministry of Fisheries, allegations of corruption in that
regard."

Mr. Crocombe says his online petition has received many supportive comments from
both current and former Cook Islands residents.

He says those comments support the view that an anti-corruption body is long
overdue.

"There's some hundreds of comments they tend to revolve around the need for
these ongoing allegations of corruption and some of them are quite massive to be
investigated," he said.

"An Independent Commission of Inquiry is just a standard piece of government
machinery these days and we don't have it on the Cook Islands, therefore a lot
of these matters are not addressed."

Mr. Crocombe says the government has either previously ignored calls for an anti
corruption watchdog or said that it cannot afford to establish one.

"The approach has been one of stonewalling," he said.

"The only response we've had has been that the government hasn't got any money
to put into a commission of inquiry.

"As signatories to the United Nations there's funding available through the
United Nations for institutions that deal with corruption through the Asian
development Bank, the Australian Government, the New Zealand Government.

"There's an endless source of funding available for this sort of government
apparatus."

Mr. Crocombe says as a result of better education and social media, both former
and current Cook Islanders are more informed of corruption allegations than they
were decades ago.

"The whole dynamic has changed, there's a lot more educated Cook Islanders
around who are engaged in the issue," he said.

"I mean 20 or 30 years ago there wasn't as many people who were as educated, as
aware.

"And with social media and internet one is able to be better informed, so the
whole political dynamic has fundamentally changed.

"Whether our political leaders understand that yet remains to be seen."

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           February 11, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-governor pleads not guilty to corruption; Rod Blagojevich believes tapes will
show he was involved in political wrangling, not graft

BYLINE: Jeff Coen, Mcclatchy Newspapers

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


As Rod Blagojevich pleaded not guilty Wednesday to corruption charges in a
revised indictment, his lawyers filed a motion seeking to play as many of the
hundreds of secret recordings as they want at his trial.

Blagojevich's lawyers wrote that the former Illinois governor is "desirous that
the recordings be heard in open court by the jury, believing as he does that a
full airing of the recordings will establish his innocence of every count in the
indictment."

The former governor and his lawyers have long suggested their best chance of
beating the charges in the case would be for the public to hear all of the
conversations captured by the government and decide for themselves whether the
talk constitutes public corruption or just typical political wrangling.

When investigators tapped Blagojevich's phones, the phones of some of his
associates and bugged his campaign offices in late 2008, they captured about 500
hours of conversations that have since been turned over to the defence.

In a statement after the hearing, Blagojevich said he's challenging prosecutors
and demanding all the tapes be played. "Play the truth and nothing but the
truth" he said "Play all the tapes."

While he may have a constitutional right to try to have the tapes suppressed,
Blagojevich said, "I'm not going to hide behind my lawyers, nor will I hide
behind technicalities in the law to try to block these tapes from being heard."

Blagojevich said he told his lawyers to file the petition with the court "so
every second, every minute, every hour that the government secretly taped me is
provided to both sides to be heard and played in court."

Blagojevich said the government should join in the motion if it is on the side
of truth and justice.

"And if this was a crime spree like you claim it was, then don't hide behind
technicalities, play all the tapes," he said.

His lawyer, Sam Adam Jr., said the defence was not specifically demanding that
all 500 hours of tapes be played, despite what his client had just said, but
that either side should be able to whatever it wants to.

"We are saying either side can play any minute of any tape that they wish to
play," Adam said, and that means either side could play them all if they want
to.

Adam said any relevant tape should be played, but not conversations of
Blagojevich talking to someone about "the Atlanta Hawks," or other unrelated
conversations.

"We're talking about any tape that has to do with this trial," Adam said. "Any
tape that can show either the modus operandi or the mental state of any of the
subjects in this case, play them."

Adam said he recognizes that, under the law, Blagojevich's legal team does not
have to prove the ex-governor innocent.

"We don't have to prove Rod innocent, but the tapes will," he said. "That's the
point here."

Adam then noted what Blagojevich had told the judge in court.

"He didn't enter a plea of 'not guilty,' he entered a plea of 'innocent,' " Adam
said. "And you know why he entered that plea of innocence? Because he is."

Blagojevich and Adam both repeated the former governor's promise that he will
take the stand at the upcoming trial.

Prosecutors have alleged that Blagojevich sought to enrich himself and some
close to him by leveraging the powers of his office, and that he attempted to
sell the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama to the highest bidder.
Blagojevich has contended that what he planned to do with the seat is attempt to
appoint Illinois Attorney-General Lisa Madigan in a political arrangement.

The motion was filed as Blagojevich pleaded not guilty to 24 criminal counts
levelled against him in a revised indictment handed down last week.

"I enter a plea of innocent to each and every charge," said Blagojevich, dressed
in a dark suit and light blue tie.

Prosecutors had sought the new indictment in an attempt to keep an upcoming
decision by the U.S. Supreme Court on "honest services" fraud law from stalling
the case before Blagojevich's June 3 trial date.

The ex-governor entered his not guilty plea before U.S. District Judge James
Zagel to charges that include racketeering, attempted extortion, bribery,
conspiracy to commit bribery and conspiracy to commit extortion.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Getty Images; Rod Blagojevich: 'Play the truth and nothing but the
truth. Play all the tapes.'

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            January 11, 2013 Friday

HA consolidation pilloried // Mariano: Well intentioned, but a `catastrophe'

BYLINE: John J. Monahan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1033 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


BOSTON - Gov. Deval L. Patrick is proposing to replace the state's 240 local
public housing authorities with a system of six regional housing authorities,
arguing that consolidation would produce better management, reduce political
corruption and save tens of millions of dollars that could be used to improve
housing for tenants.

The sweeping changes, already triggering a harsh backlash from some housing
officials around the state, was prompted in part by fraud and corruption
uncovered at the Chelsea Housing Authority last year, Mr. Patrick said.

The Chelsea Housing Authority director, Michael E. McLaughlin, had been giving
himself an inflated and unreported $360,000 salary. He is under investigation
for misusing millions in federal housing funds to benefit himself and others.

The governor's plan calls for the regional housing authorities to take over
ownership and operation of the local housing projects and apartments that
provide 83,000 homes for seniors and low-income residents around the state.

Mr. Patrick pointed out that California, with five times the population of
Massachusetts, has only 118 housing authorities, less than half the number in
Massachusetts. While many Massachusetts housing authorities function well, he
said, some do not.

"A number of recent incidents have exposed the need for more transparency and
accountability, better performance and greater efficiency," the governor said,
adding that his proposals would "modernize, simplify and professionalize" the
housing system.

"We owe the residents and the public no less," Mr. Patrick said.

Worcester Housing Authority Executive Director Raymond V. Mariano said Thursday
he believes the governor's intentions to improve housing authority performance
and operations have merit. However, he believes the plan is unworkable and will
likely be widely opposed around the state.

"The governor's desire to raise the bar for housing authorities is appropriate,"
Mr. Mariano said, adding that smaller housing authorities stand to benefit
greatly from sharing expertise and management resources available in larger
municipal housing authorities through a regional approach.

But he said, "As this was explained to me, it's a catastrophe. You would
eliminate any local participation on boards, and I think the local housing
authority boards can be a real asset in terms of keeping their fingers on the
pulse of the community."

Another problem, he said, is that the proposal would require all local housing
authority employees to lose their jobs and have to reapply for those jobs
through the newly-established regional state administration offices.

In Worcester, he said, that would affect all 200 housing authority employees who
work at the city's 24 housing projects.

"We are talking about thousands of employees who would lose their jobs and have
to reapply for their jobs," around the state, Mr. Mariano said.

"You can have a more regional approach - I don't disagree. But the way they are
going about it is so clumsy. There are regional housing authorities that exist
now, and that is a model that exists that would allow you to do this," Mr.
Mariano said.

The governor's plan calls for the proposed regional housing authorities to take
ownership of all state and federal public housing assets and take responsibility
for oversight and operation of them. Six regional housing authority boards,
which Mr. Patrick envisions as having some local representation and being
appointed by the governor, would oversee regional authorities headed up by an
executive director.

The governor said recent housing agency scandals revealed a lack of
accountability, patterns of misrepresentation, and a lack of oversight of local
public housing management that needs to be addressed.

He said Lt. Gov. Timothy P. Murray, whose public image has been smudged by his
previous close association with Mr. McLaughlin, approved of the proposed
reforms. Mr. Murray's relationship with Mr. McLaughlin included frequent
consultations and allegations that Mr. McLaughlin was improperly involved in
fundraising for Mr. Murray's political campaigns.

"He (Mr. Murray) feels as betrayed, indeed, I would say more betrayed, than
anyone. Here is a guy who misrepresented, as I say, with the federal government
and state government," the governor said of Mr. Murray's view of the need for
reforms.

Mr. Murray did not attend Mr. Patrick's Statehouse press conference Thursday,
but did issue a statement endorsing the plan.

"The plan builds on the administration's agenda to increase regionalization of
services at the local level and allow housing programs to better meet local
demands," Mr. Murray wrote. "Housing authorities are an important part of the
state's housing infrastructure, and we need to provide solutions that will
improve the effectiveness of these facilities for the long term."

Mr. Patrick said he expects the changes will be politically difficult, but he
believes they are necessary. He said he expects many issues raised by the
changes, including the transition of local housing workers to the new regional
authorities, will be worked out over the next year before the plan would be
implemented.

Building managers and custodial and maintenance staff would remain at public
housing facilities, answering to the regional authority. The more than 1,000
locally appointed housing authority board member positions, some of which are
paid, would be eliminated.

Mr. Patrick said legislative leaders have told him they will keep an open mind
in reviewing the proposals.

The governor said the legislation will allow municipalities to develop local
advisory boards.

The plan is expected to run into strong local opposition by housing officials
and possibly lawmakers who would have to approve it.

ART: PHOTOS

CUTLINE: (1) Worcester Housing Authority Executive Director Raymond V. Mariano
believes the governor's plan to improve housing authority performance is
unworkable. (2) Worcester Housing Authority Executive Director Raymond V.
Mariano, left, speaks to U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development New
England Regional Director Richard A. Walega at the Worcester Housing Authority
in 2010.

PHOTOG: (1) T&G File Photo/MARK C. IDE (2) T&G File Photo/TOM RETTIG

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BOSTON - Gov. Deval L. Patrick is proposing to replace the state's 240
local public housing authorities with a system of six regional housing
authorities, arguing that consolidation would produce better management, reduce
political corruption and save tens of millions of dollars that could be used to
improve housing for tenants.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            June 27, 2012 Wednesday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; LOCAL; Pg. A-5

LENGTH: 633 words


OBAMA BUS TOUR HEADED HERE

President Barack Obama is set to bring his re-election campaign through Western
Pennsylvania after Independence Day, though locations and dates have not been
released.

The Democrat is scheduled to do his first bus tour of the campaign, probably
starting in northern Ohio on July 5 and crossing the state border into
Pennsylvania afterwards. It follows a bus trip Republican challenger Mitt Romney
made through the two states and other battlegrounds two weeks ago.

The trip comes as fresh polling from Quinnipiac University shows the incumbent
with a 6-point lead over Mr. Romney among Pennsylvania voters, which is close to
their past results but down from the 47-39 percent lead he held in May.

EX-REP. GUILTY OF CORRUPTION

HARRISBURG -- A former state representative and onetime Pennsylvania revenue
secretary was convicted today of corruption.

A jury in Harrisburg issued the six-count guilty verdict for former Rep. Stephen
Stetler, a York County Democrat. He was the last among 25 defendants to stand
trial in a five-year-old legislative corruption investigation.

The jurors found him guilty of four charges of theft and one each of conspiracy
and conflict of interest. Sentencing will likely occur in about three months.

During five days of testimony, prosecutors portrayed Mr. Stetler as a willing
participant in a scheme by House Democratic leaders to illegally use legislative
employees for campaign work.

CALGON PICKS NEW LEADER

Calgon Carbon Corp. has looked to a neighboring chemical company for new
leadership, triggering a change in management at two Pittsburgh-area companies.

Randall S. Dearth, 48, will take over effective Aug. 1, the company announced
this morning. Mr. Dearth has been president and CEO of Findlay-based Lanxess
Corp., the North American operations of a German chemical company, since 2004
and has served on Calgon Carbon's board since 2007.

Lanxess announced it has named Flemming B. Bjornslev to succeed Mr. Dearth as
its president and CEO, taking over at a later date.

SLAYING SUSPECT ALSO ACCUSED OF ARSON, KILLING ANIMALS

State police have added two counts of arson and three counts of animal cruelty
to charges against the South Mahoning man accused of slitting the throats of his
two young daughters and his estranged wife.

Indiana County District Attorney Patrick Dougherty said that in addition to
three counts of criminal homicide, Lewis P. Beatty, 40, has now been charged
with setting fire to two houses on Morrow and Pfeiffer roads and shooting and
killing a dog, a pony and a goat.

On the morning of June 1, Mr. Dougherty said, Mr. Beatty slit the throat of his
6-year-old daughter at their home on Morrow Road. He went outside, shot the
animals and waited to slit the throat of his 11-year-old daughter when she
returned home from school, Mr. Dougherty said.

Leaving his two dead daughters at his house, Mr. Beatty went to Marion Center
Bank, where his wife worked, Mr. Dougherty said. He followed her to her
residence on Pfeiffer Road, Mr. Dougherty said, and slit her throat as well
before setting fire to her home.

Finally, Mr. Dougherty said, Mr. Beatty returned to Morrow Road and set a fire,
where a neighbor eventually pulled him from the flames.

BLAST HURTS 2 IN CONNELLSVILLE

Police said two people were injured this morning in an explosion at a chemical
supplier in Connellsville, Fayette County, that prompted the evacuation of an
entire block.

The incident was reported at 7:08 a.m. at 150 N. Fourth St., a building that
houses the O.C. Lugo Co. Inc. Police said the explosion occurred when red
phosphorus and fiberglass powder, two materials used to make igniters for
military oxygen generators, were mixed.

Houses and buildings within a block of the explosion were evacuated as a
precaution. People have since been allowed to return.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            BBC Monitoring Kiev Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 5, 2006 Tuesday

USA to allocate funds to help Ukraine combat corruption

LENGTH: 221 words


Text of report by Interfax-Ukraine news agency

Kiev/USA, 4 December: Ukraine and the USA have signed an intergovernmental
[cooperation] agreement in the area of science and technology and an agreement
on combating corruption in Ukraine.

An Interfax-Ukraine correspondent has reported that the signing ceremony took
place in Washington on Monday [4 December]. The two agreements were signed by
[Economics Minister] Volodymyr Makukha on behalf of Ukraine. The second
agreement on opening a threshold programme for Ukraine was signed between the
Cabinet of Ministers and the Millennium Challenge Corporation.

Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych told journalists that the programme
provides for the allocation of about 500m dollars by the USA for combating
corruption in Ukraine.

Economics Minister Volodymyr Makukha explained to journalists that the programme
provides for the allocation of 45m dollars for Ukraine for countering corruption
in government bodies, the judicial system and the system of education. According
to the minister, the implementation of these events will allow Ukraine to hope
for receiving a grant of about 500m dollars for implementing projects.

According to him, these funds may be used for implementing an energy-saving
programme.

Source: Interfax-Ukraine news agency, Kiev, in Russian 2111 gmt 4 Dec 06

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       July 14, 2002 Sunday Home Edition

Did 'system work' in Dorsey trial?

BYLINE: COLIN CAMPBELL

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 556 words


Before we feel too relieved that somebody has finally been convicted of murder
in the shooting of Sheriff-elect Derwin Brown, let's recall a few things about
the case that are still very troubling. They're as painful, in some ways, as the
agonized face and trembling body of Brown's widow on TV.

Several conspirators went free. To be sure, the prosecutor, J. Tom Morgan, felt
he had to give two bad guys immunity to get them to testify against former
Sheriff Sidney Dorsey and two other suspects. But soon Morgan saw four suspects
walk. Maybe "the system worked" when the jury finally convicted Dorsey, but it
hasn't worked very well.

If the trial hadn't moved, moreover, from Decatur to Albany, even Dorsey might
have evaded a murder conviction. Dorsey's lawyers called for the change of venue
to avoid a bunch of bad publicity --- but the tactic backfired. A more cynical
DeKalb jury might have balked at the murder charge just as an earlier DeKalb
jury did in the trial of two of Dorsey's sidekicks. Maybe the defense, in short,
saved J. Tom's bacon.

Taking a wider view than the theater of the courtroom, you've got to be shocked,
even now, with the jury's conclusion that in the year 2000 Dorsey, the corrupt
sitting sheriff of one of Georgia's most sophisticated counties, ordered the
murder of the man who'd just defeated him at the polls. The crime sounds like
stuff that happens in dictatorships and failed states, in places ruled by guns
instead of laws. Metro Atlanta has spent a lot of time focusing on the case's
human drama, on DeKalb County and on the fact that Dorsey was DeKalb's first
African-American sheriff. But a political murder in America, committed by
lawmen, suggests a danger that takes the breath away.

Even more troubling, in some ways, is the widespread pattern of official
corruption that preceded Brown's murder.

Plainly, corruption has flourished for decades at the DeKalb County Jail. But
official corruption around here is also bigger than that --- and, unfortunately,
the story of Brown's murder has tended to ignore or discount this wider problem.

Sometimes, for example, the story has focused too narrowly on DeKalb. But DeKalb
is very much part of (metro) Atlanta, and other parts of the metro area,
especially the city of Atlanta, have been even more corrupt than DeKalb. Local
corruption has also involved state figures who've profited from the area's
highways.

Another problem is that some people still discount all this corruption by
regarding it as petty. In truth, though, metro corruption has cost tens of
millions of dollars. Sometimes stealing and highhandedness, moreover, lead to
cover-ups, arrogance, exploitation and worse.

In Sheriff Dorsey's world, they led to gangsterism.

"Give me a break," you might reply. "What about politicians who take bribes and
call them campaign contributions? What about corporations whose officers get
rich by faking corporate earnings and then cashing in on their stock options?"

Well, corruption really is a national problem. But if we're lucky, Congress and
the public will demand reforms. In metro Atlanta, by contrast --- even after
years of outrages and many criminal investigations --- the old-fashioned sleaze
just keeps on flowing, and too many citizens seem to think it's none of their
concern.

ccampbell@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Former DeKalb County Sheriff Sidney Dorsey (center), with his
defense team of (from left) Brian Steel, Carl Bryant and Donald Samuel, was
found guilty Wednesday of murder, racketeering and theft charges. / KIMBERLY
SMITH / Staff

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

Indiana: Secretary of State Connie Lawson's nominee for the Margaret Chase Smith
American Democracy Award wins

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Secretary, The State of Indiana has issued the following news release:

Secretary of State Connie Lawson applauded the awarding of the Margaret Chase
Smith American Democracy Award to Rhode Island Deputy Secretary of State Paul
Caranci.  Secretary Lawson nominated Mr. Caranci in recognition of his political
bravery in stopping corruption in the town of North Providence, Rhode Island.
Mr. Caranci was selected by a vote of the National Association of Secretaries of
State who informed Secretary Lawson's nominee at the Association's summer
conference in Baltimore, MD.

"Paul demonstrated a great amount of political courage by working to uncover
corrupt public officials," said Secretary Lawson.  "His willingness to stand up
to corruption is a true example of what it means to be a public servant.  Paul
sacrificed a budding political career to ensure the citizens of North Providence
were being represented by fair and honest elected officials."

While serving as Deputy Secretary of State, Mr. Caranci also served on the North
Providence Town Council.  During his time on the Council, Mr. Caranci uncovered
an extortion, bribery and kickback scheme directed by his council colleagues.
He worked with the FBI for almost two years to gather evidence all the while
putting his family and career at risk.  Because of his effort, those involved in
the corruption were found guilty.  Five were sent to federal prison, two to
half-way houses, one to home confinement and two were ordered to pay fines.

U.S. Representative Todd Rokita (R-IN 4), former NASS president, was
instrumental in helping Secretary Lawson develop the nomination materials.

The Margaret Chase Smith American Democracy Award began in 1992. It is named
after Margaret Chase Smith, a former U.S. Senator from Maine, who put her career
on the line by speaking out against Senator Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s.
Recipients are nominated and recognized for similar acts of political bravery,
uncommon character and selflessness when serving the public.  Former winners of
the award include former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, Rosa Parks
and former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor.

For further information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JULY 9, 2004 Friday CITY-D EDITION

A tougher line on corruption;
The government has stepped up its efforts, as shown in Phila. and N.J.
A tougher line on corruption

BYLINE: Emilie Lounsberry INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1271 words


In Philadelphia, FBI agents spent nearly 2 1/2 years tapping phones and
listening to conversations involving two top supporters of Mayor Street - and
then they hid a bug in the mayor's office.

In New Jersey, they raided the state Democratic headquarters and secretly taped
Gov. McGreevey.

Such bold measures reflect the aggressive approach to political-corruption cases
playing out in separate federal investigations on both sides of the Delaware
River. In Philadelphia, the federal inquiry has shaken up City Hall. In New
Jersey, the investigation has gone right to the governor's doorstep.

"Right now, the topic is corruption. It's hot. Both U.S. attorneys are pursuing
it with vigor," said Charles H. Rogovin, a law professor at Temple University,
who called it a "massive effort to get at a very dangerous problem."

Michael L. Seigel, a former federal prosecutor here who is now a professor at
the University of Florida's Levin College of Law, said corruption cases can take
years to put together, so it is almost certainly coincidental that the probes in
New Jersey and Philadelphia are taking place at the same time.

Seigel said FBI corruption agents and career federal prosecutors appear to be
intently focused on building these traditionally difficult cases.

"It's hardball," he said.

In both jurisdictions, those caught up in the inquiries have cried politics.

Street, a Democrat, said last week that he still had questions about whether the
investigation was politically motivated by a Republican presidential
administration. On Wednesday, McGreevey blasted U.S. Attorney Christopher
Christie, who is often mentioned as a potential GOP challenger to the Democratic
governor, accusing him of political motivations and trying to "smear my personal
integrity, my character, and my reputation."

Michael Drewniak, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office, said yesterday
that Christie "is not a candidate for governor" and has no intention of
disqualifying himself from the investigation.

Seigel, who was a federal prosecutor in Republican and Democratic
administrations, said he did not believe partisan politics had been a factor in
these high-profile investigations. But he said some ambitious prosecutors seem
to emulate Rudy Giuliani, an aggressive U.S. attorney who went on to become the
mayor of New York.

Giuliani put together some great cases, Seigel said, but when U.S. attorneys
have political aspirations, it can create a "dangerous situation" in which
politics appears to be a motivating factor. "I think that can lead a U.S.
attorney in the wrong direction," he said.

Political corruption has long been a priority for federal law enforcement
officials in New Jersey and Philadelphia, and there have been successful
prosecutions: Abscam influence-peddling. Envelopes filled with cash for judges,
courtesy of the Roofers Union. A Philadelphia councilman who conspired with the
mob to shake down a developer.

New Jersey has had many corruption cases dating to the 1970s, and Christie has
been particularly aggressive in pursuing them. About three dozen current or
former public officials - Democrats and Republicans - have been indicted in the
30 months since Christie became U.S. attorney. At least 28 of those officials
have been convicted or have pleaded guilty, and other cases are pending.

"New Jersey has had an unending series of public officials who just don't
learn," said John C. Coffee Jr., Columbia University law professor.

Nationally, corruption is more often a big-city problem. Chicago and New York,
for example, are known for successful corruption prosecutions. The number of
state and local officials indicted each year has generally increased since 1994,
according to Justice Department figures. A total of 247 state and local
officials nationwide were indicted in 1994; 409 were indicted in 2002.

But the ability to effectively prosecute such cases can be affected by
priorities set by the Justice Department. During the 1990s, for example, there
was a push for federal prosecutions of drugs and weapons cases.

"Political corruption sort of dropped off the radar," said Philadelphia lawyer
Peter F. Vaira, a former U.S. attorney here who was also a federal prosecutor in
Chicago.

Vaira and others said such cases are tough to put together and require diligent
and resourceful agents and prosecutors. "It's not easy to get evidence. These
are things that go on behind closed doors," said James B. Jacobs, a law
professor at New York University.

So, other experts said, people should not be surprised that FBI agents, who
initiate and carry out the investigations, and federal prosecutors, who prepare
the cases for indictment and trial, are using the most aggressive tools
available.

Wiretaps and bugs - once used almost exclusively to go after the mob - are now
just as likely to be used in white-collar and corruption investigations.

And often, one wiretap leads to another.

In Philadelphia, the roots of the wide-ranging corruption case go back to a
federal drug investigation. As part of that inquiry, federal authorities
conducted electronic surveillance of Imam Shamsud-din Ali, a Muslim cleric and
longtime Street ally who has emerged as a focus of the corruption case. Ali was
not among those indicted last week, but an investigation into his contracts with
the city is continuing.

The Ali wiretaps led to court-authorized wiretaps of conversations of another
Street supporter, lawyer Ronald A. White, who was indicted last week, along with
former City Treasurer Corey Kemp and 10 others, in a sweeping corruption case
investigated by the FBI and the IRS.

U.S. Attorney Patrick L. Meehan has said Street is not likely to be charged.

Meehan, in announcing the indictments, said there was a "culture of corruption"
in Philadelphia. "How can the people of Philadelphia have trust in a system in
which public trust routinely is bought and sold?" he said.

The New Jersey investigation, meanwhile, has started to become public. In March,
the FBI raided New Jersey Democratic Party headquarters, seeking documents
involving a key fund-raiser for McGreevey.

That fund-raiser, David M. D'Amiano, was indicted Monday on charges that he
extorted $40,000 in cash and campaign contributions to influence New Jersey
state and county officials to inflate the value of a farm.

Christie, at a news conference, said the charges reflected "the corrupt and
broken political system in New Jersey."

The indictment was based on secretly recorded conversations. McGreevey was
interviewed in March by federal authorities, who played tapes of three
conversations the governor had with D'Amiano and the farm's co-owner, Mark
Halper.

In one of the taped conversations, McGreevey mentions the name Machiavelli,
which the indictment said was a code word Halper wanted McGreevey to say to
indicate he would help Halper's family get more money for the farm under a state
farmland-preservation program.

McGreevey said that he had done nothing wrong and that he had mentioned
Machiavelli as a literary reference.

People who follow these cases say it is far too early to predict what will
happen next in Philadelphia or New Jersey.

But Seigel said to expect the prosecutors involved in the Philadelphia and New
Jersey investigations to continue to play hardball. "They have the
responsibility to use every tool Congress has given them," Seigel said. "It
sounds like they're doing it."

Contact staff writer Emilie Lounsberry at 215-854-4828 or
elounsberry@phillynews.com.

Inquirer staff writer Mark Fazlollah contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                 March 23, 2016

Last Word: CVC to use IIM-Indore's thesis on 'Corruption Vulnerability'

BYLINE: Our Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 344  words


Indore: Indian Institute of Management, Indore has claimed that its thesis on "
Corruption Vulnerability of Organisations"would be used by the Central Vigilance
Commission, an apex agency monitoring governmental corruption.



In a release issued here on Tuesday, IIM-Indore said that the institute has
developed a preventive vigilance tool from the thesis on 'Corruption
Vulnerability of Organisations'.

The premier institute presented its tool to KV Chowdhary, IRS, Central Vigilance
Commissioner in a meeting of the Chief Vigilance Officers and CEOs of Public
Sector Organisations at Cochin lately.

The occasion was the third anniversary celebrations of Vigilance Study Circle,
Kerala.

The presentation was made by J Vinayan, FPM (Industry) scholar of IIM-Indore and
Chief Vigilance Officer of the Fertilizers and Chemicals Travancore Limited,
Cochin. Vinayan had been pursuing his doctoral level thesis at IIM-Indore since
2013 under the guidance of Professor Ranjeet Nambudiri, Professor Sushanta K
Mishra and Professor Nobin Thomas with additional guidance from Professor K
Praveen Parboteeah, Director, College of Business and Economics, University of
Wisconsin- White Water, WI, USA who is the renowned international expert in the
area of ethics and corruption. The doctoral thesis involved the development of
an organisational level tool which can predict corruption vulnerability in
organisations and departments.

"This Index (CVI) can be used to grade organisations and compare them with each
other in similar manner as Corruption Perception Index of Amnesty International
or Control of Corruption Index of World Bank which grade and compare countries
for their perception of corruption," the release said.

It added: "This is the first time such an organisational level preventive and
predictive tool is being made with academic scrutiny and rigor."

The CVC had called for a detailed technical presentation of the Corruption
Vulnerability Index later this year. "This is a matter of pride for the
IIM-Indore as a whole," IIM-Indore media in-charge Akhtar Parvez said.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                               September 02, 2015

Buhari's Anti-Corruption War, Turning Point for Intellectualism - Bogoro

BYLINE: Abiodun Oluwarotimi

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: New York


Executive Secretary of the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFUND), Professor
Sulaiman Elias Bogoro, has said that the anti-corruption war of President
Mohanmadu Buhari, if pursued to logical conclusion and effectiveness, could
constitute the turning point to making intellectualism and knowledge as the key
factors to help in moving Nigeria from the hitherto perceived culture of
impunity.

Making this known at opening ceremony of the second phase of the International
Workshop on Research and Development and Innovation organized an the University
of Dayton, Ohio by the African Leadership Institute USA and TETFUND, Bogoro said
discipline in governance and leadership by example as well as the aggressive
fight against all forms of corruption were likely the key drivers of philosophy
of governance enunciated by the president.

He added that the posture of the president was expected to constitute the
benchmark in governance at both political and institutional levels.

Saying that the role of TETFUND in promoting the institutionalization of
Research, Development and Innovation in Nigeria tertiary institutions would be
duly followed, Bogoro described the task of, and roles for the agency in
deepening understanding, policy direction and implementation of R and D as the
veritable foundation for Nigeria's economic diversification and global
competitive capacity.

He also called for the case for sustained campaign and advocacy with key
Research and Development collaborators and stakeholders like ASUU, ASUP, COEASU,
The Industry, Civil Society, government and the media.

The TETFUND boss however said there was need to eliminate social and attitudinal
negativism as obstacles to making knowledge, creativity and enterprise as the
pivots for a competitive economy and sustainable development of Nigeria.

On partnership, Bogoro said the African Leadership Institute could work with
TETFUND to facilitate its vision for institutionalization of Research and
Development in Nigerian tertiary institutions, not only as a tantalizing
attraction for the industry to court, but more profoundly, that it constitutes
the take off point for the institutiinalization of knowledge-driven economy,
thereby guaranteeing Nigeria's economic competitiveness and sustainable growth
in the manner of the more advanced economies.

He however hailed the leadership of the Institute forbits role in helping Africa
and its leaders to address the challenges that have for decades militated
against the realization of the potentials of a continent so richly endowed.

He said: "In case of Nigeria, the Institute believes my country has all it
takes, by way of both natural and exceptionally endowed human resources, to
compete with and match the best nations in the world.

"In this regard, I have immense respect for the commitment and leadership of
Professor Iyorwuese Hagher, the Executive Director of the Institute, for his
ability to drive this program for which we are all gathered here in the historic
innovation city of Dayton."

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   January 26, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

Ex-governor denies corruption;
 The lawyer for Louisiana's Edwin Edwards calls gambling trial 'all speculation
and spin' as argument begins.

BYLINE: Anne Rochell Konigsmark, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 565 words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge

The federal government's case against former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards "is a
corruption case without corruption, an extortion case without extortion,"
Edwards' attorney said Tuesday.

After almost two weeks of jury selection, prosecutors and defense attorneys
presented opening statements in the gambling corruption trial of Edwards, 72,
and six co-defendants, including his older son, Stephen, and state Sen. Greg
Tarver.

It was the first opportunity the defendants have had to state their side of the
story since they were indicted on 34 counts in November 1998. U.S. District
Judge Polozola has a strict gag order on everyone involved in the case.

"Sometimes a meeting is just a meeting, and sometimes a friend is just a
friend," said Dan Small, a Boston attorney representing Edwards. He was refuting
the government's claim that Edwards and six co-defendants met with casino
developers and pressured them for millions in payoffs in exchange for Louisiana
operating licenses.

Small said the government's case --- which relies on more than 1,000 secretly
taped conversations as well as testimony from alleged co- conspirators who pled
guilty in exchange for lenient sentences --- is "bits and pieces."

"There is no evidence of anyone paying money because they were threatened by
Edwin Edwards," he said. "He tried to help friends, yes, strangers, yes. But the
government's case is all speculation and spin."

Outside the courthouse, Edwards said the government was putting the "worst spin"
on things.

"People call on me for advice and suggestions, whether I am in or out of
office," he said. "I don't turn people down. But everything I do is
controversial, and everything I say is sometimes twisted into something else."

The government's charges stem from seven alleged schemes to extort money from
riverboat casino operators in exchange for favorable rulings from the state
casino licensing board. The schemes allegedly took place between 1991 and 1998,
during and after Edwards' fourth and final term as governor. They involve five
existing and proposed casinos around the state. Only 15 riverboat casinos are
allowed to operate in the state at one time.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Jim Letten said in his opening statement that Edwards
led a "criminal business" and that he "served at the core of that enterprise
with his son, Stephen." He used his power, notoriety and influence to extort
money from casino developers. He, his son, and several of his friends and
business associates profited from the deals made with casinos, Letten said.

The prosecution Tuesday confirmed a long-rumored report that state Sen. Cleo
Fields, a former U.S. congressman and candidate for governor, received $ 25,000
in cash from Edwards, which he was supposed to distribute to Tarver and Ecotry
Fuller, a gaming commission member who also has been indicted. Fields has not
been indicted. The government says it has a secretly recorded videotape of the
hand-off.

The 12 jurors include six white men, four white women and two black men. There
are six alternates --- four white men and two white women. The makeup of the
jury was considered crucial: Edwards fought unsuccessfully to have the trial
moved to New Orleans, where the jury pool tends to include more black people. He
has a history of support from the black community.

The trial is expected to last at least three months.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
A co-defendant, state Sen. Greg Tarver (D-Shreveport), arrives at court Tuesday
for opening statements in the gambling corruption trial. / BILL FEIG /
Associated Press

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 July 23, 2009

9th Circuit Court rules officers' statements not protected by First Amendment

BYLINE: Correy Stephenson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 311  words


Statements made by police officers as part of corruption investigations were
pursuant to their official duties and thus not protected by the First Amendment,
the 9th Circuit has ruled in affirming summary judgment for their employer.

Two officers filed suit, alleging they were retaliated against in violation of
§1983 for multiple incidents during their careers where they investigated
corruption or assisted other agencies - such as the District Attorney's Office
and the FBI - in looking into corruption.

Their employer moved for summary judgment, arguing that the alleged incidents of
speech were not made as private citizens, but pursuant to their official duties,
and that therefore the speech was not protected from retaliation under the First
Amendment.

The court agreed.

While the court found that each of the instances involved a matter of public
concern, it said that the officers failed to establish that they were speaking
as private citizens.

The officers were asked to assist with an investigation into the public works
department by their superiors, and they were ordered to continue with a golf
course corruption investigation, the court said.

As for cooperating with the FBI, "[i]t is clear that in California a police
officer's official duties include investigating corruption, so as to 'prevent
the commission of crime ... [and] assist in its detection. ' While we do not
know the contents of any speech that [the officer] made, we do know that such
conversations with the FBI would have been to 'disclos[e] all information known
to [him]' regarding the alleged acts of corruption within the [police
department]. This obviously encompasses his duty to uphold the law specifically
entrusted to California's peace officers," the court said.

U.S. Court of Appeals, 9th Circuit. Huppert v. City of Pittsburg, No. 06-17362.
July 21, 2009. Lawyers USA No. 993-990.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 22, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

Clinton Accuses Brown of Opposing Campaign Donation Limits 2 Years Ago

David Von Drehle, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21

LENGTH: 691 words

DATELINE: BUFFALO, March 21, 1992


Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton took a whack squarely at the root of former
California governor Edmund G. "Jerry" Brown Jr.'s candidacy today, accusing
Brown of working to defeat campaign finance reform as recently as two years ago.

Brown's insurgent campaign is distinguished by his refusal to take more than $
100 from any donor; he argues that big contributions are the cause of stagnation
and corruption in American government.

But in their first face-to-face meeting since the Democratic presidential
campaign dwindled to a two-man race, Clinton charged: "In 1990, Governor Brown
testified in California against limits on campaign contributions, and his law
firm got $ 178,000 in taxpayer money for defeating the California contribution
limit."

Clinton aides later supplied documentation in the form of a March 13 San
Francisco Chronicle article. It said Brown, as chairman of the California
Democratic Party, testified under oath in 1990 that, "I don't think large
contributions per se have any different impact" than contributions capped at $
1,000 under a law approved by state voters.

A cap on contributions "does nothing to lower corruption," the article quotes
Brown testifying as part of a lawsuit aimed at abolishing the contribution cap.
According to the Chronicle, Brown and his law firm, Fulbright & Jaworski, helped
to persuade a federal judge to strike down the limits, which were passed by
referendum in 1988.

The law firm has submitted a bill to the state for $ 178,000 in expenses
incurred fighting the contribution caps, known as Proposition 73. Clinton was
wrong, however, when he said the firm has received the money; the bill is on
hold while the case is appealed, the Chronicle reported.

Clinton's charge was made at the end of a candidates' forum here, where he and
Brown appeared with former Minnesota senator Eugene McCarthy and Larry Agran,
the former mayor of Irvine, Calif. Brown had no opportunity to respond beyond
challenging Clinton to another debate, "in Harlem, at the Apollo Theater." He
was quoted in the Chronicle article as saying "my thinking has evolved since
then," and that Proposition 73 was "pseudo-reform" that did not go far enough.

Shaking up an otherwise uneventful exchange, Clinton's blast signaled that the
front-runner does not intend to give Brown a free pass along the high road.
Brown, with his populist rhetoric and a toll-free fund-raising telephone line,
has styled himself as a reformed political sinner come to baptize America's
corrupt "governing elite" with fire.

"I'm not here to get along and go along," he said today. "I'm here to confront
the corrupt status quo."

But Clinton was skeptical. As chairman of the California Democrats, Brown "was
still shaking the money tree in the 1980s when I was out working for real
political reform," Clinton said. Clinton refuses to take donations from
political action committees.

Earlier in his dawn-to-midnight campaign marathon, as the ranks of New York and
Connecticut Democrats began closing behind him, Clinton criticized President
Bush on abortion, economics and education.

Clinton said the administration's apparent modification of the controversial
"gag rule," to let physicians in federally funded clinics discuss abortion with
their patients, is "clearly politically motivated. . . . On this issue as on so
many others, it's hard to divine any real conviction in George Bush."

Next, he derided Bush's Friday veto of the congressional tax package. Congress,
Clinton said, gave the president most of the things he asked for, and "all
Congress asked was to do something about the grievous inequality" of the tax
system.

And in a speech to 2,200 members of the New York State United Teachers at a
Manhattan hotel, Clinton charged Bush with cutting the percentage of the budget
devoted to education while increasing the amount of red tape placed on schools
by the federal government.

Throughout the day, Clinton collected endorsements. The teacher's union gave him
its backing, as did New York Reps. Jose' E. Serrano, Charles E. Schumer and Ted
Weiss. In Connecticut, Sen. Christopher J. Dodd came out for Clinton.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, AT CANDIDATES DEBATE IN BUFFALO YESTERDAY ARE BILL CLINTON,
LEFT, "JERRY" BROWN, EX-SENATOR EUGENE MCCARTHY AND IRVINE, CALIF., EX-MAYOR
LARRY AGRAN. CLINTON ATTACKED BROWN OVER CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM. REUTER

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

Justice Department Returns Forfeited Assets Derived from Public Corruption
Scheme to Korean Minister of Justice

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Office for the United States Attorneys, Central District of California has
issued the following news release:



  The Department of Justice has returned $1,126,951.45 in forfeited assets to
the government of the Republic of Korea.


    The forfeited assets &ndash; which were returned yesterday &ndash; were the
profits of a public corruption scheme orchestrated by former Korean President
Chun Doo Hwan in the 1990s, and were laundered to the United States by
Chun&rsquo;s family members and associates. The assets were forfeited in two
recent civil forfeiture actions filed in Los Angeles and Philadelphia as part of
the Department of Justice&rsquo;s Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative.
 "The return of these assets is a powerful vindication of the rule of law, and
an important victory for the people of the Republic of Korea," said Attorney
General Loretta E. Lynch.
 "The Department of Justice is committed to ensuring that the proceeds of
corruption have no safe haven in this country," said United States Attorney
Eileen M. Decker. "We will vigilantly pursue such proceeds and return them to
the victims of the corruption."
 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement&rsquo;s Homeland Security
Investigations and the Federal Bureau of Investigations investigated the cases
leading to the U.S. forfeiture of the assets being returned to Korea and served
as the seizing agencies.
 In 1997, a criminal court in Korea convicted former President Chun of accepting
more than $200 million in bribes from Korean corporations and ordered him to pay
approximately $212 million in criminal penalties. In 2013, the Anti-Corruption
Division of the Korean Supreme Prosecutor&rsquo;s Office opened a money
laundering investigation regarding the potential laundering of the bribery
proceeds into the United States by Chun and his associates through the
acquisition of U.S. real estate and opening of U.S. bank accounts.
 In February 2014, FBI agents seized $726,951.45 in a California escrow account.
Those funds represented the net proceeds from the sale of a Newport Beach house
that
 President Chun&rsquo;s son, Chun Jae Yong, had purchased in 2005 with proceeds
traced to his father&rsquo;s corruption scheme. In April 2014, the U.S.
Attorney&rsquo;s Office in Los Angeles filed a civil forfeiture action against
the $726,951.45.
 In February 2015, a second civil forfeiture action was filed in the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania against a secured investment worth approximately
$500,000 in a Pennsylvania company, which also was traced to Chun&rsquo;s
corruption scheme.
 In March 2015, the government reached a settlement agreement of the two civil
forfeiture actions, resulting in the forfeiture of a total of $1,126,951.45,
which was returned to the government of the Republic of Korea yesterday.
 The case filed in Los Angeles was prosecuted by the United States
Attorney&rsquo;s Office and United States Department of Justice, Criminal
Division, Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Chicago-Based Ronan Potts Among 6 Indicted for Corruption

                          February 11, 2004, Wednesday

By Yvette Shields

DATELINE: CHICAGO



Powerful Chicago-based lobbying firm Ronan Potts LLC, whose ties to Illinois'
public finance community run deep, was among six defendants named yesterday in a
federal indictment on corruption charges.

The six are charged with allegedly participating in a scheme to steer an $11.5
million contract to a management firm hired in 2001 by the Metropolitan Pier and
Exposition Authority to manage the $800 million bond-financed expansion of
McCormick Place convention center in Chicago.

The indictment also names Scott Fawell, who was then the chief executive officer
of MetPier and is now serving jail time stemming from previous corruption
charges that are also part of the same sweeping six-year-old probe into state
government corruption known as Operation Safe Road.

In addition to Ronan Potts and Fawell, the indictment names Fawell's former
assistant Andrea Courtretsis and two former employees of Jacobs Facilities Inc.,
a St. Louis-based consulting firm that has overseen the expansion project. Julie
Starsiak, a former officer of Ronan Potts who represented Jacobs in its efforts
to obtain the contract, was also named.

The indictment alleges that Fawell and Courtretsis provided Ronan Potts with
confidential, non-public information that in turn was handed over to Jacobs to
give the firm an edge in the bidding process. The firm lowered its initial bid
to $11.5 million from $18.8 million and won the contract.

To the surprise of some market participants, Al Ronan, a close friend of Fawell
and the head of Ronan Potts, was not named in the indictment. It does, however,
note that "between 1999 and 2002, a Ronan Potts principal and close associate of
Fawell, identified as 'Fawell Associate 1,' offered Fawell, and Fawell accepted,
such gifts as meals, golfing, entertainment, vacations, and contributions to his
legal defense fund."

At a news conference yesterday, U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald declined to say
why Ronan was not indicted or whether he was cooperating with authorities. "The
investigation is continuing," he said.

An arraignment date has not been set. Ronan Potts attorney James Cutrone was not
immediately available for comment.

Ronan Potts has long-standing ties to Chicago's public finance community.
Ronan's firm had worked as a lobbyist on behalf of ABN Amro Financial Services
Inc., which paid him $5,000 per month, according to filings with the Municipal
Securities Rulemaking Board. The firm severed its relationship with Ronan Potts
last year. Merrill Lynch & Co. had hired Ronan Potts last year as a consultant
at $10,000 per month in the second quarter of 2003, according to MSRB filings
under Rule G-38. A Merrill spokesman said the firm has severed its ties to Ronan
Potts. The split, however, was recent because Ronan still lists Merrill as a
client in state and city records and on the lobbying firm's Web site.

Ronan Potts has had a longstanding lobbying relationship with PTW, which was
known formerly FPT & W, until John Filan sold his interest in the firm in early
2003 to take the job as Illinois's top finance official. The two firms shared
office space until last November, but Ronan Potts remains a lobbyist for PTW,
according to a firm official.

Ronan, a former state representative from Chicago, also previously worked as a
lobbyist for the now shuttered Rodman & Renshaw Inc. Ronan previously served as
a state representative from 1979 to 1992 when he lost a re-election bid.

The investigation into MetPier is continuing. Federal authorities, according to
published reports, have also subpoenaed MetPier records of its contract with the
law firm Mayer Brown Rowe & Maw LLP to lobby for the expansion of McCormick
Place. Mayer Brown hired two subcontractors for the job, including Ronan Potts.

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: THE REGIONS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 648 words

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

California: The Cost of Corruption in Europe -- Up to [#x20ac]990 Billion
(£781.64 Billion) Lost Annually

LENGTH: 564  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Sacramento: The Rand Corporation, The State of California has issued the
following news release:



      RAND Europe's study shows the true extent of the cost of corruption in the
EU, with new figures far higher than the previous estimate of [#x20ac]120
billion (&pound;94.74 billion).



     Study estimates that an initial [#x20ac]71.12 billion (&pound;56.16
billion) could be saved through the EU adopting three policy measures regarding
corruption.

     Corruption risks during public procurement could cost Europe around
[#x20ac]5 billion (&pound;3.95 billion) a year.



 A new study has highlighted the true extent of the cost of corruption in
Europe, with new estimates showing that up to [#x20ac]990 billion (&pound;781.64
billion) in GDP terms is lost annually.



 The Cost of Non-Europe in the Area of Corruption Study by RAND Europe,
commissioned by the European Parliament, investigated the many forms of
corruption, which includes paying bribes or exercising power to give privileged
access to public services, goods or contracts.



 The new figures from the study are far higher than the initial estimate
provided by the European Commission of [#x20ac]120 billion (&pound;94.74
billion), after RAND Europe used an innovative methodology to measure the cost
of corruption to the EU as a whole. This takes into account the indirect effects
of corruption, such as disincentives of companies to invest, and direct effects,
such as money lost on tax revenues and public procurement.



 Corruption involving EU public procurement was estimated to cost Europe around
[#x20ac]5 billion (&pound;3.95 billion) a year. This form of corruption could be
involving only one organisation in a procurement process, or giving
organisations just a couple of days to respond to a tender for a new contract.



 Based on the study, RAND Europe has recommended three policy measures to
address corruption in Europe and retrieve an initial [#x20ac]71.12 billion
(&pound;56.16 billion) from the money lost each year. These are:



     Applying the updated Cooperation and Verification Mechanism (CVM), which
was used in Bulgaria and Romania before each joined the EU, to other member
states could reduce corruption costs by [#x20ac]70 billion (&pound;55.27
billion) annually.

     Establishing a European Public Prosecutors' Office (EPPO), which would
assist OLAF (the European Commission Anti-Fraud Office) in investigating
corruption across the EU, could reduce corruption costs by [#x20ac]0.2 billion
(&pound;0.16 billion) annually.

     Implementing a full EU-wide procurement system could reduce corruption
costs by [#x20ac]920 million (&pound;726.37 million) annually.



 Marco Hafner, a research leader at RAND Europe and the report's main author,
says: "Corruption imposes significant social, political and economic costs. Not
only does it result in huge amounts of money being lost annually, but corruption
leads to more unequal societies, higher levels of organised crime, weaker rule
of law and lower trust in public institutions."



 He continues: "Measuring corruption is challenging, but our study provides one
of the most realistic and current estimations of its true cost to Europe as a
whole. Our recommendations highlight achievable targets for the EU and member
states to help stop corruption from taking place and limit the amount of money
lost each year."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tico Times (San Jose, Costa Rica)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 14, 2012 Monday

BRIEF: In ongoing corruption probe, President Chinchilla orders removal of
roadway official

BYLINE: The Tico Times, San Jose, Costa Rica

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 194 words


May 14--President Laura Chinchilla on Monday ordered the dismissal of Carlos
Acosta, director of the National Roadway Council (CONAVI), in the latest of an
ongoing corruption investigation of the agency, Communications Minister
Francisco Chacon said.

At CONAVI, Acosta oversaw public infrastructure projects financed by the
Inter-American Development Bank. He was appointed earlier this month amid
controversy stemming from alleged corruption between CONAVI workers and
companies that won construction contracts for Route 1856, a 160-km road along
the San Juan River, which forms the border with Nicaragua.

Also on Monday, investigators from the Prosecutor's Office and Judicial
Investigation Police (OIJ) raided CONAVI and National Emergency Commission
offices in San Jose, and the homes of at least six government employees in the
provinces of Heredia and Puntarenas, and the southeastern district of San
Francisco de Dos Rios in San Jose.

According to OIJ, no arrests were made, and only documents were seized during
the raids.

___ (c)2012 The Tico Times (San JosÃ©, CRI) Visit The Tico Times (San JosÃ©,
CRI) at www.ticotimes.net Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120514-1TT-BRF-In-ongoing-corruption
-probe-President-Chinchilla-orders-removal-of-roadway-official-0514-20120514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1TT


                         Copyright 2012 The Tico Times


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 29, 2015 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Scandals helped end Hastert's term;
Record-setting leadership as House speaker soured by 'culture of corruption'
accusations

BYLINE: Susan Davis, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 333 words


Dennis Hastert, 73, is the longest-serving Republican speaker of the U.S. House,
serving from January 1999 until Republicans lost the House in the 2006
elections.

He was often referred to as the "accidental speaker" for his unusual rise to
power after the resignation of Rep. Bob Livingston, R-La., who was poised to
succeed Newt Gingrich in the post but bowed out after revelations of
extramarital relations.

Hastert, then a deputy to Majority Whip Tom DeLay, R-Texas, was the consensus
candidate for Republicans who viewed DeLay's brand of conservative too
contentious for the speaker job. DeLay rallied behind Hastert, who  easily
ascended to the speakership.

A former teacher and wrestling coach, Hastert kept a low national profile and
was known for his quiet, plain-spoken manner.

His tenure was largely distinguished by the George W. Bush era, as he was a
close ally to both President Bush and Vice President Cheney in advancing a broad
range of legislation that included the post-9/11 USA Patriot Act, the No Child
Left Behind education law and the creation of the Medicare Part D entitlement
program.

The end of Hastert's speakership was fueled in part by the illegal and unethical
actions of a number of House Republicans that fed a "culture of corruption"
narrative Democrats used to win control in the 2006 midterms.

Republicans were dogged by corruption investigations into GOP Reps. Randy "Duke"
Cunningham of California and Bob Ney of Ohio, both convicted and imprisoned in
unrelated corruption schemes.

On Hastert's watch, a scandal involving Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fla., and his
inappropriate communication with underage U.S. House pages tainted his final
year on the job. The ethics committee in a final report harshly criticized
Hastert and his office for not intervening more aggressively on the Foley
matter.

The scandal helped bring about the end of the page program, reached by a joint
agreement in 2011 between House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, and Minority
Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 2, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. Looking Into Kentucky Corruption

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 183 words

DATELINE: FRANKFORT, Ky., April 1


Kentucky has become the latest of a series of states caught up in Federal
investigations of suspected Statehouse corruption.

The inquiry here became known Tuesday, when agents of the Federal Bureau of
Investgation swept through the State Capitol complex, interviewing legislators
and their aides and serving subpoenas for the pay, travel and campaign finance
records of at least 13 current and former lawmakers. The records are to be
delivered to a grand jury in Louisville.

The focus of the inquiry is not yet clear, and the F.B.I. declined to comment.
But people familiar with the case said that Federal agents were tying up loose
ends after a long undercover investigation of political corruption and that
action by the grand jury could be expected in less than a month.

Among those whose records have been subpoenaed are the State Senate's Democratic
leader, John Rose, the president pro tem; the Senate Republican leader, John
Rogers; three of the top Democratic leaders in the House, and the chairmen of
the Senate and House Business Organizations and Professions Committees.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday

Public officials face more felony fines

BYLINE: By Milan Simonich, Texas-New Mexico Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


SANTA FE - Public officials in New Mexico who commit a felony will have more to
lose starting Wednesday.

Those convicted in public corruption cases could be required to repay their
salaries and forfeit their accumulated state pension benefits.

A new state law gives judges the authority to increase the basic sentence by
adding those penalties.

Legislators approved the bill without any dissenting votes and Gov. Susana
Martinez signed it in February.

The corruption crackdown is one of 19 state laws that go into effect Wednesday.

Another of the new laws creates a fund to cover the costs of New Mexico's
medical marijuana program.

Companies licensed to provide cannabis for medical treatment pay the state fees
of $10,000 to $30,000 a year. Rather than that money going into the state's
general account, it will be maintained by the Department of Health to pay for
administration of the medical marijuana program.

"It means the few New Mexico taxpayers who objected to their money going toward
the medical marijuana program no longer have to worry," said the bill's sponsor,
Sen. Cisco McSorley, D-Albuquerque.

New Mexico has about 4,300 patients registered to use medical marijuana.

Also going on the books is a law to improve care for stroke patients, especially
residents of rural areas.

It authorizes the state Department of Health to certify any acute-care hospital
as a primary or comprehensive stroke center, provided that the hospital has been
accredited.

"The result will be more access to critical care," said one of the bill's
sponsors, Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City. He teamed up with Republican Rep.
Conrad James of Albuquerque to write the bill.

It allows the secretary of health to adopt rules to assist and encourage primary
stroke centers to enter into coordinated care agreements with other health-care
providers throughout the state.

This will be accomplished without any increase in the state's costs, Morales
said.

Other new laws include:

* Turning the K-3 Plus pilot project into a permanent program of the state
Public Education Department. The program adds a minimum of 25 instructional days
for disadvantaged students in grades kindergarten through 3.

Legislative analysts say third-graders who participated in K-3 Plus for at least
a year gained 7.5 points in reading, 43 points in writing and 12 points in math
compared to those who did not enter the program.

* Extending for five more years a tax break at New Mexico State University.

It is a deduction from the gross receipts tax for gate admissions at
non-athletic events. Legislators first granted the tax exception in 2007 because
administrators at NMSU said they were at a competitive disadvantage with the
University of Texas at El Paso in booking entertainment.

The new deduction on gross receipts taxes for NMSU lasts through June 30, 2017.
Rep. Mary Helen Garcia, D-Las Cruces, and Sen. Carlos Cisneros, D-Questa,
sponsored the bill.

* Increasing from two to four the number of hunting permits for bighorn rams
that will be raffled or sold through a lottery.

The stakes are high. A lottery for one bighorn hunting permit once brought the
state $190,000, according to the Department of Game and Fish.

Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington, sponsored the bill. Legislators estimate that
the bighorn permits and attendant federal matching funds will bring the state
about $800,000. All of the money will go back into programs to help the bighorn
sheep grow stronger in New Mexico. Bighorns were removed last year from the
state's endangered species list.

* Clarifying a tax break for a uranium enrichment plant near the southeastern
New Mexico town of Eunice. With this change, the plant's utility customers will
not be taxed if they sell a uranium compound before it is enriched.

Utility companies send uranium hexafluoride to the plant as part of a process
for producing nuclear power plant fuel.

* Elimination of the Office of Child Development in the Children, Youth and
Families Department.

* Making the New Mexico School for the Deaf and the New Mexico School for the
Blind and Visually Impaired eligible to seek money for certain capital projects.
Sen. Cynthia Nava, D-Las Cruces, sponsored the bill establishing this change.


Santa Fe Bureau Chief Milan Simonich can be reached at msimonich@tnmnp.com or
505-820-6898. His blog is at nmcapitolreport.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The result will be more access to critical care, Sen. Howie Morales,
D-Silver City, who is co-sponsoring a bill to improve care for stroke patients.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              May 17, 2011 Tuesday

New head of FBI in Minneapolis says cities face 'unique threat'

BYLINE: By Mara H. Gottfried mgottfried@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Minnesota-Twin Cities; Local

LENGTH: 726 words


The FBI's top priority is counterterrorism and the local office faces "a unique
threat," the new head of the Minneapolis division said Tuesday.

"We have a very large Somali population that has some very limited, but
nevertheless some involvement, with al-Shabaab and that is of concern to us,"
said Special Agent in Charge Donald Oswald. "We have some pending prosecutions
and we want to make sure that we don't get many more of those kind of cases."

The State Department says al-Shabaab - Arabic for "the youth" - is linked to
al-Qaida.

Oswald, who is in his third week on the job, is in charge of FBI operations in
Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota, where there are about 300 employees.

The 52-year-old sat down with the Pioneer Press on Tuesday for a short
interview. His answers are edited for space, and some were moved for thematic
purposes.

Q: What is your office's top law enforcement priority? How do you think
investigations into terrorism, public corruption, child pornography,
financial/white collar crimes fit into those priorities?

A: They're all important. Counterterrorism is our top priority, both from the
FBI perspective and from the division's perspective.

Public corruption is certainly a concern. We have an ongoing initiative to look
at public corruption here in Minnesota, and the big new focus is going to be on
Indian tribe public corruption as well.

Health care fraud is also an area that I intend to add resources to. My goal is
to double the number of resources that we have dedicated to health care fraud
over the foreseeable future.

Q: In the Twin Cities, 19 people have been indicted in an investigation into
whether young Somali men in this country had been recruited to return to their
homeland to fight for al-Shabaab, a group the State Department considers a
terrorist organization. Is there any evidence that the defendants planned to
commit any violent activity on U.S. soil?

A: I am not aware of any such threats, and if we had knowledge, I would
absolutely be aware.

Q: When you assess the local terrorism picture, are there other things you look
at, aside from al-Shabaab?

A: I think the biggest threat that the United States faces right now in the
counterterrorism realm is the lone wolf, the al-Qaida sympathizer that is out
there alone, that is in agreement with their ideology, that we don't necessarily
know about or that we know very little bit about. That is a great concern to us.
And with places like the Mall of America being so close, it is of paramount
concern to us.

Q: What are your hobbies?

A: I am a boater. Although I left a 30-foot boat out on the Chesapeake (Oswald's
last post was chief inspector of the FBI's Inspection Division in Washington,
D.C.), deciding whether or not to sell it or bring it out here, that is how I
spent most of my off-duty time, in the summers anyway.

Q: You were born in Brick Township, N.J. What do you think of some of the shows
that depict New Jersey, like the "Jersey Shore" and "The Sopranos"?

A: I actually think they do not depict the New Jersey that I am familiar with.
The Sopranos focuses on a very small organized-crime element up in north Jersey
and, I think, puts a negative spin on New Jersey. "Jersey Shore" - very
coincidentally, my first police department that I worked for, after the Air
Force, was the Seaside Heights (where the MTV show was first set) Police
Department. I worked one summer, as a summer cop there. On a weekend evening, it
can be as crazy as depicted on the TV show. But ironically, most of those people
are from New York and Long Island.

Q: Do you have any favorite FBI movies?

A: I don't know that I have any favorite movies. I remember growing up with "The
F.B.I." (a TV show that aired from 1965 to 1974) with Efrem Zimbalist Jr. and I
think that's probably what put the FBI bug in my mind, that I never grew out of.

Q: Are there other things you would want people to know about you or the FBI?

A: I think I'm fortunate to follow a strong special agent in charge that kept a
tight ship, and the great thing about my opportunity is that I'm not really
coming here to fix anything. (Former Special Agent in Charge Ralph Boelter
became deputy assistant director of the FBI's counterterrorism division). I'm
just coming here to keep things going and that's a tremendous, positive position
to be in.

Mara H. Gottfried can be reached at 651-228-5262.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The FBIs new Special Agent in Charge Donald E. Oswald during interview
in hif Minneapolis office Tuesday morning May 17, 2011. (Photo by John Doman)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 9, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

PARKING INQUIRY ASSIGNED IN '82, EX-OFFICIAL SAYS

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 872 words


Mayor Koch's first Investigation Commissioner said yesterday that in his final
weeks on the job in 1982, he assigned staff members to question a city official
who was warning of corruption at the Parking Violations Bureau.

''We got a piece of information that sounded like it was really worth looking
at,'' recalled the former Commissioner, Stanley Lupkin, ''and we took immediate
steps to get the source of that information in to talk to.''

But Mr. Lupkin left the Investigation Department soon afterward and said he had
no idea what happened to the information gathered by the staff.

That question may be answered today in a report on how the Department of
Investigation handled allegations of corruption at the Parking Violations Bureau
long before Federal prosecutors charged that a bribery ring had been operating
there for years. The report has been prepared by John S. Martin Jr., a former
United States Attorney.

Tape-Recorded Statements

Ever since the municipal corruption scandal began to emerge in January, a
central tenet of Mayor Koch's position has been that there was no way he could
have known about corruption at the parking bureau. ''The Mayor wants to find out
when he sees the Martin report why it was not brought to his attention,'' said a
City Hall spokesman, Tom Kelly. If anyone still in city government is to blame,
Mr. Kelly said, they ''will be fired.''

The New York Times reported Sunday that the parking bureau's former comptroller,
James Rose, had given detailed information to Koch administration officals in
1982 of possible corruption at the agency, four years before the Federal Bureau
of Investigation found evidence of such corruption independently.

The information was taken both in written complaints from Mr. Rose and in three
tape-recorded in-terviews, according to city officials. Two officials said
yesterday that the information had been improperly filed at the Department of
Investigation so that it did not turn up when later investigators sought to find
out what previous allegations had been made about the parking bureau.

But this still did not explain why the allegations were not pursued in 1982,
officials said.

Mayor Koch, who appoints the Commissioner of Investigation, said over the
weekend that ''decision makers'' at the Department of Investigation ''will have
to be held accountable'' if they failed to follow up the allegations.

Suspicions Reported

Mr. Lupkin had said last week that he did not recall Mr. Rose or his
allegations. But yesterday Mr. Lupkin said he had spoken with former aides and
refreshed his recollection.

He said that ''in the beginning of April'' 1982 he was called by a city
official, whom he declined to identify, and told that ''he knows a guy who knows
a guy named Rose who has some suspicions'' about a parking bureau contract for
collection of scofflaw parking tickets.

Mr. Lupkin said he assigned ''one of the most reliable people on my staff,''
Daniel Karson, to locate Mr. Rose and arrange to have him questioned. ''That
meeting took place on, literally, my last day, April 15, 1982,'' Mr. Lupkin
said. The questioning was conducted by a staff attorney, Mr. Lupkin said.

Mr. Lupkin said he understood that Mr. Rose was interviewed several more times,
but that he had ''absolutely no way of knowing'' what had happened to the
information.

Other officials have said that Mr. Rose described in great detail what he
believed were improper relationships between the top two people at the parking
bureau, Lester N. Shafran and Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, and a former
Transportation Administrator, Michael Lazar.

Mr. Lindenauer pleaded guilty earlier this year to bribe taking and is expected
to be the key government witness against Mr. Shafran and Mr. Lazar at a Federal
racketeering trial due to open Sept. 22. Both Mr. Shafran and Mr. Lazar have
entered innocent pleas.

'Never Mentioned to Me'

Mr. Lupkin was succeeded as Investigation Commissioner by Patrick W. McGinley, a
former criminal court judge.

Mr. McGinley said that he had never heard of Mr. Rose. ''It was never mentioned
to me,'' Mr. McGinley said yesterday. ''Whether it was just fumbeled along the
road, I don't know. It may be that there was some error here.''

Mr. Lupkin said he did not recall whether he had told Mr. McGinley of the
allegations during meetings they had to discuss their transition. But he said he
probably had not because questioning of Mr. Rose had just begun.

Mr. Karson, who now works for a private investigation firm, said he would not
comment until after the report is released today.

Mr. Lupkin said that there would have been no reason to tell Mayor Koch or
others at City Hall about Mr. Rose's allegations. ''That's not the kind of thing
you do before you've had a chance to debrief the source,'' Mr. Lupkin said. ''If
every time somebody made an allegation you went running off to the Mayor, I'd
literally be spending my time over at City Hall instead of running an agency.''

Mr. Koch has said he holds his commissioners responsible for actions within
their departments, but Mr. McGinley said he did not think the investigations
commissioner should be blamed if a deputy made a mistake in not pursuing a case
fully.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Abbott: Third World comments not directed at Rio Grande Valley

BYLINE: Elizabeth Findell, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 518 words


Feb. 11--Ire over Attorney General Greg Abbott's comparison of Rio Grande Valley
corruption to that of a Third World country spread westward Monday as leaders in
El Paso decried his comments and he responded that they didn't apply only to the
border.

As the candidate for governor addressed a crowd elsewhere in the city, state
Sen. Jose Rodriguez and state Rep. Mary Gonzalez, both El Paso Democrats, hosted
a teleconference critiquing him and other Republicans for what they called the
frequent targeting of predominantly Hispanic border cities.

"All we hear is negative commentary about Texas communities on the border,"
Rodriguez said. "The border is as secure as it has ever been."

Abbott's comments in question, made as part of a speech in Dallas unveiling a
$300 million plan to target security along the border, addressed recent
corruption scandals in the Cameron County judicial system and the Starr and
Hidalgo county sheriff's offices.

"This creeping corruption resembles Third World country practices that erode the
social fabric of our communities and destroys Texans trust and confidence in
government," he said.

The El Paso-area leaders echoed several of their Valley counterparts in taking
offense to the statement, saying Abbott wouldn't use the same language to
describe corruption elsewhere.

"When he's talking about people of color, he chooses to connect it to Third
World identities," Gonzalez said.

In a guest column published today in The Monitor, Abbott defended his statement,
but said it hadn't meant to single out the border.

"My comments about 'corruption resembling third world country practices' are as
true today as when I said them last week," he wrote. "My goal is to make them
untrue tomorrow. These comments were not directed at the Rio Grande Valley --
they apply wherever corruption is found."

Abbott pointed to problems the newspaper here has reported and said he would not
"cede ground" to those who abuse the system.

"Even The Monitor recently noted, 'the pall of corruption has dogged the Rio
Grande Valley and continues today" and "cases of public officials on the take
have spiked,'" he wrote.

The letter came in response to local political leaders, state Sen. Wendy Davis
and The Monitor's editorial board blasting Abbott, calling the "Third World"
language xenophobic and offensive.

Abbott is by no means alone in his sentiment. Of some 800 people who took an
online Monitor poll on the subject, nearly 85 percent agreed that his comparison
was on-par. Many readers echoed it on Facebook and in online comments.

But most border political leaders called it divisive rhetoric and continued to
call on the attorney general to retract what he said.

"(He's) promoting an understanding of hundreds of thousands of people that is
not accurate," Gonzalez said. "I think it's important for Greg Abbott to
apologize, because if you want to be the leader of a state as diverse as Texas,
you have to understand its complexities."

efindell@themonitor.com

___ (c)2014 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140211-MC-Abbott-Third-World-comments-not-directed-at-Rio-Grande-Valley-0211-2
0140211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2014 The Monitor


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Ledger Dispatch (California)

                    February 7, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

A NEW OUTBREAK OF CORRUPTION?

BYLINE: Dan Walters

SECTION: OPINION; Syndicated columnist; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 637 words


CALIFORNIA HAS been afflicted with many calamities, natural and man-made, with
the current utility crisis being only the latest.

There, however, is one ailment historically absent from California: widespread,
systemic governmental corruption. Early-20th-century reformers, Hiram Johnson
most notably, enacted a series of safeguards aimed at preventing the corruption
that was common in state and local governments at the time.

The reforms were not completely effective, especially at the state level. The
Legislature was infamously corrupt during the years just before and just after
World War II. And it's been scarcely a decade since the FBI ended an undercover
"sting" investigation of the Capitol with a series of indictments of
legislators, staffers and lobbyists.

As the century turns, unfortunately, California may be experiencing a rebirth of
corruption in local government. A few recent examples:

* Last summer, federal authorities wrapped up a 6 1/2-year-long investigation of
corruption in Fresno and adjacent Clovis, dubbed "Operation Rezone."

Former Fresno City Councilman (and former Assembly speaker) Brian Setencich was
the last of 16 local government officials and developers snared in what
authorities said were systematic payoffs for favorable land-use decisions.

The Fresno Bee concluded that "the arrests turned an entrenched political system
on its head. It exposed an underbelly where council members sold their votes or
friendship for as little as car repairs or a new suit."

* Last year, a corruption scandal enveloped San Bernardino County's government.

High-ranking county officials admitted to taking bribes to award garbage
disposal and bond contracts and eventually, County Supervisor Jerry Eaves (also
a former assemblyman) was charged with taking gifts, including lavish vacations,
from those seeking county business and then lying to a grand jury.

* Just weeks after the San Bernardino scandal erupted, Compton's city government
awarded a contract without competitive bidding for trash collection to a man who
had been involved in a previous bribery scandal involving both trash-hauling and
gambling casinos.

City officials rationalized that his past sins should not be a barrier to city
business.

* A few days ago, San Diego City Councilwoman Valerie Stallings resigned and
pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor charges, ending a long federal investigation
into city involvement in a new stadium for the Padres baseball team.

Stallings had been allowed to buy initial public offering stock in a software
company controlled by Padres owner John Moores, who was not charged.

* On the same day last week, former Temecula Mayor J. Sal Munoz pleaded guilty
to conflict-of-interest charges, and former Santa Ana Councilman Ted Moreno was
sentenced to a hefty stretch in federal prison on corruption charges, joining a
long string of Orange County local government officials who have done time.

* San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown's regime has been pockmarked by a series of
scandals; some have reached the prosecution stage and some are still under
investigation.

They commonly involve city contracts or development permits being given to those
with close personal and political connections to Brown, a former speaker of the
state Assembly.

Are these merely isolated incidents? Perhaps, but there's a common thread. Local
governments control huge amounts of money through the contracts they award, the
land-use decisions they make, or the subsidies they give developers.

After Proposition 13 eliminated their ability to raise or lower taxes, local
governments often dropped off the radar screens of local media and civic
organizations. And developers, labor unions and other narrow interest groups
filled the vacuum.

Dan Walters writes for the Sacramento Bee.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 1, 2010 Monday

US envoy urges Afghan government to fight corruption seriously - TV

LENGTH: 448 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 1 February

[Presenter] The head of the High Office for Overseeing Implementation of Anti-
Corruption Strategy says if the office's powers are increased and its capacity
improves, it will become able to implement the anti-corruption strategy. This
comes at a time when the US ambassador to Afghanistan, in an exclusive interview
with Tolo TV, voiced support for Afghanistan's programme, which the Afghan
government raised at the London Conference, while reiterating that the Afghan
government should fight administrative corruption seriously. Shogofa Sastgir has
more.

[Correspondent] While it is said that the implementation of the decisions and
schemes raised at the London Conference will be discussed at a conference in
Kabul, the US ambassador in Kabul asked the Afghan government to implement these
schemes and programmes.

[US ambassador to Afghanistan, Gen Karl Eikenberry, in English superimposed with
Dari] What we saw at the London Conference was unity between the Afghan
government and international community, including the USA. The USA supports this
scheme and the Afghan government lends all its efforts for reconciliation.

[Correspondent] Meanwhile, the High Office for Overseeing Implementation of
Anti-Corruption Strategy demands amendments to the anti-corruption law in order
to implement the antic-corruption scheme in the country.

[Head of the High Office for Overseeing Implementation of Anti-Corruption
Strategy, Mohammad Yasin Usmani] The law should be reviewed and probably some
items of the law will be amended. Reviewing this law and asking for amendments
on this law are not a difficult job. We give you and all the compatriots the
assurances that we will finalize this plan and present it to the relevant body
in a month.

[Correspondent] But a number of members of the Lower House of Parliament have
different opinions about the fight against administrative corruption.

[MP Ramazan Bashardost] I am absolutely sure that as long as Mr Karzai, his
deputies, ministers and advisors are active, not only corruption will not be
ended in Afghanistan but bloodshed, poverty and bulling activities will not be
ended in the country.

[Correspondent] Transferring responsibility for ensuring security to the Afghan
forces in the next five years, contribution of millions of dollars to help
restore peace and security in Afghanistan, holding talks with the government's
armed opponents, strengthening and increasing the number of the Afghan forces
and giving more powers to the Afghan government in terms of channelling fund in
civilian fields are the commitments of the London Conference.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 1 Feb 10

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  November 1, 1994, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

GAMBLING LEADS TO POLITICAL CORRUPTION; UNDERMINING OF DEMOCRATIC PROCESS
ALREADY UNDER WAY

BYLINE: Harold H. Hendrick

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 13B

LENGTH: 832 words

COMMENTARY COLUMN


It's sad. It's really sad. The speaker of the House of Representatives went to
jail for accepting bribes. Several members of the Legislature were indicted and
have confessed to their crimes, caught as a result of a long FBI investigation.
That is what's happening to our neighbors in Kentucky.

The Bowling Green, Ky., Daily News carried an AP article (Sept. 23, 1992) that
read: "Federal investigators have claimed their eighth successful catch in the
Boptrot (legalized gambling) net of Kentucky government corruption but still
indicate there is a long way to go. Buel Guy, the former chief aide to House
Speaker Don Blandford, pleaded guilty Tuesday to lying to federal investigators.
. . ."

Since then, the House speaker was caught and convicted.

It's the old, old story of more political corruption associated with legalized
gambling.   Because of it, confidence in Kentucky state government took a
nose-dive.

While that gambling political corruption had to do with horse racing, the former
U.S. attorney for the Eastern district of Missouri, Thomas E. Dittmeier, helps
us understand this ongoing political corruption problem with casino gambling. In
a Post-Dispatch article on May 6, 1990, he was quoted as saying:

"The political framework in which casinos operate provides a fertile ground for
public corruption. The governing authorities are charged with providing
regulations and control but are pressured to make accommodations to the casino
industry in order to obtain the desired tourist dollars and economic growth.
Casino profits are dependent on favorable legislation and licensing decisions
that can be influenced through 'complementaries' and bribes."

And so it is happening.

When in St. Louis recently, Attorney General Frank Kelly of Michigan was asked
about casino gambling's connection with political corruption. He said the
problem was awful and cited a dozen quick examples.

With more legalized gambling in Missouri, expect more political corruption.

It has already begun.

Post-Dispatch reporting has done a good job to warn us. Almost daily, for a
time, we would read of questionable and suspicious connections between St. Louis
and Missouri politicians and the developing casinos.

It was revealed, for example, that all four members of the St. Louis Election
Commission had personal family connections with the casinos. Had they not been
exposed - and only then did the governor pressure them to resign - they would
have been the official vote counters the night of April 5. With family financial
gains at stake, they would have been tempted to produce a win for casino
gambling. Post-Dispatch Columnist Bill McClellan recalled the
"rent-a-politician" scandals a decade or so ago that were associated with the
arrival of cable television. He said the current political scandals of
politicians connected with casinos is like the cable scandals . . . times 50.

And with the current method of registering new voters, further complicated by
pro-gambling people paying recruiters for each new voter they sign up, my
sources are urging us to watch for the probability of serious voter fraud.

The cloud over the speaker of the House, Bob Griffin, has left a lot of
Missourians convinced that major political corruption associated with gambling
is at our doorstep. Suspicions peaked in July when front-page stories throughout
the state reported Griffin's pressure on the Sahara Gaming Corp. to produce $ 16
million for the group he represented or face problems getting a license for its
casino. His threatening letter to Sahara, widely published, identified himself
as the "speaker."

And by the speaker's evidently suggesting that he can manipulate decisions of
the Missouri Gaming Commission, he has clouded the integrity of the commission.

But there is another kind of corruption that is alarming.

Just a few days after the April 5 gambling defeat, Griffin testified before the
House Ways and Means Committee in support of classifying gambling games like
video poker (electronic slot machines) and "craps" - rolling dice down a table -
as "games of skill." It was an obvious effort to give the casinos every possible
advantage.

The governor then teamed up with the speaker in this joke of a proposal. And he
signed the bill as "emergency" legislation, meaning that getting these "games of
skill" operational on the boats - 90 days sooner than otherwise would have
happened - was necessary to the welfare and well-being of the citizens of
Missouri.

This, too, is a corruption of the democratic process. The people voted one way
on April 5 - against gambling. The politicians voted another way - against the
people and with the big, mostly out-of-state, gambling money!

We can send a message on Nov. 8. We can say:

"No" to additional legalized gambling.

"No" to all kinds of political corruption.

"No" to out-of-state gambling money controlling the public policy of Missouri.

And we do that by voting no on Amendment 6.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 1, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Mr. Giuliani's Police Ploy

SECTION: Section A;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 367 words


The Giuliani administration has a well-developed knack for undermining
confidence in New York City's Police Department. First Mayor Giuliani said he
would ignore a new law, passed by the City Council, that established an
independent agency to monitor police corruption. Soon after, the administration
dismissed Walter S. Mack Jr., the department's top corruption official -- the
first civilian ever to head the post -- and replaced him with an insider. Then
Mr. Giuliani seized control of the Public Affairs Department, in a clear attempt
to manipulate the flow of police information.

As if all that weren't worrisome enough, Mr. Giuliani has now deepened public
distrust by naming his own panel to monitor corruption. It will be accountable
to him alone, and thus more susceptible to political pressure than the
independent corruption commission created by the Council. It will also be
significantly weaker than the independent commission.

The Mayor's commission is permitted to investigate only cases that are approved
by him and one of his appointees, the head of the City Department of
Investigation. It can issue subpoenas only with the permission of the mayor and
the Investigation Department. That greatly limits the panel's ability to probe
aggressively and independently. The close ties to City Hall may also increase
the likelihood that corrupt cops in the field get leaked warnings that
investigators are on to them. Even if Mr. Giuliani makes a conscientious effort
to root out corruption, it is a mistake to make the commission beholden only to
the mayor's office. History has shown that vigilance against corruption flags
from time to time; an independent look might better sustain the pressure.

The independent agency created by the City Council is clearly the preferable
one. It not only has stronger investigative and subpoena powers, it also has
broader accountability -- to both the mayor and the Council. The Mayor claims
the Council lacks the authority to establish such a commission. That claim seems
dubious. But legal issues aside, there seems little doubt that the Council's
approach would give the public greater assurance that police corruption is under
control.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 24, 2010 Sunday

Richard Alderman, Director of the United Kingdom's Serious Fraud Office (SFO)
Discusses new U.K. Bribery Act at PwC Sponsored Forum in D.C.

LENGTH: 440  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 24 -- PwC US continues to demonstrate the firm's ongoing
commitment to anti-bribery and anti-corruption initiatives by sponsoring a
conversation with Richard Alderman, Director of the United Kingdom's Serious
Fraud Office (SFO) on the issues of global fraud and corruption. Transparency
International USA (TI), working with PwC, arranged to have Mr. Alderman speak to
senior compliance and anti-corruption professionals at an event today in
Washington, DC.

The panel discussion moderated by Mark Mendelsohn, formerly of the Department of
Justice, focused primarily on the U.K.'s new Bribery Act, expected to be
implemented in April 2011. Analogous to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(FCPA), the new Bribery Act will fall within the SFO's enforcement authority.

The U.K. Bribery Act comes after years of effort to update and strengthen the
U.K.'s anti-bribery laws. The Act will become effective after the U.K. Ministry
of Justice issues guidance about how the U.K. government will define and
interpret the "adequate procedures" that the Act will deem necessary to provide
a defense against liability for failure to prevent foreign bribery.

This PwC-sponsored TI event is an opportunity for a select group of anti-
corruption professionals to engage in an in-depth discussion with the U.K.'s
anti-corruption official responsible for ultimately enforcing the Act. The SFO
is the U.K.'s agency for investigating and prosecuting cases of overseas
corruption.

"PwC is a leader in providing organizations and governments with robust and
state-of-the-art anti-corruption solutions. We strongly encourage all companies
to understand the new U.K. Bribery Act and how it differs from the FCPA," said
David Jansen, anti-corruption specialist and partner in PwC's Anti-corruption
practice. "This conversation is an excellent opportunity for key members of the
anti-corruption community, in industry and the law, to hear directly from Mr.
Alderman about the Act and the importance of designing and maintaining adequate
internal anti-corruption compliance policies, procedures and controls."

Richard Alderman commented that he was pleased to see "...strong commitment by
corporates to a serious anti-corruption culture." When asked a question about
similarities and differences between the U.S. FCPA and the new U.K. Bribery Act,
Alderman cautioned that "...being compliant with the FCPA does not equal
compliance under the U.K. Bribery Act. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           October 23, 2010 Saturday

Richard Alderman, Director of the United Kingdom's Serious Fraud Office (SFO)
Discusses new U.K. Bribery Act at PwC Sponsored Forum in D.C.

LENGTH: 440  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 23 -- PwC US continues to demonstrate the firm's ongoing
commitment to anti-bribery and anti-corruption initiatives by sponsoring a
conversation with Richard Alderman, Director of the United Kingdom's Serious
Fraud Office (SFO) on the issues of global fraud and corruption. Transparency
International USA (TI), working with PwC, arranged to have Mr. Alderman speak to
senior compliance and anti-corruption professionals at an event today in
Washington, DC.

The panel discussion moderated by Mark Mendelsohn, formerly of the Department of
Justice, focused primarily on the U.K.'s new Bribery Act, expected to be
implemented in April 2011. Analogous to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(FCPA), the new Bribery Act will fall within the SFO's enforcement authority.

The U.K. Bribery Act comes after years of effort to update and strengthen the
U.K.'s anti-bribery laws. The Act will become effective after the U.K. Ministry
of Justice issues guidance about how the U.K. government will define and
interpret the "adequate procedures" that the Act will deem necessary to provide
a defense against liability for failure to prevent foreign bribery.

This PwC-sponsored TI event is an opportunity for a select group of anti-
corruption professionals to engage in an in-depth discussion with the U.K.'s
anti-corruption official responsible for ultimately enforcing the Act. The SFO
is the U.K.'s agency for investigating and prosecuting cases of overseas
corruption.

"PwC is a leader in providing organizations and governments with robust and
state-of-the-art anti-corruption solutions. We strongly encourage all companies
to understand the new U.K. Bribery Act and how it differs from the FCPA," said
David Jansen, anti-corruption specialist and partner in PwC's Anti-corruption
practice. "This conversation is an excellent opportunity for key members of the
anti-corruption community, in industry and the law, to hear directly from Mr.
Alderman about the Act and the importance of designing and maintaining adequate
internal anti-corruption compliance policies, procedures and controls."

Richard Alderman commented that he was pleased to see "...strong commitment by
corporates to a serious anti-corruption culture." When asked a question about
similarities and differences between the U.S. FCPA and the new U.K. Bribery Act,
Alderman cautioned that "...being compliant with the FCPA does not equal
compliance under the U.K. Bribery Act." Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 5, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

School Corruption Case

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 35 words


6 Held in School Corruption
Six current and former officials of the New York City Board of Education have
been charged with bribery and other offenses in the purchase of school supplies.
Article, page B7.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Summary

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Politicians, rabbis among those arrested by FBI in New Jersey corruption case;
Human organ sales, money laundering alleged

BYLINE: Edith Honan, Reuters

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were arrested
Thursday in a sweeping probe that uncovered political corruption, human organ
sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials said.

The 10-year investigation exposed influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a
network of public officials and a separate multimillion-dollar money-laundering
ring that funneled funds through charities operated by local rabbis, said the
U.S. Attorney's office in Newark.

The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken Mayor Peter Cammarano, who took
office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across the Hudson River
from New York.

Others accused were mayors of nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state assemblymen,
a deputy mayor, city council members, housing, planning and zoning officials,
building inspectors and political candidates.

Federal prosecutors, who described the alleged money-laundering as "high
volume," said several rabbis from affluent Syrian Jewish enclaves in New York
and New Jersey were among those detained.

"New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if not the worst, in the
nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge of the FBI's white
collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who has worked on the
investigation since it began in July 1999.

"It has become ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling
corruption "a cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.

The public officials stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help
getting permits and projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to
the witness.

In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV series The Sopranos, about
New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners, parking lots, even bathrooms,
officials said.

"The politicians willingly put themselves up for sale," said Acting U.S.
Attorney Ralph Marra.

The public corruption uncovered by the informant led him to the separate
money-laundering network by rabbis who operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New
Jersey, and Israel, authorities said. They laundered some $3 million for the
undercover witness between June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.

"These complaints paint a disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money
laundering crews acting as crime bosses," Marra said. "They used purported
charities, entities supposed set up to do good works, as vehicles for laundering
millions of dollars in illicit funds."

The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is accused of
conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant. According to
the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys for 10
years.

"His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a kidney for $10,000
which he would turn around and sell for $160,000," said Marra.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Two Former Vice Presidents at Bristol Virginia Utilities Authority
Plead Guilty

LENGTH: 885  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

ABINGDON, VA--During separate hearings today in the United States District Court
for the Western District of Virginia in Abingdon, two former Vice Presidents of
Field Operations for the Bristol Virginia Utilities Authority pled guilty to
federal conspiracy charges related to their individual receipt of kickbacks.

Robert James Kelley, Jr., 61, of Lexington, Va., waived his right to be indicted
and pled guilty today to a one-count Information charging him with a
multi-object conspiracy to commit mail fraud, money laundering and to the
defraud the United States.

In a separate hearing today, David Copeland, 44, of Bristol, Va., also waived
his right to be indicted and pled guilty to a one-count Information charging him
with a multi-object conspiracy to commit wire fraud and money laundering.

"The investigation and prosecution of public corruption on all levels continues
to be one of our top priorities," Acting United States Attorney Anthony P.
Giorno said today. "In addition to the economic consequences, kickback schemes
such as the one carried out by Mr. Kelley and Mr. Copeland compromise the
public's trust in the individuals and companies that are supposed to be serving
the best interests of their customers and the taxpayers."

"Public corruption is the FBI's top criminal investigative priority. Corruption
in the governmental contracting process deprives taxpayers of the essential
services they are owed by their government and shakes their faith in the
system," said Adam S. Lee, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Richmond
Division. "The conspiracy between Mr. Kelly and Mr. Copeland caused harm, not
simply by stealing taxpayer money through illegal kickbacks; their scheme caused
harm to the community by subverting a process it should be able to rely upon to
serve its members."

"Kelley's and Copeland's conduct in this fraud scheme is egregious, not just
because of the dollars involved but because of their abuse of power. By
exploiting their positions, they were able to line their pockets using fraud and
deceit," said Thomas J. Kelly, Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal
Investigation, Washington D.C. Field Office. "The message to lawbreakers should
be clear, we will continue to aggressively investigate crimes involving
financial fraud and in particular fraud that erodes the public's confidence."

According to information presented at today's guilty plea hearings by Assistant
United States Attorney Zachary Lee, Kelley Jr. was the Vice President of Field
Operations for the Bristol Virginia Utilities Authority [BVU] from January
2006-February 2009. During his tenure, Kelley Jr. was responsible for approving
billing invoices submitted to the utility authority, including invoices provided
by Company #1, which performed contract work for BVU.

Kelley Jr. admitted today that between January 2006 and February 2009 he
approved false invoices submitted by Company #1 for work not actually completed.
These false invoices resulted in at least $330,510 in fraudulent billing by
Company #1 to the BVU. Kelley Jr. approved these invoices knowing they contained
false information. In addition, Kelley Jr. also prepared false invoices that he
sent to Company #1 that falsely claimed he had done consulting work for Company
#1 through his own RJK Consulting business. Kelley admitted today that he took
these actions because he was paid at least $160,000 in kickbacks as proceeds
from the fraudulent billings by Company #1. Additionally, he failed to report
his $160,000 kickback income on his 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009 tax returns.

During a separate hearing, David Copeland, who was the Vice President of Field
Operations for BVU from March 2009-February 26, 2015, admitted that on or about
and between January 1, 2010 and December 31, 2013, Company #1 submitted false
invoices to Copeland for work not actually completed by Company #1 on behalf of
BVU pursuant to a Virginia Tobacco Commission grant provided to the utilities
authority. These false invoices reflected fraudulent amounts of rock drilling
adder relating to the boring through of rock in order to lay fiber optic cable.
These false invoices resulted in at least $143,000 in fraudulent billing by
Company #1 to BVU. After receiving payment from BVU, Company #1 conducted
financial transactions to convert portions of the funds it received from BVU as
a result of the fraudulent billings to cash in order to disguise its origins. In
this case, $40,000, was then paid to Copeland.

At sentencing, each defendant faces a maximum possible penalty of five years in
prison and/or a fine of up to $250,000. In addition, Kelley, Jr. has agreed to
pay a forfeiture money judgment in the amount of $165,000, and also has agreed
to pay restitution in the amount of $330,510. Copeland has also agreed to pay a
forfeiture money judgment in the amount of $50,000, and has agreed to pay
restitution in an amount of at least $144,000.

The investigation of the case was conducted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation.
Assistant United States Attorney Zachary Lee will prosecute the case for the
United States.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      News-Topic (Lenoir, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday

EDITORIAL: N.C. better than most but still faces corruption

BYLINE: News-Topic, Lenoir, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 574 words


Jan. 25--LENOIR -- How corrupt do you think government in North Carolina is?

A recent, quick analysis offers some hope but also some concern on that
question.

After the federal indictment last week of the New York Assembly speaker --
roughly the equivalent of the speaker of the N.C. House of Representatives,
except more powerful -- the data-based journalism website FiveThirtyEight.com
came up with several ways of ranking states for corruption.

Overall, North Carolina came out as what you might call below average in
corruption -- or above average in honesty among politicians, however you want to
look at it.

One of the measures the website used was federal corruption convictions per
capita, and North Carolina ranked 41st, putting us in the top 10 states for
politicians avoiding prison.

But as reporter Harry Enten notes, "This way of measuring corruption also has
problems. Remember, these are only federal crimes. Plenty of corruption falls
outside the purview of U.S. authorities. Some acts are technically legal but
clearly unethical. We don't know how many corrupt officials are never caught."

So the site also polled political reporters in each state to ask what they
thought about the political system there -- how much are politicians unethically
doing favors for friends or donors, how much is the system being bent in
violation of either the spirit or even the letter of the law?

But North Carolina still did better than most by that measure, ranking 28th,
although no one probably aims to rank pretty much right in the middle for
corruption.

FiveThirtyEight also then looked at how lax the anti-corruption laws in each
state were.

North Carolina again did better than average, ranking as 31st-most lax, or 20th
most-stringent.

But after reading that last category and then looking again at the chart
overall, it's hard not to notice the state ranked as having the very best anti-
corruption laws in the land.

New Jersey.

Yes, New Jersey, perennial corruption punch line and setting for innumerable
movies and TV shows about organized crime. New Jersey, which ranks 17th for most
federal corruption convictions per capita and third for reporters' perceptions
of the level of overall corruption.

In fact, look at the chart and you start noticing that's true of many of the
states with the toughest laws.

Mississippi: sixth-toughest laws, second-highest number of corruption
convictions and seventh-worst perception of corruption.

Kentucky: 18th-best laws, ninth-highest corruption convictions, worst overall
perception of corruption.

Illinois: 11th-best laws, sixth-highest convictions, second-highest perception
of corruption.

You start to wonder whether anti-corruption laws get passed primarily in
response to a deep-seated culture of corruption, but that kind of thing proves
tough to root out. Once an abuse is exposed, a law is passed that is supposed to
address it, but of course like poison ivy the culture finds another path to its
goal, which eventually leads to another scandal and another law, and so on.

It's also hard not to notice the rankings for Georgia, the state that lately
seems to be in the most direct economic competition with North Carolina:
25th-highest convictions, eighth-worst perception of corruption, and worst
overall anti-corruption laws.

Make of that what you will.

___ (c)2015 the News-Topic (Lenoir, N.C.) Visit the News-Topic (Lenoir, N.C.) at
http://www.newstopic.net/ Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150125-QL-EDITORIAL-N-C-better-than-most-but-still-faces-corruption
-0125-20150125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QL


                           Copyright 2015 News-Topic


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Hawaii: Kiribati Parliamentarians Move To Stamp Out Corruption

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The chairperson of a new anti-corruption organisation for politicians in
Kiribati says MPs are determined to rid their country of the problem.

Mareko Tofinga, who is the MP for South Tarawa, says more than half of
Kiribati's 46 MPs have formed the first Pacific Island country chapter of the
Global Organisation of Parliamentarians Against Corruption or GOPAC.

He says the level of corruption in Kiribati is unknown but it is certainly
evident in government departments and MPs showed at last month's meeting they
will no longer tolerate it.

"People were really arguing against that anybody who was involved in corruption
should be removed, even if they are ministers. And that is what is happening
now, it's a very good sign."

Mareko Tofinga says Kiribati is still preparing to sign the United Nations
Convention against Corruption and having its own GOPAC chapter will speed up the
process.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                                 April 05, 2015

Buhari in the Eye of International Community

BYLINE: Funmi Falobi

LENGTH: 753 words

DATELINE: Lagos


Finally, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (rtd) of the All Progressives Congress
(APC) was on Saturday March 28 elected the President of the Federal Republic of
Nigeria, defeating the incumbent, President Goodluck Jonathan of the ruling
Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in what is considered as Nigeria's most keenly
contested Presidential elections.

Although this feat was achieved by Buhari after three failed attempts in the
past, accolades have been pouring in to congratulate him on his electoral
victory.

In spite of the attribution of violence to him after the 2011 presidential
election, Buhari is widely viewed as having a record of intolerance for
corruption. His stance against indiscipline when he was Nigeria's military head
of state from 1983 to 1985 remains his strongest point. Though, he was viewed by
some as a religious extremist and a supporter of Sharia law in northern Nigeria,
the international community may have preferred him above Jonathan based on his
undaunted anti-corruption disposition.

It is generally perceived that Nigeria has not fared well in its anti-corruption
fight under the Jonathan administration. The country ranks 136th out of 174
nations on Transparency International's index of perceived corrupt nations. So
to the international community, a candidate like Buhari that is seen to have the
capability in fighting corruption will help the country to forge ahead.

"If he's in office, he will have a strong anti-corruption initiative. It was the
main thing he did as a military ruler," said Darren Kew, an associate professor
of conflict resolution at the University of Massachusetts Boston and the
executive director of the Center for Peace, Democracy and Development.

Meanwhile, as the nation has successfully conducted the presidential election
devoid of violence, and particularly on the statesmanly role of President
Jonathan in conceding defeat and congratulating Buhari as President-elect, the
international community seemed impressed by the conduct of a violence free
election.

Now that Buhari has emerged victorious, the international community would be
more interested in how he governs the country.

"There's now going to be immense expectation placed on Buhari," said Richard
Downie, deputy director and fellow of the Africa programme at the Center for
Strategic and International Studies. "He has a reputation as a very straight
shooter, someone who's very tough on corruption."

Reacting to the outcome of the election, President of the United States of
America (USA), Barrack Obama, said, "I commend President Goodluck Jonathan and
President-Elect Muhammadu Buhari for their public commitments to non-violence
throughout the campaign. President Jonathan has placed his country's interests
first by conceding the election and congratulating President-Elect Buhari on his
victory.

He therefore urged the president-elect Buhari and President Jonathan to repeat
their calls to their supporters to continue to respect the election outcomes,
focus on unifying the country, and together lead Nigeria through a peaceful
transition.

In their separate messages, Prime Minister of United Kingdom, Tony Blair,
President Francois Hollande of France, President Hassan Sheikh Mohamoud of
Somalia, Rwandan President Paul Kagame and Prime Minister of Niger, Mahamadou
Issoufou congratulated Buhari on his victory and Nigerians for conducting a
credible election that would ensure a peaceful transfer of power from one
elected administration to another.

Among those who visited to felicitate with Buhari in Abuja during the week were
the US Assistant Secretary of state for African Affairs, Linda Thomas-
Greenfield and the US Ambassador to Nigeria, Ambassador James Entwistle, among
others. They all pledged their support and commitment to ensuring the success of
the Buhari administration and for better relations between their countries and
Nigeria.

However, Human Rights Watch called on the President-elect to respect the rights
of Nigerians in tackling the challenges facing the nation.

No doubt, the manifestation of these expectations shall be of great interest to
the international community. Time and the days into a Buhari-led government
shall tell.

In his response to the various leaders, Buhari thanked the international
community for working with Nigerians in providing the atmosphere that helped to
bring about change through elections in the country. He promised to work with
the international community to restore Nigeria's full commitment and obligations
to the international system.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 11, 2009 Friday

Pakistan: Rampant corruption threatens US: FBI

LENGTH: 641  words

DATELINE: BOCA RATON, Fla


BOCA RATON, Fla, Dec. 11 -- Corruption, whether in the form of crooked
officials, financial fraudsters or even philandering sports stars, is tearing at
the fabric of US society and is the country's No. 1 criminal threat, a senior
FBI agent said on Tuesday.Addressing businessmen in Florida, where financial
fraud cases jumped by 42 percent in the last year, FBI Miami Division Special
Agent in Charge John Gillies said failures in personal ethics and integrity
sowed the initial poisonous seeds of corruption in a society.Gillies said
transgressions by high-profile public servants and even perceived social role
models, like top golfer Tiger Woods, currently embroiled in allegations that he
had extramarital affairs, sent the signal to young Americans that cheating and
stealing were acceptable."Where do our children learn this? They see us, their
elected officials, their sports stars, they see how they act and they figure,
'well it's OK,'" he said, citing the case of Woods, whose early morning car
accident in Florida last month triggered a storm of media questioning of his
clean-living reputation."Money can't buy everything," Gillies said in a speech
to the West Boca Chamber of Commerce in Boca Raton, Florida. The special agent,
who manages high-profile cases in Florida, the Caribbean and Latin America, in
no way suggested Woods had committed any criminal offences.Florida police issued
Woods a ticket for careless driving last week and said no criminal charges would
be filed.

He quickly paid the $164 fine, his lawyer said. Police also said no allegations
of domestic violence were levelled.Gillies, a 27-year veteran of the FBI, called
corruption in all its multiple forms, whether in law enforcement or in the
judicial system, or involving tax cheats and fraudsters, "our number one
criminal threat" in the United States."It really gets at the soul and fabric of
the United States when people are out there corrupting ... it all starts with
simple ethics violations," Gillies said. He said public corruption
investigations by the FBI were "huge" and had increased by more than 20 percent
in the last five years, while financial scams - from securities and hedge fund
frauds to Ponzi schemes - had jumped by more than 25 percent nationwide in the
last year alone.These cases involved hundreds of millions and even billions of
dollars. Florida in particular has been rocked by a number of high-profile Ponzi
schemes this year, including fallout from the cases surrounding convicted Wall
Street swindler Bernard Madoff and accused Texas financier Allen
Stanford.Gillies' FBI team last week arrested a flamboyant Fort Lauderdale
attorney, Scott Rothstein, and charged him with bilking investors out of $1.2
billion in a Ponzi scheme that funded his luxury lifestyle and political
largess. Rothstein, now disbarred, has pleaded not guilty.Asked why the
"Sunshine State" of Florida appeared to be so increasingly prone to financial
scams, Gillies told Reuters the concentration of money in the wealthy Southeast
state was "the number one" factor. He said a high concentration of out-of-state
Americans and foreigners was also a factor.In his speech, Gillies also cited the
economic recession as a contributing feature, as many victims were - often
blindly, often out of greed - seeking to improve returns on money and
investments in hard financial times.He said offers of 15, 20, 25 percent returns
in a recession should be an automatic "red flag" of possible fraud. For those
frustrated by diminished earnings eroded by the crisis the FBI veteran offered
the following caveat against temptation: "The worst day at work is still better
than the best day in jail." Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 7, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

JUSTICE, SOCIAL AND CRIMINAL;
A Boston Broom

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 250 words


We hope that William French Smith, the Attorney General-designate, has been
paying attention to the news of corruption in state and local government in
Massachusetts.

''Staggering'' is the way a special Massachusetts investigating committee
describes the cost, referring only to the dollar loss: over 12 years, inflated
charges and corrective work amounted to $6,900 for every resident of the state.
The cost to public trust can be gauged by the fund-raising method of three
recent Governors, from both parties. People doing business with the state would
accept an invitation to meet individually with the Governor only to discover a
crowd of others. ''The innocent feel a flush of price,'' the commission said.
''The practiced feel for their pocketbook.''

Bad as the corruption may be, why should Mr. Smith feel any duty to listen?
Because the Reagan administration, even if it has no responsibility, has a
powerful opportunity. When public corruption is so pervasive, only rarely can
local law enforcement sweep clean. An independent broom is needed - and there
can be no more ef-fective one than a strong United States Attorney. Consider the
superb Federal prosecuting job done in northern New Jersey in the last decade by
Frederick Lacey, Herbert Stern and Jonathan Goldstein, all appointed by
Republican administrations. Will this administration do as well in Boston?

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: editorial

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 26, 2012 Sunday

Scandals give area black eye: Officials face uphill battle to restore trust

BYLINE: Marty Schladen and Chris Roberts, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1599 words


Feb. 26--Scandals continue to rock the El Paso area, and experts say they are
creating a sense of hope and hopelessness.

The arrest Wednesday of County Commissioner Willie Gandara Jr., along with the
torrent of leaders implicated in the FBI's public-corruption investigation and
questionable activities at the El Paso Police Department and in local
communities, is hammering at the mindset of residents, said experts and local
elected officials.

Gandara's arrest on drug charges was a surprise to many.

It comes after the convictions of two former county judges, the indictment of a
third and a growing public-corruption investigation that has produced 40 arrests
or indictments.

--View list of people named in the FBI's public corruption case

Experts with significant experience with government corruption said it's
important to maintain hope -- and to have a long-term plan to bring about
meaningful reform.

The area also has been hit with other troubles:

-- Five former El Paso police officers -- the most recent on Feb. 16 -- have
been indicted after an investigation into irregularities in overtime pay linked
to grant-funded traffic enforcement. They are accused of falsifying records to
collect money from a state grant.

-- On Feb. 13, the Texas Rangers and the FBI searched the home of longtime
Anthony (Texas) Mayor Art Franco. News reports have said that the law
enforcement agencies suspect misappropriation of funds, but Franco has denied
that.

-- Fernando Rodriguez, director of UTEP's Criminal Justice Program, was placed
on paid administrative leave earlier this month as administrators investigate
whether to try to discipline him for not following university policies.
Rodriguez failed to report years of outside work -- including his pivotal role
in a contract that is at the heart of the latest developments in El Paso's
public-corruption investigation.

-- In Sunland Park, the mayor pro tem and the city manager were arrested
Saturday on extortion charges in a political race.

"Right now, it seems like a never-ending stream," Mayor John Cook said. "You
ask, 'Who's next?' "

All the news of arrests and indictments is affecting people differently, he
said.

"Some say the system works because we're catching people," Cook said. "The ones
I worry about are painting this with a broad brush."

Chicago residents know well what it's like to see the officials they elected
frog-marched off to jail.

Since 1976, a third of the city's aldermen have been convicted of corruption,
according to a report released Feb. 15 by researchers at the University of
Illinois at Chicago.

Four of Illinois' seven governors since 1970 also have been convicted --
including Rod Blagojevich, who tried to sell President Barack Obama's vacated
U.S. Senate seat. In all, Illinois has seen 1,828 people convicted on public-
corruption charges since 1976, the report said.

All that law enforcement has failed to bring about lasting change, said Dick
Simpson, a former Chicago alderman who now heads the political science
department and was the lead author of the University of Illinois at Chicago
report.

"Individual corruption convictions do not cure corruption; they almost never
have," Simpson said on Thursday. "We have a 150-year history of it here."

The democratic process is weakened when public trust is damaged, experts said. A
lack of trust creates a dangerous void, they said, which can lead to a downward
spiral.

Honest people not involved in illegal schemes tend to stop participating,
whether that means deciding against a run for office or not to vote, said Bruce
A. Huhmann, chairman of New Mexico State University's Daniels Fund Ethics
Initiative. And lack of participation makes it easier for people with selfish
agendas to gain positions of political power, he said.

"That trust takes a long time to build, and it's easy to destroy," Huhmann said.
"It harms the government's ability to do its job."

Corruption also damages the public psyche, said Mario Rivera, University of New
Mexico Regents' Professor of public administration.

Trust is higher in cultures with economic equality, he said, where parents feel
their children will be able to do better than they did.

More people volunteer, and honest people run for office, he said.

"They see a shared fate for everyone," he said. "(Corruption) undercuts that in
very vicious ways. Only people who are connected or wired are going to do well.
... And there's a sense that the wealthy have gotten wealthy from unfair
advantage."

And corruption has its own culture, Rivera said.

"People have a higher or exclusive loyalty to some sort of in-group," Rivera
said. "And their criteria for serving some people over others is loyalty."

Historic examples of such groups, he said, include the political machines in
Chicago and Louisiana, and the patronage system in New Mexico.

Cook said he believes that in El Paso, the cases that have attracted the
attention of law enforcement in recent years used to represent the normal way
business was done by many elected officials.

He said a "new breed" of officials, such as he and city Reps. Susie Byrd and
Steve Ortega have helped combat corruption. Indictments and convictions have
also sent a message to elected officials who might be considering some crooked
act in exchange for sums of money that often are shockingly small, Cook said.

"Not only is it going to cost you money, it's going to cost you your reputation
and in some cases your family," Cook said.

But more is needed, said Simpson of the University of Illinois at Chicago. At
the heart of any solution is a commitment to a broad plan that spans decades.

"It can be done, but it isn't easy or simple," he said.

Simpson has proposed a series of reforms for Chicago government, such as
applying the city's ethics ordinance to aldermen and their staffs and giving the
inspector general access to all city records, including those held in secret by
the corporation counsel -- the Illinois name for a city attorney.

Huhmann, of New Mexico State, said reforms in his state are well under way.

"In New Mexico, there are a lot of people now trying to turn the system around,"
Huhmann said. "The state has passed a law that all public employees have to have
some ethics training each year."

NMSU is creating an ethics training program for state employees, Huhmann said.
And New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez's political appointees also have received
ethics training, he said.

"I think the culture in New Mexico is starting to turn around," Huhmann said.
"It's amazing how much you can get done when you have public trust."

But restoring honesty in government will add another burden for taxpayers.

"If you have to be worried about your public officials, you have to put in
checks and balances," Huhmann said. "If you change the rules and add extra
layers of security and all, those things are going to cost money."

Audits can ensure that public money is not stolen, the experts said. Procurement
reform, including the process initiated by the El Paso County Commissioners
Court to choose a new financial adviser, add time and can require additional
resources.

"It does cost money, but we have to know that they're (elected officials) taking
steps to show the county commission is honest," Huhmann said. "People need to
feel that, 'We've uncovered all the wrongdoings. Everybody who's bad is now out
and now we're going to start fresh.'"

In addition to changing the way financial advisers are chosen, El Paso County
Judge Veronica Escobar has championed other reforms, including a beefed-up
county ethics ordinance and more transparent procurement procedures.

But more fundamental things are needed, she said, listing among them an
aggressive, responsible news media, ethical, aggressive law enforcement and an
active, engaged citizenry.

Escobar said she is working to attract honest, talented candidates to run for
office in the next election cycle instead of allowing so many incumbents to run
unopposed. "I still am optimistic," Escobar said.

Just feet from El Paso, Juarez residents probably have more reason for pessimism
than in any city in the United States.

"The government here never did the right thing," said Hernan Ortiz, a professor
at Universidad Autonoma de Ciudad Juarez.

He described a society in which black-market vendors bribe officials to avoid
paying taxes, depriving the public of much-needed revenue for such purposes as
an effective mass-transit system.

"Everyone knows about it," Ortiz said.

Likening the ruling class in Juarez to a royal court of the Middle Ages, Ortiz
said the city sets aside $700,000 a year for college scholarships, while it is
spending $2.3 million on a metal sculpture for the Chamizal park that is of
dubious artistic value and is taking an inordinately long time to complete.

"It's a red X like you got something bad on your exam," Ortiz said.

Though Juarez lacks a tradition of an honest government and shows scant evidence
of one now, Ortiz hasn't given up the most basic element of reform -- hope.

"It's not the government that makes things happen in Ciudad Juarez, it's the
people," Ortiz said. "I think people have hope in people."

Cook holds similar hopes for the people of El Paso. "The everyday person needs
to get involved in what their officials are doing," the mayor said. "Hold them
to task. There are honest people out there and dishonest people out there."

Marty Schladen may be reached at mschladen@elpasotimes.com; 546-6127.

Chris Roberts may be reached at chrisr@elpasotimes.com; 546-6136.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120226-EY-Scandals-give-area-black-eye-Officials-face-uphill-battle-to-restore
-trust-0226-20120226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Matemu, deputy fight bid to kick them out

BYLINE: PETER LEFTIE -1

LENGTH: 571  words


The Nation learnt that Prof Onsongo was also promised a job as Kenya's deputy
ambassador to the USA, based in Washington DC.

Intrigues at the Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission took a new twist, with a
revelation that powerful forces around the presidency want Chairman Mumo Matemu
and his deputy, Ms Irene Keino to resign.
Ms Keino on Wednesday revealed how she and former EACC Commissioner Jane Onsongo
were summoned to a meeting by Solicitor-General Njee Muturi, President Uhuru
Kenyatta's advisor on constitutional matters Abdikadir Mohammed and the chairman
of the Parliamentary Committee on Justice and Legal Affairs, Mr Samuel
Chepkong'a and asked to quit.


In turn, the two were promised ambassadorial positions as a safe landing from
the commission, which now has the onerous task of investigating 175 public
officers over corruption allegations.
"Soon after, on  31st of March 2015, I received a call at around 11.30 am for a
meeting. I asked about the agenda of the meeting and was told that Prof Onsongo
had agreed to resign. I was also requested to resign and be given a new job as
deputy ambassador to Brazil, which I flatly declined," Ms Keino told a press
conference at Integrity Centre, flanked by Mr Matemu and EACC Chief Executive
Officer Halakhe Waqo.
The Nation learnt that Prof Onsongo was also promised a job as Kenya's deputy
ambassador to the USA, based in Washington DC.
Prof Onsongo initially declined the offer but later changed her mind and
announced her resignation late Wednesday.
Mr Matemu, was, however, not invited to the meeting. Sources close to Ms Keino
said it was not the first time she had been asked to resign.
Contacted, Mr Mohammed refused to confirm or deny attending the meeting, but
dismissed the claims by Ms Keino, declaring that he did not wish to be drawn
into EACC's internal politics.
He said it was not his business to ask the commissioners to resign from their
positions, dismissing the issue as part of EACC's internal politics.
But he said he still stood by his earlier assertions that the EACC commissioners
lacked the drive to fight corruption.
"I said at the time that they lacked the passion to fight corruption and my
position has not changed," he said.
Mr Mohammed argued that sideshows should not be allowed to cloud the vision
guiding the President in his determination to "slay the dragon" of corruption.
"A line has been drawn and the effort to fight corruption will be widespread.
This is not just about individuals, because the President has had meetings with
all agencies involved and decided to take the next step," he said  Ms Keino and
Mr Matemu declared they would not resign, and linked it to five major cases of
corruption the commission is investigating.
"I wish to state that there is a brazen attempt to force my resignation and
disbandment of the commission by a clique, which is a clear subversion of the
Constitution," she stated.
She singled out investigations into the Anglo Leasing scandal, the Karen land
saga, the Geothermal Development Corporation case, alleged fraud at Mumias Sugar
Company and the matter relating to Integrity Centre and its relationship with
the Deposit Protection Fund Board, as being behind the commission's
tribulations.
Said Mr Matemu: "For me, when people ask why you don't consider resigning, I
tell them we will continue discharging our business. It is not for an outsider
to come coaxing people to resign."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2015 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

U.S. Attorney Names New Supervisory Appointments

LENGTH: 690 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Connecticut has issued the
following news release:







    U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly today announced new supervisory appointments
within the U.S. Attorney's Office.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Tracy Lee Dayton has been appointed Executive
Assistant U.S. Attorney.  Ms. Dayton joined the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2007
and has served as Chief of the Violent Crimes and Narcotics Unit and as Senior
Litigation Counsel.  Since 2012, she has been a member of the Attorney General's
Review Committee on Capital Crimes.  She previously served as an Assistant U.S.
Attorney in the Eastern District of New York, and as a Deputy District Attorney
in Los Angeles County.  Ms. Dayton graduated from Princeton University in 1992
and UC Berkeley School of Law in 1995.



    Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick has been named Chief of the Criminal
Division's Financial Fraud and Public Corruption Unit, which focuses on the
investigation and prosecution of securities, commodities and investor fraud,
public corruption, bank fraud and embezzlement, mortgage fraud, tax fraud,
health care fraud, bankruptcy fraud and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
violations.  He previously served as a Deputy Chief of the FFPC Unit.  Mr.
Novick joined the Office in 2008 after serving as an Assistant District Attorney
in the Manhattan District Attorney's Office for approximately five years.  He is
a 1997 graduate of Yale University and a 2003 graduate of New York University
School of Law.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Sarah P. Karwan has been named a Deputy Chief of the
FFPC Unit.  Prior to joining the Office in 2007, Ms. Karwan was in private
practice for six years, and served as a law clerk to Chief U.S. District Judge
Alfred V. Covello.  She is a 1997 graduate of the College of William and Mary
and a 2000 graduate of the UConn School of Law.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Liam Brennan of the FFPC Unit has been asked to lead
the Connecticut Public Corruption Task Force, which investigates corrupt public
officials, the misuse of public funds and related criminal activity.  Mr.
Brennan joined the Justice Department's Fraud Section in Washington, D.C. in
2007, and moved to the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2011.  He graduated from the
University of Notre Dame in 2001 and Yale Law School in 2007.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Jacabed Rodriguez-Coss has been appointed a Deputy
Chief of the Criminal Division's National Security and Major Crimes Unit, which
is responsible for prosecuting matters involving international and domestic
terrorism, civil rights and hate crimes, human trafficking and child
exploitation, cybercrime and identity theft, organized crime, immigration and
customs enforcement, government program and defense contractor fraud, and
environmental crimes.  Prior to joining the Office in 2014, Ms. Rodriguez-Coss
was an Assistant U.S. Attorney in both the District of Maryland and the District
of Puerto Rico, and served as a trial attorney in the Capital Case Section of
the Justice Department's Criminal Division.  She graduated from Yale University
in 1988 and Harvard Law School in 1991.

     &ldquo;Our office is fortunate to have many experienced and talented
attorneys dedicated to keeping our communities safe, enforcing federal laws
fairly and consistently, and representing the interests of the United States in
court,&rdquo; said U.S. Attorney Daly.  &ldquo;The AUSAs stepping into these
supervisory roles are highly qualified and possess the skills and qualities to
be effective and respected leaders.  I am honored to work side by side these men
and women as well as all the members of our supervisory team.&rdquo;

    The U.S. Attorney's Office is charged with enforcing federal criminal laws
in Connecticut and representing the federal government in civil litigation.  The
Office is composed of approximately 65 Assistant U.S. Attorneys and
approximately 50 staff members at offices in New Haven, Hartford and Bridgeport.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 3, 2015 Tuesday

U.S. Attorney Names New Supervisory Appointments

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Connecticut has issued the
following news release:







    U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly today announced new supervisory appointments
within the U.S. Attorney's Office.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Tracy Lee Dayton has been appointed Executive
Assistant U.S. Attorney.  Ms. Dayton joined the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2007
and has served as Chief of the Violent Crimes and Narcotics Unit and as Senior
Litigation Counsel.  Since 2012, she has been a member of the Attorney General's
Review Committee on Capital Crimes.  She previously served as an Assistant U.S.
Attorney in the Eastern District of New York, and as a Deputy District Attorney
in Los Angeles County.  Ms. Dayton graduated from Princeton University in 1992
and UC Berkeley School of Law in 1995.



    Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick has been named Chief of the Criminal
Division's Financial Fraud and Public Corruption Unit, which focuses on the
investigation and prosecution of securities, commodities and investor fraud,
public corruption, bank fraud and embezzlement, mortgage fraud, tax fraud,
health care fraud, bankruptcy fraud and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
violations.  He previously served as a Deputy Chief of the FFPC Unit.  Mr.
Novick joined the Office in 2008 after serving as an Assistant District Attorney
in the Manhattan District Attorney's Office for approximately five years.  He is
a 1997 graduate of Yale University and a 2003 graduate of New York University
School of Law.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Sarah P. Karwan has been named a Deputy Chief of the
FFPC Unit.  Prior to joining the Office in 2007, Ms. Karwan was in private
practice for six years, and served as a law clerk to Chief U.S. District Judge
Alfred V. Covello.  She is a 1997 graduate of the College of William and Mary
and a 2000 graduate of the UConn School of Law.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Liam Brennan of the FFPC Unit has been asked to lead
the Connecticut Public Corruption Task Force, which investigates corrupt public
officials, the misuse of public funds and related criminal activity.  Mr.
Brennan joined the Justice Department's Fraud Section in Washington, D.C. in
2007, and moved to the U.S. Attorney's Office in 2011.  He graduated from the
University of Notre Dame in 2001 and Yale Law School in 2007.

    Assistant U.S. Attorney Jacabed Rodriguez-Coss has been appointed a Deputy
Chief of the Criminal Division's National Security and Major Crimes Unit, which
is responsible for prosecuting matters involving international and domestic
terrorism, civil rights and hate crimes, human trafficking and child
exploitation, cybercrime and identity theft, organized crime, immigration and
customs enforcement, government program and defense contractor fraud, and
environmental crimes.  Prior to joining the Office in 2014, Ms. Rodriguez-Coss
was an Assistant U.S. Attorney in both the District of Maryland and the District
of Puerto Rico, and served as a trial attorney in the Capital Case Section of
the Justice Department's Criminal Division.  She graduated from Yale University
in 1988 and Harvard Law School in 1991.

     &ldquo;Our office is fortunate to have many experienced and talented
attorneys dedicated to keeping our communities safe, enforcing federal laws
fairly and consistently, and representing the interests of the United States in
court,&rdquo; said U.S. Attorney Daly.  &ldquo;The AUSAs stepping into these
supervisory roles are highly qualified and possess the skills and qualities to
be effective and respected leaders.  I am honored to work side by side these men
and women as well as all the members of our supervisory team.&rdquo;

    The U.S. Attorney's Office is charged with enforcing federal criminal laws
in Connecticut and representing the federal government in civil litigation.  The
Office is composed of approximately 65 Assistant U.S. Attorneys and
approximately 50 staff members at offices in New Haven, Hartford and Bridgeport.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                              July 2, 1971, Friday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 3

LENGTH: 316 words

Whitman Knapp holds news conf marking end of 11-mo Knapp Comm probe of NYC
Police corruption; issues brief interim rept which charges basic problem is
climate of dept that is inhospitable to moves to uncover corruption and
protective of those who are corrupt and which concludes that problems cannot be
solved by removing a few 'rotten apples'; says Mayor Lindsay 'cannot escape
responsibility', says former Comr Leary shares blame for failure to exercise
leadership; hails Comr Murphy policy but scores his support of 'rotten apple'
theory; charges 'substantial number' of policemen engage in corrupt acts and
only small group actively tries to end corruption; refuses to comment on roles
of former Comr Fraiman or Mayor Lindsay aide J Kriegel; he and comm members
illus; rept discusses 8 separate areas of corruption; charges payoffs to
policemen are made by bars, restaurants and night clubs for variety of reasons,
ranging from desire to avoid prosecution to assurance of cooperative attitudes
by local police; contends leading hotels give Xmas gratuities to almost all
ranks in dept and provide free food and accommodations to local policemen; repts
uncovering 'ritualized system' of wkly police demands for payments from small
Spanish groceries that violate Sabbath laws; finds construction indus has
generally made regular payments of bribes to various police officers with
jurisdiction in area; repts evidence that some houses of prostitution are
tolerated because of payments to police; says that despite wide publicity
concerning collusion between NYC policemen and tow-truck operators, payments by
operators to police for favorable treatment at scene of accident are still
prevalent details; Lindsay and Leary unavailable for comment but Lindsay aide
defends Lindsay role; Murphy thanks Knapp for comments but does not comment on
'rotten apple' theory; PBA pres Kiernan denounces rept

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

FLORIDA, A STATE OF CORRUPTION

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 696 words


You would think if you were an ambitious federal prosecutor eager to pursue
public corruption cases, you would yearn to be assigned to an office in Florida
- any office - where the pickings are riper than a Plant City strawberry field.

So many greased palms. So few scruples.

After all, the official state motto really ought to be: "You Have the Right to
Remain Silent."

When it comes to all manner of measures like the quality of education, or
transportation, or medical care for the poor, Florida often ranks somewhere
between Dante's Inferno and Palau.

However, Florida also stands proudly in leading the nation for stuff like
pedestrian deaths, indifference to climate change even while Miami floods and a
penal system right out of Papillon. Only a few weeks ago, the Florida
Environmental Regulation Commission approved new rules that allow higher levels
of toxins and carcinogens into the state's water supply. Hmmmm, hmmmm, that's
some tasty cancer.

But nowhere does Florida stand more proudly than in the production of political
mug shots.

Last year, Harvard Law School's Edmund J. Safra Center for Ethics released a
report proclaiming Florida to be No. 1 - with a plea deal - for both legal and
illegal public corruption. The New York Times noted a few years ago that between
1998 and 2007, 823 public officials in Florida were convicted on corruption
charges at the state, local or federal level, proving perhaps than an idle soul
is indeed the devil's playground.

And the Center for Public Integrity and Global Integrity has given Florida a
grade of D for its lack of governmental honesty. Who got an F? There's always
Somalia, something for Florida to aspire to achieve. What would you expect from
a state that is led by Gov. Rick Scott, who once invoked his Fifth Amendment
right against self-incrimination 75 times during a deposition in a civil
lawsuit? And he was still elected to a second term, suggesting perhaps that
gullible Floridians aren't all that picky about who gets to reside in the
Governor's Mansion.

The wrongdoing, of course, takes many forms - from outright bribery to the
pernicious influence of lobbyists to the murky financing of political action
committees.

And that explains why former U.S. Sen. Bob Graham made a very bipartisan appeal
to then-U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder in 2013 to beef up the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Northern District of Florida to provide more money and lawyers to
take on public corruption cases. Alas, Graham's request was met with a cone of
silence. Given Graham's stature, Holder's failure to even respond was beyond
dense. It was rude.

And that had to be particularly galling for Graham, who served in the Florida
Legislature, two terms as governor and three terms in the U.S. Senate while
managing to emerge with his reputation intact. In a state so rife with winking
and nodding and outstretched hands, Graham has never been remotely linked to any
improprieties in a public service career spanning five decades.

Holder is long gone. And now Graham has made the same request of his successor,
Attorney General Loretta Lynch. But time is running short as the Obama
administration draws to a close. And with Lynch already under fire for her
decision not to pursue potential naughtiness at the Clinton Foundation or
Hillary Clinton's email server imbroglio, it's rather doubtful the attorney
general is going to get all lathered up over some Florida politician using a
bale of marijuana as a paperweight.

Still, it is not as if the Justice Department has been entirely oblivious to
politicians behaving sadly.

In July, the feds indicted U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown, D-Jacksonville, and her
chief of staff on 24 counts of fraud. The pair are accused of steering $800,000
in dubious contributions to a fake educational charity, One Door, using the
money as a personal slush fund for swanky vacations to the Bahamas, Beyonce
concerts, football games and chi-chi parties. Meanwhile, One Door, which
apparently swung only one way, gave out only two $1,200 scholarships.

Voters were not amused. Brown lost in the Democratic primary Tuesday.

But what about Graham's more overarching concerns that Florida remains a den of
baksheesh?

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: Longtime U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown,
D-Jacksonville, who was indicted in July, lost in the Democratic primary
election Tuesday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       June 25, 2015 Thursday 5:42 PM GMT

US court to hear arguments that Brazil oil giant should stand trial for
corruption;
Investors, which include the retirement funds of state workers in Ohio, Idaho
and Hawaii, claim that the oil company, Petrobras, was 'rotten to the core'

BYLINE: Rupert Neate in New York

SECTION: WORLD NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


A US court will hear arguments on Thursday that oil giant Petrobras should stand
trial for a culture of bribery and corruption that has rocked Brazilian
businesses and political elite and lowered the company's value by $90bn.

Investors, led by the UK Universities Superannuation Scheme, which manages the
pension funds of British academics, claim they lost billions as a result of the
huge money laundering and corruption scheme. The investors, which also include
the retirement funds of state workers in Ohio, Idaho and Hawaii, claim in court
filings that Petrobras was "rotten to the core".

The scandal, which has been dubbed "operation carwash" because huge amounts of
money were allegedly laundered through a money exchange in a nondescript gas
station in the Brazilian capital, has already led to the indictment of more than
40 Brazilian executives allegedly involved in the bribery scheme dating back to
2006.

Corruption allegedly spread from the boardroom to politics, with Brazilians
taking to the streets earlier this year to call for the impeachment of President
Dilma Rousseff. She was chairwoman of Petrobras's board between 2003 and 2010,
when most of the alleged corruption took place. Rousseff has denied any
knowledge of the scheme and no evidence has linked her to the corruption.

The Brazilian government owns the majority of Petrobras' shares, and controls
the company with seven of 10 seats on the board.

The lawsuit claims that Petrobras executives accepted bribes for inflating the
value of construction contracts and "used the money to bribe politicians through
intermediaries to guarantee they would vote in line with the ruling party while
enriching themselves."

The investors in the US class action, which merges eight separate suits, are
being represented by Pomerantz Law, which helped investors sue BP in the wake of
the Gulf of Mexico disaster and some of those that lost out in the Enron
scandal.

Petrobras has called for the case to be thrown out because the company was also
a victim of the scheme. "Petrobras itself was the victim in this scandal,
carried out by a criminal cartel of Brazil's largest construction and
engineering companies," the company said in papers filed at the district court
in lower Manhattan.

If Judge Rakoff, who is known for his tough stance on corporate wrongdoing,
allows the case to go ahead, senior executives and Brazilian politicians will
likely be called to appear before the New York court.

Meanwhile, Brazilian prosecutors investigating the scandal have asked the
Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to help
them build their case as its tentacles spread beyond the board.

In a statement, this week, prosecutors said they had been "inspired by the Fifa
case", in which the US brought bribery and corruption charges against several
senior executives in world soccer.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      July 8, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Scathing report depicts police corruption

BYLINE: MARK TRAN, GUARDIAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 562 words


An ugly portrait of New York's police emerged Thursday when an inquiry into
police corruption described rogue cops behaving like street gangs, rampaging
through black and Hispanic neighborhoods, beating up suspects, snorting,
stealing and dealing in drugs.

It described an internal investigation system as a shambles.

One officer from the Bronx's 46th precinct told investigators how he and members
of his "crew" burgled drug locations and beat up residents as well as suspected
criminals. In the Ninth Precinct, officers would meet in a local store to drink,
use cocaine and avoid their duties.

In a devastating report on the New York Police Department, the Mollen
Commission, named after former judge Milton Mollen, found that corruption took
on a highly organized form at the most rotten precincts, usually located in
poorer neighborhoods - Harlem and the East Village in Manhattan and the
Brownsville and East New York sections of Brooklyn.

The delinquent officers would organize themselves into crews of 12 or more and
use police department resources.

"They use the police radio network and code names to mount and co-ordinate
operations. They often use department equipment to force entry. They manipulate
fellow officers, their supervisors and the courts to their advantage. And they
fuel each other's corruption through their eagerness to prove their loyalty and
toughness to one another," the five-member commission said in a scathing report,
the climax of a two-year investigation.

It is the most explosive exposure of New York police corruption since the early
1970s, when officer Frank Serpico went public with allegations of widespread
kickbacks after the police department refused to deal with his findings.

Though it notes that most of New York's 31,000 police officers are honest, the
corruption depicted in the commission's report has reached an alarming level. In
the 73rd Precinct, for example, a group of eight to 10 officers routinely
conducted unlawful raids on drug locations while on the beat from 1988 to 1992.

Sometimes, most of the squad would attend clandestine meetings in desolate
places - like one known as "the morgue," an abandoned coffin factory - to drink,
avoid patrol duties and plan raids.

The 75th precinct had a meeting place known as "the pool" - an isolated inlet -
where Michael Dowd and as many as 15 officers from his crew would gather while
on duty, to drink, shoot, meet their girl friends and plot criminal activities.

The arrest of Dowd in 1992 led former mayor David Dinkins to ask Mollen to begin
a corruption inquiry into the NYPD.

Dowd, now facing sentencing on drug charges, snorted cocaine on the dashboard of
his patrol car and made $ 8,000 a week selling drugs and protection.

The NYPD received numerous complaints about Dowd, who drove to work in a
Corvette and had a limousine drive him to Atlantic City for gambling trips. But
Dowd and other cops got away with their behavior because of a police culture
that frowns on cops "ratting" on each other.

The commission comes down hard on the NYPD's internal policing mechanisms and
attacks the Department of Internal Affairs. "Oversight of Internal Affairs was
virtually non-existent, intelligence-gathering efforts were negiligible,
corruption investigations were often deliberately limited and prematurely
closed," it says.



LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Justices likely to ease public corruption rules

BYLINE: Richard Wolf, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 519 words


The Supreme Court appeared likely to side with politicians over prosecutors
Wednesday and rule that federal corruption laws are unfairly entrapping public
officials.

A clear majority of justices sided with lawyers for former Virginia governor Bob
McDonnell, who was convicted in 2014 for accepting more than $175,000 in gifts
and loans from a wealthy vitamin executive in exchange for government favors.
The problem, justices on both sides of the ideological spectrum agreed, is that
the laws allow prosecutors to characterize everyday favors as criminal acts.

"It puts at risk behavior that is common, particularly when the 'quid' is a
lunch or a baseball ticket, throughout this country," Justice Stephen Breyer
told Deputy Solicitor General Michael Dreeben. The laws, Breyer said, give the
Justice Department "enormous power over elected officials."

How to define political corruption in the absence of clear federal standards
presented the eight remaining justices with a tough case to close out the 2015
term's oral arguments, following others on abortion, contraception, immigration
and affirmative action. They must decide what constitutes the 'quo' in quid pro
quo -- exercising influence over government decision-making, or merely providing
access.

McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, who sat together in the courtroom, were
convicted for accepting lavish gifts such as $20,000 in designer clothes,
$15,000 to cater a daughter's wedding and a $6,000 Rolex watch from Jonnie
Williams, CEO of Star Scientific, a Virginia company marketing dietary
supplements. In return, they helped Williams gain access to university and
health care officials who could help him win federal approval for one of his
products.

Justice Sonia Sotomayor, a former federal prosecutor, said McDonnell clearly
intended to help Williams by arranging meetings with other state officials.
Testimony at McDonnell's trial, she said, indicated that University of Virginia
officials "felt pressured" to conduct studies, though they never did.

Though none of the justices defended McDonnell's acceptance of expensive gifts,
most had doubts about whether his actions in return constituted "official acts."
They worried that upholding his conviction could endanger public officials who
do favors for constituents in exchange for campaign contributions, expensive
lunches or a day's trout fishing excursion.

In the federal indictment, Justice Elena Kagan said, "the party becomes an
'official act,' or calling somebody just to talk about the product becomes an
'official act.' ... I'm troubled by these particular charges and (jury)
instructions, which seems to make every piece of evidence that you had an
'official act.'"

Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy were passionate in their
defense of public officials who might cross the line between legal and illegal
without realizing it. "The government has given us no workable standard,"
Kennedy said.

Roberts noted that former counsels to Democratic and Republican presidents
signed a brief on McDonnell's behalf. "It's extraordinary that those people
agree on anything," Roberts said.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 20, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Some of the key players in Fumo corruption trial

BYLINE: By MICHAEL HINKELMAN; hinkelm@phillynews.com 215-854-2656

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 06

LENGTH: 449 words


Here's a who's who of the leading figures in the federal corruption trial of
state Sen. Vince Fumo:

The defendants* State Sen. Vince Fumo - First elected to state Senate in 1978,
the South Philadelphia Democrat was chairman or ranking member of the powerful
Senate Appropriations Committee from 1985 until 2007.

The trial is his third brush with the law. He was cleared of corruption charges
in 1974 and 1981.

* Ruth Arnao - Onetime deputy chief of staff to Fumo, and later executive
director of Citizens Alliance for Better Neighborhoods Inc.

She is married to another close Fumo ally, Mitchell Rubin, chairman of the
Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission.

The lawyers* Assistant U.S. Attorney Bob Zauzmer - Co-prosecutor. He led the
City Hall pay-to-play corruption case in which he won conviction in 2005 of
former city treasurer Corey Kemp, now serving a 10-year prison term. He also
successfully prosecuted former U.S. Rep. Edward Mezvinsky in 2002 on fraud
charges.

* Assistant U.S. Attorney John Pease - Co-prosecutor. He won a conviction last
year against former Independence Seaport Museum president John S. Carter on
fraud and tax charges. Carter is serving a 15-year prison term.

* Dennis J. Cogan - Fumo's attorney. He's a former assistant district attorney,
whom Philadelphia magazine once described as a "tenacious courtroom fighter with
an instinct for the jugular."

* Edwin J. Jacobs Jr. - Arnao's attorney. Twice represented Philadelphia mob
boss Joey "Skinny Joey" Merlino, winning an acquittal for Merlino in federal
court in New Jersey in 2004 on conspiracy and murder charges.

The judge* U.S. District Judge Ronald L. Buckwalter - Former district attorney
and Common Pleas judge in Lancaster, appointed to the federal bench in 1989 by
President George H. W. Bush.

Prosecution witnesses* Christian Marrone - Fumo's son-in-law and former
legislative aide, he is expected to be an early and key witness.

* Howard Cain - Longtime Fumo political consultant.

* Leonard Luchko and Mark Eister - Former computer aides to Fumo, initially
charged with him, but pleaded guilty and cooperated with the prosecution.

* Private eye Frank Wallace - The indictment alleges that Fumo used state money
to pay Wallace to spy on his ex-wife and former girlfriends.

* Dorothy Egrie-Wilcox - Former Fumo girlfriend.

Defense witnesses * Gov. Rendell - One of a number of prominent leaders who
could be called to testify to Fumo's good works.

* U.S. Reps. Bob Brady and Chaka Fattah - Longtime political leaders in
Philadelphia who've worked with Fumo.

* Also on Fumo's witness list:Former Mayor W. Wilson Goode, two former state
Supreme Court justices, a former federal magistrate and several current
Philadelphia judges.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 19, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

NEW PHILADELPHIA POLICE HEAD CHOSEN FROM OUTSIDE THE RANKS

BYLINE: By WILLIAM K. STEVENS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 812 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 18


Kevin M. Tucker, a Brooklyn native who was the agent in charge of the United
States Secret Service office here for seven years until his retirement last
June, was appointed today as Philadelphia's Police Commissioner as of Jan. 1.

He immediately pledged to be ''relentless'' in attempting to root out corruption
in a Police Department whose reputation has been battered by disclosures of
graft and by its performance in the disastrous effort to oust the radical group
Move last May 13.

Mr. Tucker, who is 45 years old and lives in Medford, N.J., succeeds Gregore J.
Sambor, who resigned last month after disclosures about his role in the incident
in which 11 people died and 61 homes were destroyed by fire after the police
dropped a bomb on a house occupied by members of the radical group Move. Mr.
Sambor directed the bombing.

Criticism From Police Union

Mr. Tucker is the first Commissioner to come from outside the ranks of the
department in decades, and for that reason his appointment drew sharp criticism
from the police union.

Mayor W. Wilson Goode, whose administration was also damaged by the Move
incident, has said that he considers the cleansing and reorganization of the
Police Department to be the biggest task in the remaining two years of his
four-year term.

''This is a department in crisis,'' he said this afternoon in announcing the
appointment of Mr. Tucker, who was described by the Mayor as ''the right person
at the right time'' to do ''the kind of job that needs to be done.''

In the last two years 29 police officers and supervisors, including a deputy
commissioner, have been convicted on Federal corruption charges.

Drive on Corruption Pledged

Mr. Tucker, speaking with touches of a New York accent at a news conference,
said he would ''use every means available'' to eliminate the corruption that he
said had ''demeaned'' the city.

''We are very, very disappointed,'' said Robert S. Hurst, president of the
Philadelphia Fraternal Order of Police. ''We feel it's a slap in the face to
every police officer in the city of Philadelphia, all 7,000 of them, and a
direct slap in the face to Acting Commissioner Armstrong, and to everyone in the
Delaware Valley.''

The police union had favored the appointment of Robert Armstrong, a long-time
police veteran who has been serving as interim commissioner. Mr. Armstrong was
one of more than 150 people said to have sought the post. Mr. Tucker said that
he hoped the interim commissioner would remain with the department.

Both Mayor Goode and Mr. Tucker appealed for cooperation from the police
establishment and rank-and-file. But Mr. Hurst called the Tucker appointment
''cosmetic and superficial,'' and said the Mayor was ''making a big mistake.''

Doubts on Impact Voiced

Mr. Hurst said he had nothing against Mr. Tucker. ''In fact,'' he said, ''I wish
Mr. Tucker the best. I understand he has the highest reputation within the
law-enforcement community.''

But, Mr. Hurst said, he ''isn't going to make a dent'' in the corruption
problem. The last time an outsider was brought in to fight police corruption as
Commissioner, he said, was in 1928, when a retired Marine Corps general was
given the job. He lasted eight months, Mr. Hurst said. Since then, he said,
commissioners have come from within the department's ranks.

A recent colleague of Mr. Tucker in the Secret Service said he had gained the
respect of the Philadelphia police in his seven-year tenure as the agent in
charge of the service's regional office.

Mr. Goode cited this as one reason why Mr. Tucker had been chosen. Of the 150
candidates who responded to requests for resumes, the Mayor's office said, 74
were interviewed. These included 44 from inside the department and 30 from
outside.

Described as 'Tough but Fair'

Mr. Tucker's former Secret Service colleague, who described himself as a
long-time professional acquaintance, said the new Commissioner was ''tough but
fair,'' a man who ''deals with problems effectively.''

As head of the Philadelphia Secret Service office, Mr. Tucker directed all of
the agency's operations in New Jersey, Delaware and Pennsylvania.

Born in Brooklyn on June 21, 1940, he graduated from Kean College in Union,
N.J., in 1965. He served as a patrolman in the Rahway, N.J., police department
from 1973 to 1965.

Joining the Secret Service in 1965, he was assigned from then until 1968 to the
Kennedy Protection Division. In that post he was assigned to protect President
Kennedy's widow, Jacqueline, and two children, Caroline and John Jr. He
subsequently served with the agency in Newark, New York, Philadelphia and
Washington, where he was head of the intelligence division from 1975 to 1978.

Since his retirement last June, he has served as vice president for planning for
Paris Business Forms, a maker of business forms in suburban Bucks County.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Kevin Tucker and Mayor Goode (AP)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Letters To The Editor

SECTION: Pg. B-10

LENGTH: 1098 words


A mayoral mansion? Not in these bad times

Re: "Historic mansion may house mayors," Dec. 9 news story.

At a time when many people are worrying about how they will pay their mortgages
and others are homeless, it is insulting for the mayor of Denver to consider
using the Grant-Humphreys mansion as an official residence. Sell the Daniels
property, by all means, but forget a mayoral mansion. If the mayor has to
entertain, he can use his living room, or if the crowd is larger, they can
gather in the hall of the City and County Building. That's already paid for.

Connie Platt, Denver

---------------------------------------- ``Blagojevich'' synonymous with
corruption If the news of Illinois Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich's arrest on
corruption charges had come before the recent election, I fear voter turnout
would have been at an all-time low. While the alleged conduct of Blagojevich or
other corrupt politicians may represent only a very small number of elected
officials throughout the country, it is actions like these that stick in the
minds of voters.

If convicted (which seems likely), I hope the name "Blagojevich" becomes
synonymous with the most heinous form of corruption and public mistrust, just as
Benedict Arnold is associated in the U.S. with treason or as Judas is with
betrayal.

Of course, that would be more likely if Blagojevich (pronounced
bluh-GOY-uh-vich) was easier to read and pronounce.

Jeff Konrade-Helm, Westminster

----------------------------------------

How changes in Detroit affect small-town America

Congress is asking Detroit's Big Three to become more efficient before billions
in loans are handed out.

On the surface, that certainly sounds like a good idea. We should know what that
means for Colorado. Car dealers will be closed. Companies like Go, Stevenson,
and Burt will likely survive. But smaller towns all across Colorado will likely
lose their Ford and Chevy dealerships - places like Alamosa and Craig, where
agriculture is the main industry. This is where the farmers and ranchers raise
their cattle and grow their potatoes. Trucks are an essential part of their
daily operation. RTD is not an option for them.

A leaner Ford or GM could mean another nail in the coffin for small-

town America, and for some places it could be the final nail.

Places like Mayberry and other small towns offer something that can't be
measured in dollars and cents, something just as essential as the almighty
dollar.

Jim Warland, Lakewood

Americans have shown willingness to buy green

Re: "'Nyet' to car industry bailout," Dec. 10 David Harsanyi column.

David Harsanyi wrote: "Congress is demanding Detroit build so-called 'green'
cars, even though Americans show little inclination to buy them willingly." The
fact is, hybrid sales in 2007 increased by 37 percent. According to the Wall
Street Journal, while all car sales are down from November of 2007 to 2008,
small-car sales were down by half as much as the rest of the market, and in
terms of total 2008 sales to date, small car sales are the only category to have
shown an overall increase from 2007.

Don Herman, Denver

----------------------------------------

State's infrastructure is too poor for Olympics

Re: "Think of Olympic-sized congestion," Dec. 7 guest commentary.

State Rep. Rob Witwer's commentary was extraordinarily valid in these times of
substandard infrastructure in Colorado. Due first and foremost to the
debilitating effects of the TABOR amendment, we have drastically ignored not
only maintenance but also expansion of our infrastructure. To consider hosting
the Olympics, let alone "showing off our state" while it is crumbling beneath
us, is absurd. Let's educate the public to support infrastructure projects
(roads, bridges and mass transit) and get Colorado back to a place of pride.

Wayne Leiser, Greenwood Village

The writer is a board member of the Colorado Asphalt Pavement Association.

----------------------------------------

Blaming public employees for retirement woes Re: "What will happen to the
state's public employee retirement fund?" Dec. 8 letters to the editor.

Well, the economy is on the skids, so whom do we want to take it out on? Why,
public employees, of course. Those nasty teachers, especially.

No one can accuse teachers of going into the profession to line their pockets.
One of the few perks of this stressful, low-paying job is a defined benefit
retirement plan. One letter- writer avers that the Public Employees' Retirement
Association's (PERA's) problems are the result of poor investment decisions.
Please. Has anyone noticed that there have been a few problems in the stock
market lately? Virtually everybody's 401(k) has been decimated.

Perhaps a better question to ask is why there are so few defined benefit
retirement plans left. Why have corporations that have (up to now) had very
healthy bottom lines been able to outsource jobs and shred pension plans with
virtually no protest? One letter-writer even implies that defined pension plans
are un-American. This is a true propaganda victory for corporate America. Maybe
it would be a good idea if PERA got the same level of scrutiny that the banking
industry got before its bailout - which is none.

This is not to say that there don't have to be changes in PERA, such as
retirement age and other adjustments, but public employees went into their jobs
with an understanding. Moving the goalposts when they are about to retire seems,
at best, unjust.

Steve Milligan, Colorado Springs

----------------------------------------

Greater cooperation

between U.S. and India

The recent deadly terrorist attacks in Mumbai are the latest of many attacks
across India, most of which appear to have been carried out by local Islamist
radicals with ties to external terrorist organizations. It is my hope that these
recent attacks lead to greater counter-

terrorism cooperation and help transform relationships between India and the
United States. The goal of the two nations' coordination should be the
prevention of further regional and global terrorist attacks. In order for this
counterterrorism cooperation to successfully take place, both countries'
intelligence services will have to increase their understanding of the other
nation's national security interests. Only then will it be possible for this
partnership to begin maturing to the unprecedented levels we need.

Monica W. Owens, Denver

----------------------------------------

TO SEND A LETTER

E-mail: openforum@

denverpost.com (straight text only; no attachments)

Mail: The Open Forum, The Denver Post, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 600, Denver, CO
80202

To reach us by phone: 303-954-1331

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  June 20, 1995, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

AROUND THE SOUTH;
REGION IN BRIEF;
Key West mayor, commissioner face corruption charges

BYLINE: Compiled by Gerrie Ferris

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 344 words


Key West Mayor Dennis J. Wardlow and City Commissioner Emery Major were charged
Monday by a federal grand jury in Miami with influence peddling in two unrelated
indictments.

Wardlow, re-elected mayor in November 1993, is accused of accepting about $
7,700 in bribes to benefit a water sports business owned by Key West lawyer John
Bigler Jr.

Major, 44, is charged in a separate indictment by the same grand jury with
bribery, extortion and conspiracy. He is accused of soliciting and accepting $
2,300 from the owner of a proposed tour service in exchange for helping the
owner get a business license.

TOURIST SLAYING: An absent 8-year-old German boy who saw his mother's killing
became the focus of the defense in the murder trial of two Miami men charged in
the widely publicized tourist death because of inconsistencies in his past
statements. Prosecutors rested Monday after five days of testimony without
calling Alexander Jensen, but past interviews were read into the court record by
the defense team for Anthony Williams and Leroy Rogers. Barbara Meller-Jensen,
39, was shoved to the ground and run over as she lay unconscious in the street
April 2, 1993, said her son. He said the robbers' car was gold and his mother's
rental car was gray. Prosecutors say the robbers' car was blue and his mother's
was red. The boy also mentioned two men rather than the three placed in the car
by prosecutors.

OYSTER PERIL: Vibrio vulnificus bacteria, which lurks in shellfish from Florida
to Texas in the summer, is not a threat to most of the 20 million Americans who
sample Gulf Coast raw oysters. But they threaten enough people that the
government is spending $ 500,000 to educate elderly people and people with liver
disease, diabetes and stomach ailments, who could suffer severe diarrhea,
vomiting and fatal blood poisoning.

SOUTHERN ACCENT

"Today we're struggling to get a dime to get on the bus and to afford the money
to go to the lunch counter." - Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders, in a speech to
NAACP members in Dyersburg, Tenn.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Former Obama Fundraiser Convicted of Corruption

BYLINE: Peter Slevin; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 637 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, June 5


Antoin Rezko, a Chicago businessman and longtime fundraiser for Sen. Barack
Obama (D-Ill.), was convicted of 16 felony corruption charges Wednesday in a
case that alleged influence peddling in the upper reaches of the administration
of Gov. Rod Blagojevich (D).

After two months of vivid testimony about political profiteering in Illinois
state government, the 12-member jury found Rezko guilty of using his clout as a
Blagojevich insider to shake down companies hoping to do business with the
state. The 16 counts included fraud, money laundering and abetting bribery.
Rezko was acquitted of eight counts, including extortion.

Rezko surrendered to federal authorities as soon as the verdicts were read. He
explained through his attorney that he wants to begin serving his sentence
immediately.

The successful prosecution adds to the pressure on Blagojevich, who rode into
office in 2002 with a promise to end corruption in Springfield, the state
capital. His Republican predecessor, George Ryan, was convicted of corruption in
the same Chicago courthouse in 2006.

"It's another chapter in the sad history of Illinois government," Jay E.
Stewart, executive director of the Better Government Association, told
reporters. "I don't think this is the 'No more business as usual' we were
promised when Rod Blagojevich became governor back in 2002. He can't blame this
on George Ryan."

Blagojevich, now in his second term, has steadfastly denied wrongdoing. For
Obama, who was unconnected to the criminal case but once counted Rezko as a
friend and loyal contributor, the verdict makes it certain that critics will
continue to question their relationship. Indeed, within 20 minutes of the jury's
announcement, the Republican National Committee sent reporters an e-mail under
the heading "Rezko: Obama's Longtime Friend and Money Man."

GOP Chairman Robert M. Duncan soon followed with a contention that the verdict
creates doubts about Obama's judgment, and Duncan's staff posted a video
designed to highlight Obama's connections to Rezko and to raise doubts about the
explanations of the presumptive Democratic nominee for president.

Obama has said whenever asked -- and he has been asked repeatedly -- that his
relationship to Rezko, who had a history of befriending up-and-coming Illinois
politicians, never strayed into official business. Obama said Rezko asked no
favors and that he did him none.

Rezko has not raised money for Obama since 2004, and the Obama campaign gave to
charity the donations linked to Rezko.

"I'm saddened by today's verdict," Obama said in a statement Wednesday. "This
isn't the Tony Rezko I knew, but now he has been convicted by a jury on multiple
charges that once again shine a spotlight on the need for reform."

The prosecution of Rezko was an intricate web of testimony about money-minded
contributors and advisers headlined by a Republican political fixer named Stuart
Levine, an admitted con man who made and spent millions, including significant
sums on day-long drug binges.

Levine told the jury that he bribed his way to government contracts for his
clients and associates. He said he used his connections to win appointments to
state regulatory boards, including the panels that made decisions about the
state's $30 billion teacher pension fund and another that oversaw lucrative
hospital expansions.

Rezko, Levine testified, helped him preserve his clout and his schemes to keep
the illicit money flowing after Blagojevich entered office. An FBI agent
testified that Rezko raised $1.4 million for the new governor's campaign.

"I have never been in a better position than I am right now," Levine boasted in
a conversation secretly taped by the FBI. He said of Rezko, "This guy is making
decisions . . . and can get anything done that he wants done."

Staff writer Kari Lydersen contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Charles Rex Arbogast -- Associated Press; Antoin "Tony"
Rezko, center, goes to the federal courthouse with his sons to hear the verdict
in his trial in Chicago.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   JANUARY 21, 2004 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

Reward in city deal: $1 million;
A politically connected firm is being investigated as part of a federal probe
into alleged corruption.

BYLINE: Joseph Tanfani and Cynthia Burton INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1310 words


What's a deal worth at Philadelphia City Hall?

For one politically connected financial firm, its reward was a $1 million payday
- in large part for "making introductions."

The $1 million was Image's cut for serving as a middleman in a deal in which the
city pension fund invested $100 million in a bond investment rushed through in
the last days of Mayor Ed Rendell's administration.

Image, an acronym for Investment Management Advisory Group Inc., is a small
Pottstown company with a long list of political contributions and an even longer
record of no-bid investment work from governments throughout Pennsylvania, New
Jersey and the rest of the country.

The company has gotten hundreds of deals in an obscure and lucrative niche of
the bond industry, though two of its executives, while working for other firms,
were penalized by federal securities regulators.

More recently, Image has attracted the attention of federal agents investigating
alleged city corruption. The government has subpoenaed records of the city's
dealings with the firm.

Image also has links to Ronald A. White, the lawyer and Mayor Street fund-raiser
who is a focus of the corruption probe. It's unclear which Image deals the
government is examining.

In this deal, Image worked on behalf of AIG, the huge financial-services firm
that sold the city on the complex $100 million deal, a 30-year bond whose
ultimate return is pegged to the performance of the stock market. It was AIG
that ultimately paid Image.

In making the sale, AIG managed to overcome resistance by some pension fund
officials, who thought the investment was overly complicated and didn't make
sense.

Helping introduce AIG to officials in City Hall was lawyer David L. Cohen, the
former Rendell right-hand man who was then representing clients hoping to land
city contracts.

The contract signed by the Pension Board specifies that Image would be paid the
$1 million for "making introductions and providing structuring assistance"
regarding the bond that AIG ultimately sold to the pension fund.

Exactly what Image did to earn the fee is not spelled out.

Cohen said he didn't know. He said he worked for AIG, though a contract document
made public by the city said Image had hired Cohen's firm, Ballard, Spahr,
Andrews & Ingersoll.

Pension Board staff said they didn't know what work Image performed either.
Several trustees who voted on the deal said they had not known about the $1
million payment until asked by The Inquirer.

"What? I never heard of that in my life," said John A. Reilly, who represents
city firefighters on the pension board and who cast the lone vote against the
investment.

An AIG managing director who worked on the deal hung up on a reporter Tuesday.
"We don't comment on client matters," said Robert G. Leary of AIG Financial
Securities Corp.

David Eckhart, Image's president, would not answer questions either. He released
a brief statement that described only what the firm did not do.

"Image did not have a working relationship with anyone at the Pension Board.
Image did not have a contract with the City or the Pension Board, did not attend
any meetings at the City or the Pension Board [and] did not provide any
investment advice," the statement read.

Such significant "finder's fees" are not uncommon in huge government financial
transactions that often rise and fall on the strength of a firm's political
connections. But critics say those fees are ultimately paid by the public.

Image's principals and consultants have run into trouble with securities
regulators in the past, but the firm has been able to thrive in spite of those
troubles.

Edwin Gilbert Carpenter, described as a part owner of Image, was fined $20,000,
lost his securities license, and was barred from contact with registered
securities dealers in 1996 when, while working for another employer, he refused
to cooperate with a federal investigation into several New Jersey bond deals.

Martin J. Stallone, an Image managing director, was fined $100,000 in 1998 and
suspended from the securities industry for a year during the federal
government's sweeping investigation of "yield burning" in bonds. Stallone's
employer at the time, Meridian Securities Inc., was ordered to pay $3.7 million.

In disclosure documents to the pension board, Image executives Eckhart and
Robert W. Jones did not mention their association with Pacific Matrix, a
California investment group where both worked before coming to Image. The SEC
fined Pacific Matrix $50,000 for bid-rigging parts of a 1989 Oklahoma bond deal.
There is no indication that either Eckhart or Jones was involved in their old
company's wrongdoing.

In their disclosure, they merely say that they were part of "a West Coast
reinvestment firm" before forming Image in 1992.

Image, its principals, employees and consultants have contributed hundreds of
thousands of dollars to the campaigns of Republicans and Democrats, governors,
judicial and mayoral wannabes in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.

They have invested more than $450,000 in Pennsylvania candidates, and more than
$150,000 to Mayor Street and tens of thousands to New Jersey Democrats,
including Gov. McGreevey. Their Pennsylvania giving also includes $49,000 to
political action committees controlled by White.

Since McGreevey took office in New Jersey in 2002, his state treasurer, John
McCormac, has awarded Image $3.1 million in investment contracts.

The awarding of the contracts has raised questions in the mind of N.J. State
Sen. Thomas Kean, a North Jersey Republican, who is calling for a Senate
investigation of the deals.

Another player involved in the deal, according to Cohen, was William R. Howell,
a major campaign contributor who formerly served on the board of Ronald A.
White's family charity.

Howell has, among other business ventures, worked for Image as a consultant.
Campaign records show he and a business associate have made about $200,000 in
contributions to Rendell, Mayor Street and others.

The first stirrings of the deal came in late 1998, when Cohen set up a meeting
between AIG executives and key city officials - Gregory S. Rost, who succeeded
Cohen as Rendell's chief of staff, and then-city Finance Director Ben Hayllar.

The investment was not a typical one for the Philadelphia pension fund, which
usually pays money managers to make decisions on buying and selling stocks and
bonds.

Hayllar and Marc Bonavitacola, then the pension fund's chief investment officer,
were skeptical but cautious, mindful of Cohen's position as Rendell's close
adviser. "David L. Cohen, the mayor's chief of staff, referred this group to Ben
Hayllar, so it is a delicate situation," Bonavitacola wrote in one memo.

Cohen, now executive vice president of Comcast, said his role was mainly to get
AIG in the door.

Hayllar, who left the city in the summer of 1999, wasn't enamored of the idea.

"When I saw this and didn't understand it, I didn't want to do it," Hayllar
said. He said he knew nothing about Image or the $1 million fee.

Bonavitacola's memo to Hayllar in July recommended against the deal.

But the deal began moving forward under Hayllar's successor as finance director,
Michael Nadol, who declined to comment.

The pension trustees heard AIG's pitch in October. By Dec. 16, the deal came up
for a vote.

"Presently, no other public fund in the United States has entered into a similar
transaction," Bonavitacola wrote to the board.

But it was approved.

Bonavitacola wrote a memo to Nadol on Dec. 22, protesting what he described as a
rush to push the deal through. "I express my concerns over the speed at which
this transaction is closing," he wrote.

Contact staff writer Joseph Tanfani at 215-854-2684 or jtanfani@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 2, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Discussion;
The Commissioners on Police Corruption

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 39;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 797 words


Police Commissioners come and go, but corruption in New York City's Police
Department hangs on. Commissioner William J. Bratton and three of his
predecessors, Patrick V. Murphy, Benjamin Ward and Richard J. Condon, spoke at
New York Law School on Friday about how best to fight the perennial problem.
They discussed Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's battle with the City Council over
having an independent monitor oversee the force, what kind of monitor is most
effective, how its members should be chosen and whether it should have subpoena
powers. The discussion, part of a daylong seminar, drew on experience dating to
the days of the Knapp Commission and before.   GEORGE JAMES

Commissioner Benjamin Ward, who wants to make commanders at the precinct level
more accountable by giving them more power to fight corruption.

"When you ask the Mayor to be totally responsible, you either have to have this
very naive Mayor that we have today, if he is, or someone that just thinks he
can conquer all and is willing to take on the kind of pressure that will come to
him if his commission fails to control corruption. Because what is he going to
investigate? What is Nick Scoppetta [the head of the Mayor's oversight
committee] and his committee going to be looking at?

They're going to be looking at Bill Bratton and [Internal Affairs Chief Patrick]
Kelleher's attempts to control and suppress corruption. When they find it, who's
going to be sitting in the driver's seat, when they find it? His police
commissioner, Bratton. How did it start? How long was it going on before Bratton
learned about it? Where did he learn about it? Did he find out about it from
some Suffolk County policeman who stumbled accidentially on some city cop
engaged in corruption, and so when the arrest comes down, it makes the New York
City Police Department look inept and in competent because they didn't find it
themselves and it was found in East Cupcake and not in the big city?

And is the Mayor going to be up there in the Blue Room saying, "I picked
Bratton," as Koch said the other day when he criticized Giuliani, said, 'You
want praise? Stand next to Ben Ward and say, 'I picked Ben Ward.' Well, is he
going to stand next to Bratton and say, 'I picked Bratton and this is what
happened?' Because Bratton can't control all the corruption that occurs in the
city."

Patrick V. Murphy, commissioner from 1970 to 1973, who replaced 90 percent of
the top officers in the department and incorporated many Knapp Commission
recommendations, including creating a central internal affairs division.

"Rather than looking at the culture of the police department, look at the
culture of the executive corps . . . . They are critical, and they can make
things happen. I am convinced they can prevent corruption if the comissioner
holds them accountable and they have the means."

Richard J. Condon, commissioner from 1989 to 1990, who approves of an outside
monitor, be it a special prosecutor like the one appointed following the Knapp
Commission, or a strong external investigative body, as was recommended by the
Mollen Commission.

"If you have someone whose sole focus is on corruption, you should be more
successful in ferreting out that corruption. And I think however the Mayor and
the Council resolve the independent commission, however it turns out, I think
that it will be very helpful for the Police Department."

Commissioner William J. Bratton, who wants to make commanders at the precinct
level more accountable by giving them more power to fight corruption.

"Information is also now in the process of being shared extensively with the
precinct commanders. Why? to get them into the game. To include them. To empower
them. To get them into the game. This is being done at great risk, because it's
common wisdom -- traditional wisdom relating to internal affairs corruption
issues is the fewer people in the know the better, because you might lose a
case.

Well, that exclusion type of activity certainly doesn't seem to have worked in
the sense that we have in 20-year cycles, whether we had a three-oh type of
precinct situation or other precincts like the three-oh . . . .

And I think the time has come to try something different. I think it's radically
different, something that is risky. I believe it's worked in dealing with crime.
I believe it will work in dealing with the issue of corruption. Time will tell.
Will I lose a few cases because somebody has a loose lip? Possibly. But will I
win a lot more?

Will you as citizens in New York win a lot more? I think so. What will you win?
By having those precinct commanders coming into the game, by giving them
authority to deal with this, we can begin to deal with the new insidious type of
corruption."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Text

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

New Jersey corruption probe sweeps up politicians, rabbis

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were arrested
yesterday in a sweeping probe that uncovered political corruption, human organ
sales and money-laundering from New York to Israel, officials said.

The 10-year federal investigation, dubbed Operation Bid Rig, exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among public officials and a separate
money-laundering ring that channelled funds through charities operated by local
rabbis, the U.S. Attorney's office in Newark said.

The 44 people arrested included Hoboken, N.J., Mayor Peter Cammarano; he took
office three weeks ago.

Central to the investigation was an informant who posed as a real estate
developer and owner of a tile business who paid off officials in northern New
Jersey, according to documents in the case. The public officials are accused of
taking bribes.

The corruption uncovered by the informant led him to a separate money-laundering
network by rabbis who operated between Brooklyn, N.Y., New Jersey, and Israel,
authorities said. The probe also uncovered a Brooklyn man who is accused of
conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for transplant.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

Toledo drops to 11th in Forbes ranking of America's 20 Most Miserable Cities

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 731 words


March 01--Take a bow, Toledo. Your misery has lessened.

In the 2013 rankings by Forbes of America's 20 Most Miserable Cities, Toledo was
deemed less miserable this year than in 2012. The city finished 11th in the
annual rankings, down from eighth a year ago. It was 12th two years ago.

Part of the improvement is because of a change in the criteria that Forbes uses
for calculating its misery index. In the past, it used 10 factors to rank the
top 200 metro areas, although it only names 20 cities to its list.

This year the factors included eight previous categories: violent crime,
unemployment rate, foreclosures, income taxes, property taxes, home prices,
weather, and commute times. A new category -- net migration -- was added. Two
previous ones, political corruption and how an area's sports teams fared in the
past two years, were dropped.

Kurt Badenhausen, a senior editor at Forbes and the list's author, said the
political corruption category was dropped this year after complaints that the
data used for it was not metro-area specific and often included more than one
metro area in its data so that corruption in one city could skew the data for
another.

"Sports are an important component and cause people a lot of angst and misery,
but it also was being ranked across the regions so that the [Cleveland] Browns
would apply to all of northern Ohio," he said. "The truth is, a lot of areas
will feed off a certain team even if it's not in their city."

Toledo fared well in commute times, placing 11th overall, but its performances
in the other categories caused it to make the top 20, Mr. Badenhausen said.

The city was 129th in weather, 158th in violent crime, 140th in unemployment,
149th in foreclosures, 139th in home prices, 139th in income taxes, and 147th in
property taxes.

In the new category of net migration, Toledo fared badly, placing 197th out of
200 metro areas. But Mr. Badenhausen said, "A lot of cities in the Midwest and
Northeast are struggling with this. You're seeing a rampant move into the South
and the Western states."

In two other categories, Toledo was hurt by the aftereffects of the last
recession that officially ended in 2009 but the repercussions of which were felt
into 2010 and beyond. For home prices and unemployment, Forbes looks at an
average of the last three years' worth of data.

In the last year, home prices have started to increase and unemployment, which
was well over 12 percent in 2010, currently is 7.6 percent -- a full percentage
point below the national average thanks to a resurgence in manufacturing.

While Toledo improved its ranking for 2013, it still was the most miserable city
in Ohio, according to Forbes. Only two other Ohio cities made the list,
Cleveland at No. 17 and Youngstown at No. 20.

Detroit topped the list this year after being No. 2 in 2012. The rest of the top
five were Flint, Mich.; Rockford, Ill.; Chicago, and Modesto, Calif.

Mr. Badenhausen said the list remains mainly a conversation piece and not an
attempt to offend those on the list. "All these places have plenty of things to
offer whether you're talking about Toledo, New York, or Chicago," he said.

"People living in these cities no doubt feel that the benefits of living there
outweigh the hardships that people must endure," Mr. Badenhausen said. "But
there are problems too. We're trying to capture the things that people are
grumbling about at the water cooler each day."

Christine Bailey, a spokesman for the Toledo Regional Chamber of Commerce, said
such lists that emphasize problems are a huge source of frustration.

"The criteria for these lists are always moving. And it's focusing on the
negative when there are so many positive stories out there," she said.

For example, Ms. Bailey said said Forbes put Toledo on its miserable cities
list, but its criteria doesn't take into account that the Final Cut Steak &
Seafood restaurant at the new Hollywood Casino Toledo just got a four-star
rating from Forbes Travel Guide, the only restaurant in Ohio, Michigan, or
Indiana to get four stars.

"There are just so many positive stories out there, we think it's more important
to focus on improving the city and talking about the good things out there," she
said.

Contact Jon Chavez at: jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130301-TO-HLT-Toledo-drops-to-11th-in-Forbes-ranking-of-America-s-20-Most-Mise
rable-Cities-0301-20130301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday

Thoughts from Talicud Island

BYLINE:  John Mangun

LENGTH: 702  words


ABOUT an hour's trip by boat from Davao City is Talicud (or Talikud) Island, one
of the several smaller islands around the Garden Island of Samal. While Metro
Cebu represents the past, present and future of the Philippines in several ways,
so may Talicud Island. It is not necessarily easy to get there and you are not
just going to happen to travel there. As with the Philippines, you have to make
a conscious and purposeful decision to go.

While you might think that Talicud Island is similar to other island resorts
around the world such as those in the Philippines, it is not like other places.
Foreigners come to the English-speaking Philippines and expect it to be like a
suburb of Los Angeles, London, or New York City. It's not.

Filipinos traveling to the island would not be taken aback by the fact that
electricity comes only at a scheduled set time of the day. We have come to
depend on government services only to the extent that we know those services
would fail at times and we are prepared for it. What Filipino family, high or
low, does not have a store of candles ready at a moment's notice? But that does
not mean the Philippines is some destitute, backward country. It does mean that
government services are lacking and government policies are often way behind the
year it says on your calendar.

If you happen to check the Internet about Talicud Island, you may get the
impression that the only accommodations are somewhat expensive. You would be
right. The listed prices are about the same in many instances as what you would
pay for a hotel room and food at a major hotel. Don't misunderstand me. On
Talicud Island I believe that you get the value for the price you pay. But the
perception is the problem. That is the same for the country.

Ask your neighbor or officemate about Philippines corruption and they will
probably answer that the Philippines is one of the most corrupt countries on the
planet. They might even point you to several surveys that prove their point.
However, those surveys are based on the perception of the people answering the
questions.

The fact is a good portion of the answers comes from people who have never come
to the Philippines or done any business here. Their perception comes from a
conversation over drinks in a bar in Hong Kong, Chicago, or Rome. Having done
business in several countries on four continents, corruption in the Philippines
can be greater or lesser than other places.

Unfortunately, even this administration has done little to change the negative
perception that is keeping foreign investors out. Back in the early 1970s, Hong
Kong had a corruption problem and the colonial government thought it could move
global perception with slogans and speeches.

The Independent Commission Against Corruption (Icac) was formed in 1974
answering only to the governor of Hong Kong. The police's Anti-Corruption Branch
was perceived by the people as the cops who got to the scene of the crime before
the crime was committed. While the Icac started making arrests and actually
putting people in jail, what turned the tide of local and global perception was
television advertisements.

Icac ran commercials showing them knocking on the door and arresting
medium-level public officials, with the wife and kids watching, that looked just
like an average neighbor. When the public complains about the "big fish" never
getting caught, the silent message is that the "little fish" probably can get
away with it, too. But when some of the medium-level crooks were arrested,
suddenly they started telling stories about the "big fish" and corruption was
reduced significantly.

But the most positive change was the perception of Hong Kong being a cesspool of
corruption to the government being serious.

Being at Talicud Island helps you remember that the Philippines has something to
offer that is different and can be better than most other places. It all depends
on what you are looking for and what your expectations are. This country has
business opportunities that can be better than any of its neighbors. It is only
a matter realizing that we must compete as we are not and try to be an imitation
of the rest. Talicud Island is not Boracay and no one would want it to be.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                October 2, 2006

N.O. needs strong inspector general

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 387  words


The New Orleans City Council had a great idea when it voted Sept. 19 to create
the office of inspector general. The inspector general would have a twofold
mission: Help coordinate receipt and use of post-Katrina recovery funding and
investigate any occurrence of corruption by city officials.

The inspector general would be an independent office capable of investigating
all contracts entered into by the mayor. Mayor C. Ray Nagin reportedly is in
favor of such an office, which will come up for a final vote Oct. 19. The office
of inspector general is desperately needed today in New Orleans with billions in
federal aid available to match billions worth of post-Katrina needs. Yet, the
opportunity threatens to overwhelm and escape a city administration reduced to
half its pre-Katrina size. And corruption is a real threat to the recovery,
particularly with such vast sums at stake. Miami, a world-class Florida city
with a long history of sweeping up hurricane debris, has found an inspector
general to be invaluable in expediting storm recovery. But Roland Malan,
executive director of the Philadelphia-based Association of Inspector Generals,
said installing an inspector general is not easy politically. "In the final
analysis, what it amounts to is folks who take that position, whether they
intend it or not, are sending a message that they don't want oversight and they
don't want an openness to their government," Malan said. The New Orleans
ordinance would give the inspector general unfettered power to audit and
investigate "fraud, corruption, conflicts of interest, waste, abuse,
inefficiency, poor performance and illegal acts" in city government. District D
Councilwoman Cynthia Hedge-Morrell wants to limit just how far back the
inspector general can look. That should not be done. Miami Inspector General
Chris Mazzella said limitations on potential inspector general investigations
are tantamount to grandfathering in corruption. The New Orleans City Council
intends to conduct a national search for the inspector general if the plan
passes. The officeholder would be paid an estimated $150,000. New Orleans
desperately needs to inject speed, efficiency and safeguards against corruption
into its dawdling recovery process. If an inspector general can do that, it is a
small price to pay for a vast service.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 8, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ohio Republican tied to ex-lobbyist scraps House run

BYLINE: Jill Lawrence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 450 words


WASHINGTON -- The political corruption scandal surrounding convicted lobbyist
Jack Abramoff claimed another victim Monday when Ohio Republican Bob Ney said he
would not run for a seventh House term.

House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California called Ney's withdrawal
"welcome news in our fight to end the Republican culture of corruption."
Republicans, however, said their odds of holding Ney's heavily Republican
district got better.

Joy Padgett, a state senator who represents many of Ney's constituents, declared
her candidacy for a special primary election to be scheduled after Ney formally
withdraws. The district is "ruby red" and sure to stay Republican, said Rep. Tom
Reynolds of New York, head of the House Republican campaign committee.

The Justice Department is investigating allegations that Ney took gifts, trips
and campaign donations from Abramoff and his clients in exchange for official
actions. Ney denies wrongdoing and says he decided to spare his family. "I can
no longer put them through this ordeal," he said in a statement.

Ralph Reed, a former Abramoff friend and associate, last month lost a primary
race for lieutenant governor in Georgia.

Former House majority leader Tom DeLay, also associated with Abramoff, resigned
his Texas seat to fight charges back home that he illegally funneled corporate
funds to state legislative races. DeLay denies wrongdoing. Two former DeLay
aides pleaded guilty in the Abramoff case.

Federal investigators have been looking into Abramoff-financed gifts, meals and
trips accepted by lawmakers and aides, and official actions by lawmakers that
have helped Abramoff clients. Ney's former chief of staff has pleaded guilty in
the case.

More than 200 members of Congress, mostly Republicans, accepted campaign
donations from Abramoff, his clients and political allies. Sen. Conrad Burns,
R-Mont., who took about $150,000, was the top recipient. Burns says his efforts
to help an Indian tribe represented by Abramoff were not influenced by
contributions. He said last year the donations were legal but he would return
them.

Ney said this summer that he would run whatever happened on the legal front and
let his constituents decide his fate.

House Majority Leader John Boehner spoke with Ney and Padgett in the past few
days as Ney was making his decision, said Boehner spokesman Kevin Madden. He
said Boehner encouraged Padgett to run.

DeLay and Ney both won primaries earlier this year. DeLay has tried to get off
the Nov. 7 ballot, but courts have agreed with Democrats who say his name must
stay there.

Under Ohio law, Ney can withdraw by notifying the election board in his
district's largest county at least 80 days before the general election.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              July 6, 1992, Monday

Was FBI thwarted in probe of BCCI?

BYLINE: By Peter Mantius STAFF WRITERinvestigations; police; corruption;
banking; fraud; law; chronologies; lists

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 1

LENGTH: 1252 words


The former head of the FBI in Atlanta said federal prosecutors stripped him of
his usual authority in a grand jury probe of Georgia political corruption
involving the Bank of Credit and Commerce International.

"It was never in the hands of the FBI to exercise its normal investigative
prerogatives," said William L. Hinshaw II.

Mr. Hinshaw, 50, served as head of the FBI in Atlanta from 1989 through April,
when he retired and became inspector general of the Tennessee Valley Authority.

His statements come amid the growing perception that the Atlanta grand jury
probe of BCCI has stalled. Grand juries in at least seven cities are
investigating aspects of the case.

Founded in 1972, BCCI expanded into 70-odd countries and aspired to become the
largest bank in the Third World. Chartered in Luxembourg, it was run by
Pakistanis from headquarters in London.

Regulators worldwide seized the bank a year ago Sunday. In January, BCCI's
liquidators pleaded guilty on behalf of the bank to charges of racketeering,
fraud and laundering of drug money on a huge international scale. They also
agreed to forfeit BCCI's U.S. assets, estimated at $ 550 million.

Jack Blum, a Washington, D.C., lawyer credited with exposing BCCI as the biggest
scandal in banking history, and several congressional investigators say they are
surprised that the Atlanta grand jury hasn't returned indictments.

"I don't get it," Mr. Blum said last week. "Atlanta and the Georgia
Legislature's role should have been a major focus."

Although the grand jury last December interviewed a number of prominent Georgia
officials, including Gov. Zell Miller and House Speaker Tom Murphy, none is
expected to be charged.

In an arrangement he called "extremely atypical," Mr. Hinshaw said prosecutors,
not the FBI, determined the investigative strategy for the BCCI case. That meant
the FBI had to agree to actions that it felt would hurt the case, Mr. Hinshaw
said.

For example, shortly after the BCCI scandal broke last summer and before the FBI
had completed its investigation, the prosecutors decided to interview Charlie
Jones, a Hinesville, Ga., lawyer who accepted $ 1.3 million in "lobbying fees"
to help BCCI amend Georgia's banking law.

Mr. Hinshaw said he voiced his opposition and refused to send an FBI agent to
the interview, but he later backed off and went along at the direction of U.S.
Attorney Joe Whitley.

"I had questions about whether we should interview Charlie Jones with his
counsel at first before we had the facts to round out the case," Mr. Hinshaw
explained. "You don't start out by interviewing your chief witness."

Mr. Hinshaw said he respects Mr. Whitley and does not view the decision to
restrict the FBI as "an integrity issue." Rather, he said, it was a legitimate
difference of opinion "like two mechanics might have over how to fix a car."

Later, in October, Mr. Jones asked for and obtained a letter from Mr. Whitley
stating that Mr. Jones is not a target of the probe. Mr. Hinshaw said he wasn't
aware of the letter.

When queried last week about the progress of the BCCI investigation, Mr. Whitley
would not discuss Mr. Hinshaw's comments or how witnesses in the investigation
were handled.

A distracted prosecutor?

Mr. Whitley said he had decided to replace the lead Atlanta prosecutor in the
case, Gale McKenzie, so that she can devote full attention to another
controversial banking investigation.

For the past year, Ms. McKenzie has directed both the BCCI investigation and an
Italian bank fraud case involving $ 5 billion in loans to Iraq. The Iraqi loan
scandal has taken Ms. McKenzie to Europe and thrust her into a contentious
political issue that reaches deep into the Bush administration and election-year
politics.

Mr. Blum and congressional investigators have expressed concern that Mr. Whitley
assigned the case to an assistant U.S. attorney who already was handling the
biggest financial prosecution ever in Atlanta.

Before being appointed U.S. attorney, Mr. Whitley represented one of the
companies under scrutiny in the Iraq investigation, and he has removed himself
from any involvement in that case.

Mr. Blum said it is inexcusable that the BCCI case has been handled by a
distracted lead prosecutor.

"I no longer accept the proposition that 'we don't have resources.' It's up to
them to get the resources," Mr. Blum said.

Mr. Whitley acknowledged that Ms. McKenzie hadn't been able to work the BCCI
case full time, but he said other prosecutors remained active in it. "It hasn't
languished for lack of attention," he said.

Mixed record of prosecution

The Justice Department has had a mixed record in prosecuting BCCI.

It indicted BCCI and several of its mid-level officials on money- laundering
charges in 1988. But it didn't follow up then on Mr. Blum's evidence that BCCI
also held secret and illegal control of banks in Washington, D.C., and Atlanta.
Mr. Blum turned to Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau, who was the
first prosecutor to indict BCCI's top officers.

After months of chilly relations between Mr. Morgenthau and the Justice
Department, the two offices appear to be cooperating.

Both want to extradite Agha Hasan Abedi, the founder and longtime chief of BCCI,
from Pakistan. Both have indicted Mr. Abedi and Ghaith Pharaon, the BCCI front
man who claimed to own National Bank of Georgia from 1978 through 1987.

Going around the law

BCCI was always prohibited from U.S. banking, but it found ways around the law
and used Georgia as its first U.S. foothold.

Eugene Holley, a former state senator from Augusta, introduced Mr. Abedi to Bert
Lance in 1977, when Mr. Lance was serving as President Jimmy Carter's federal
budget director.

Mr. Lance introduced Mr. Abedi to longtime Washington lawyer Clark Clifford, who
later represented BCCI in Washington and served as chairman of the capital's
largest bank, BCCI-controlled First American Bankshares. In return, Mr. Abedi
helped Mr. Lance sell his shares in the National Bank of Georgia at a handsome
price to Mr. Pharaon.

Eventually Mr. Lance introduced Mr. Abedi to Mr. Carter, leading to an $ 8
million BCCI contribution to Mr. Carter's Global 2000 foundation.

Mr. Pharaon also invested in insurance firms and CenTrust, a Miami savings
institution that failed at a cost to U.S. taxpayers that will approach $ 2
billion. The Justice Department has indicted Mr. Pharaon in connection with
fraudulent securities deals between BCCI and CenTrust.

During the late 1980s, Mr. Jones frequently associated with Mr. Pharaon. He set
up several meetings between Mr. Pharaon and U.S. Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.), and he
met with regulators who were proposing a hard line against CenTrust. Those
matters have been investigated by a federal grand jury in Miami.

Focus on Georgia law change

The Atlanta federal grand jury has focused on BCCI's lobbying efforts to amend
Georgia law to allow First American Bankshares to buy the National Bank of
Georgia.

BCCI already secretly controlled both banks when it sought to merge them in
1987. But it pursued the deal, and the change in Georgia law, because Mr.
Pharaon was in financial trouble and faced pressure from his creditors. By
selling NBG to First American, BCCI was removing its Atlanta bank from the reach
of Mr. Pharaon's creditors.

The deal was completed in late 1987.

BCCI's liquidators have pleaded guilty on behalf of the bank to other serious
crimes in Georgia, but the individuals involved have yet to be charged, or even
named.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH921910259

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 25, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Serpico Redux

SECTION: Section A; Page 30; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 352 words


Frank Serpico achieved national acclaim -- and was nearly killed in the line of
duty -- when he revealed corruption within the New York City Police Department a
quarter-century ago. Appearing at Tuesday's City Council hearings on a new anti-
corruption bill, Mr. Serpico urged the city to create an agency to monitor
police misconduct and "an atmosphere where the crooked cop fears the honest cop,
and not the other way around." Mr. Serpico's testimony was especially powerful
because it echoed sentiments he expressed so dramatically before the Knapp
commission hearings in 1972 -- as well as testimony by others at the Mollen
commission hearings in 1994.

Despite the obvious need for an independent anti-corruption agency, City Hall
continues to fight it. The City Council passed legislation creating such an
agency in 1994, but Mayor Rudolph Giuliani vetoed the bill. When the Council
overrode the veto, the Mayor successfully challenged the bill in court on the
grounds that it illegally impinged on executive authority. The Council Speaker,
Peter Vallone, has now amended the bill and plans to pass it through the Council
next week.

Mr. Vallone rightly maintains that the Police Department is incapable of
policing itself consistently and will lapse into complacency when public
attention fades. His proposed Independent Police Investigation and Audit Board
would leave the primary responsibility for rooting out corruption with the
police commissioner, the department's Internal Affairs Bureau and the district
attorneys. The board would confer with and advise those offices, but, crucially,
it would also have its own investigators and subpoena powers.

The board would consist of five people chosen by the mayor, in consultation with
the City Council. It would make recommendations to the Police Department on the
formulation and institution of anti-corruption programs, and could also suggest
structural improvements in the mechanisms to control misconduct. Instead of
battling a good idea, Mr. Giuliani should give in and provide the city what it
needs to keep police corruption at bay.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           April 15, 1992, Wednesday

S.C. sting snared dozens

BYLINE: By Darryl Fears STAFF WRITERlegislatures; corruption; ethics;
investigations; kentucky

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 445 words


Kentucky was hit with news of its FBI sting just as the scars of a similar
federal investigation in South Carolina were beginning to heal.

In that case, dubbed Operation Lost Trust, the FBI videotaped a lobbyist handing
out bribes for a fictitious pari-mutuel betting bill. The sting resulted in 28
indictments, including seven lobbyists and 17 South Carolina legislators.
Twenty-seven were either convicted or pleaded guilty; one was found innocent.

Each Kentucky official claimed there was no wrongdoing on his part or that he is
not a target of the FBI's investigation.

All the same, each is expected to explain his role in passing 1988 legislation
permitting a thoroughbred racetrack in Henderson to allow wagering on races
televised from other tracks.

A 1984 banking law that allowed out-of-state banks to purchase smaller local
banks also is being questioned.

There may be suspicions of payoffs to legislators for committee votes on both
bills, but the FBI has declined to elaborate.

In fact, spokesman Phillip Doty said the FBI is "neither confirming nor denying"
that an investigation is under way.

Yet the alleged investigation, which one newspaper called the broadest probe of
public corruption in the history of Kentucky, already is reforming the Capitol
and has ended one career.

On March 31, Kentucky Utilities fired Mr. Spurrier, who had worked there for 30
years and was chairman of the state Harness Racing Commission for 11 years
before resigning in December. The utility declined to give a reason for the
dismissal.

Last week, Gov. Brereton Jones called a special legislative session on a new
ethics law that would limit lobbyist spending to $ 100 per legislator.

The FBI sting is especially painful in this year's anti-incumbent climate, as
voters react to reports of congressional check overdrafts during a prolonged
recession.  "It will affect my vote," said Stuart Ecton of Lexington. "I'm
voting for the challengers."

"You feel they let you down," said Ralph Gouge of Frankfort. "Not that they're
not human, but you hope they'll be above things like this."

Around the state General Assembly, lawmakers are equally somber, saying that if
lawmakers are on the take, they should be weeded out.

"What we're doing is sitting back," said freshman Sen. Susan Johns, a
tough-talking Louisville Democrat. "If anybody in the Senate chamber knows they
are guilty, they should stand up and resign instead of dragging other people
through the mud."

Her refrain echoes through the Capitol.

"Obviously," said Rep. Martin Sheehan of Covington, "it casts a bad light, not
just on those being investigated, but everybody. And that's just sad."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Holding an FBI subpoena, Kentucky state Sen. John Rogers (R-
Somerset) talks with reporters recently in Frankfort / The Associated Press

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 7, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

CORRUPTION IN UNIFORM: CHRONOLOGY;
Tracking Police Corruption Over the Years

BYLINE: By CRAIG WOLFF

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 3;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 877 words



Sept. 23, 1986: More than a decade after the Knapp Commission focused wide
attention on corruption among the police and after years of relative quiet, the
police department is rocked by the arrests of eleven officers from the 77th
Precinct in Bedford-Stuvesant who knocked down doors, stole money and drugs from
drug dealers and resold the stolen drugs. The "Buddy Boys" case is the
department's first major corruption scandal since the Knapp Commission exposed
organized "pads" that ran extortion operations out of nearly every precinct
house. It was out of the Knapp Commission that the Internal Affairs Division was
born.

Oct. 31, 1986: Twenty-seven supervisors are transferred out of the precinct by
Commissioner Benjamin Ward, but no need is seen for an investigation of the
department's anti-corruption efforts.

March 1991: Apparently no corruption troubles are in sight. The state disbands
the office of Special Prosecutor for corruption and agres to give money to the
district attorneys to fight corruption. To date, only a fraction of the money
promised has been delivered.

May 7, 1992: A group of six New York City police officers, led by Officer
Michael Dowd, are arrested for cocaine trafficking by the Suffolk County police,
raising a host of questions about oversign and the Blue Wall of Silence. Why
didn't the department's own investigators uncover the scandal in light of
flagrant misconduct over many years by Officer Dowd? Had the department looked
the other way? One person, anyway, sees no major cracks. Police Commissioner Lee
P. Brown calls the department's system for weeding out corruption "a system that
police agencies across the country look to."

June 25, 1992: Mayor David N. Dinkins announces the creation of a special panel
to investigate corruption, and as its head, names Milton Mollen, a former judge
and former Deputy Mayor for public safety, as well as a close friend.
Commissioner Brown, who opposed the panel, was conspicuously absent from the
announcement.

June 29, 1992: Commissioner Brown finally acknowledges a problem. He announces
tougher anti-corruption measures that on the surface seem rather basic.
Investigators will finally be supplied with modern surveillance equipment and
even new cars that will help them avoid detection from officers under scrutiny.
He also asks his top deputy, Raymond W. Kelly, to prepare a report on why the
department failed to stop Officer Dowd. But law enforcement officials say the
response is too late, that the Internal Affairs Division had been bungling cases
for years. One officials calls it a "secret waiting to come out."

July 30, 1992: More problems for Michael Dowd. He is arrested on Federal charges
that he took huge weekly cash payments from drug gangs. Officials say he offered
protection from police raids and in return took in as much as $8,000 a week.

Nov. 16, 1992: Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly announces a major revamping of the
Internal Affairs monitoring system, starting with an upgrading of its status to
Internal Affairs Bureau and creating more accountability among investigators.
Mollen Commission officials say the changes do not go nearly far enough.

Sept. 27, 1993: The Mollen Commission begins the city's first public hearings on
police corruption in more than 20 years with a star witness: Michael Dowd. He
says that early in his career other officers indoctrinated him with the
attitude: "never rat against another cop." There is testimony from a hooded
informant named "Mr. X" and from former police officials and investigators who
reveal tales of corruption and brutality in the 9th Precinct in the East Village
and in many of the city's minority communities. It is learned that Internal
Affairs has long maintained a secret "tickler" file for charges made against its
own investigators, rather than pass the allegations on to prosecutors.

Dec. 28, 1993: An interim report released by the Mollen Commission is a sign of
things to come. The commission declares the department "incompetent" in policing
itself.

March 8, 1994: The commission produces its first criminal case when three
officers from the 73d Precinct in Brownsville are charged with dealing drugs,
usually while on duty. The officers called themselves the Morgue Boys because
they often met divide their profits outside a factory that had once manufactured
refrigerators for morgues.

March 18, 1994: Three officers from the 30th Precinct are caught on videotape
beating up Harlem residents and stealing drugs and cash. Eleven more officers
from the precinct will eventually be arrested. And another new police
commissioner, William J. Bratton, tries to put his own stamp on the corruption
battle. He pronounces that no one will ever wear the badges of the arrested
officers. To date, he has transferred eight of 22 supervisors from the precinct,
as well as 25 of the precinct's 191 officers, many on suspicions that they knew
about corruption but did not tell.

July 6, 1994: The Commission's final report is issued. Its central proposal is
the creation of an independent commission, appointed by the Mayor, to review
police department efforts to eliminate corruption and to conduct its own
investigations.   CRAIG WOLFF

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Chronology

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 19, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

What, Me Greedy?

BYLINE: By Richard L. Berke;  Richard L. Berke is the national political
correspondent of The New York Times.

SECTION: Section 7; Page 15; Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 677 words



THE CORRUPTION OF AMERICAN POLITICS
 What Went Wrong and Why.
 By Elizabeth Drew.
 278 pp. Secaucus, N.J.:
 Birch Lane Press. $21.95.

In a dazzling display of disingenuous politics, President Clinton and Speaker
Newt Gingrich shook hands one Sunday afternoon in New Hampshire four years ago,
vowing to establish a "blue-ribbon commission" on campaign finance reform. The
idea, by design, got no farther than Manchester.

Elizabeth Drew explains the feint in her book "The Corruption of American
Politics": "Clinton, knowing that Gingrich didn't really want reform, made some
let's-pretend moves toward naming commission members -- exploiting, as he so
often did, well-meaning and even distinguished figures." That scene in New
Hampshire exemplifies the utter resistance by leaders in both parties to
tampering with a campaign finance system that many of those same politicians
denounce as corrupt. It also helps explain why, after interminable publicity
about fund-raising transgressions in the 1996 Presidential campaign, nothing has
changed.

While Drew is a respected chronicler of the Washington scene, her book does not
depict the debasement of politics over the last 25 years with exceptional new
insights or heart-stopping revelations. Yet she nimbly brings to life the
machinations on Capitol Hill and the White House with fresh perspective,
behind-the-scenes detail and convincing analysis. The book reads as if she had
set out to recount the Congressional hearings two years ago on campaign finance
irregularities but broadened her scope because the proceedings never drew much
public interest -- and what notice they did get was quickly drowned out by the
Lewinsky imbroglio.

In fact, Drew's examination of campaign finance makes a compelling narrative.
She had access to pivotal players, most notably Senator Fred Thompson, the
Tennessee Republican who was chairman of the Senate hearings and comes off as a
sympathetic -- if at times nave -- figure. She skillfully shows how Tom DeLay of
Texas, the House majority leader, and Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, head
of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, suffocated attempts at reform.

Broadly speaking, it is the same tired story: politicians do not want to mess
with the system that brought them to Washington in the first place. But Drew
demonstrates how Democrats and Republicans were so determined to protect
themselves that they successfully shut down Thompson's hearings. Republican
leaders feared that the committee would turn its spotlight on conservative
groups and fund-raising practices of the Republican Senatorial Committee.
Clinton was not eager for reform because his pollster, Mark Penn, repeatedly
told him, "The public doesn't care." Moreover, the White House feared that
prolonged hearings would prod Attorney General Janet Reno to appoint an
independent counsel to examine Vice President Gore's fund raising. Beyond
campaign finance, Drew paints a picture of a Congress that is sullied more than
ever by personal pettiness and furious partisanship.

A disconcerting thread running throughout the book is that Drew, not known for
hyperbole, offers choice assessments of the intellectual capacity of this
nation's elected leaders. Among Republicans, Senator Rick Santorum of
Pennsylvania was "unburdened by brilliance." Senator Don Nickles of Oklahoma was
"energetic and none too bright." Representative Dan Burton of Indiana was so
"hapless" that Thompson and other Republicans "were uncomfortable about sharing
the stage with him." Recalling the role of Democrats at the hearings, Drew
writes that Senator John Glenn of Ohio was "a whiny bore." Senator Daniel K.
Akaka of Hawaii was "often a room-emptier because of the thinness of his
thought." And Senator Max Cleland of Georgia was "out of his depth." Given this
cast of characters, Drew offers a conclusion that is unsettling but not
surprising. She questions whether "there can ever be a dispassionate,
nonpartisan and close-in examination of the campaign finance system by the
Congress."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 22, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PHILADELPHIA TAKES ON ITS COPS ON THE TAKE

BYLINE: By LINDSEY GRUSON

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 3; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


Police corruption has been a staple of life here for years.

In 1924, at the request of state officials, Washington dispatched General
Smedley D. Butler to help clean up the department and, while he was at it, the
rest of the city. In the first week of the general's offensive, he closed 600
saloons and made 2,000 arrests.

But that only skimmed the surface - there were 13,000 speakeasies in
Philadelphia at the time. And alarmed politicians soon interceded. Magistrates
began dismissing cases against violators almost as fast as General Butler's
troops could haul them into court. ''Trying to enforce the law in
Philadelphia,'' the general said later, ''was worse than any battle I was ever
in.''

Since General Butler's experience, scores of reformers have joined the battle
from time to time. Five special grand jury investigations of the police
department have been launched in this century alone. All have exposed pervasive
corruption, but none has succeeded in uprooting it.

''Corruption has been very much part of the culture of the bureaucracy,'' said
Herman Goldstein, a professor of law at the University of Wisconsin who has
written extensively about police graft in Philadelphia and other cities. ''There
may be periods of reform. But those who are so inclined just go into the
woodwork and come out again when the atmosphere is more conducive.''

Last week Mayor W. Wilson Goode announced the latest package of measures to
combat police corruption. The plan includes the appointment of a special
prosecutor with a minimum term of five years; requiring polygraph, or
lie-detector, tests of senior officers in line for promotion, and strengthening
the department's internal affairs unit.

The regulations are the first part of what the Mayor said would be a broad
campaign to eliminate graft. ''We have to make structural changes so the police
understand corruption won't be tolerated,'' he said. ''The police have to
understand that if it happens again, it will be found out and they'll go to
jail.''

A ''Blue Wall'' Crumbling

The Mayor's drive comes on the heels of reports that an expanding Federal
investigation of graft has targeted one, and possibly two, elected officials.
The investigation, which is in its fourth year, so far has led to the conviction
of 26 officers, including the department's former second in command, four
inspectors and three captains. The inquiry, which has for the most part
concentrated on suspected extortion schemes, began after an officer demanded
payoffs from the operator of a massage parlor.

In interviews last week, Federal prosecutors, who have bitterly criticized City
Hall for failing to crack down on graft, said corruption was widespread and
involved officers of all ranks. They added that 11 officers facing long prison
terms are cooperating with the probe, shattering the ''blue wall of silence''
that so often stymies investigations of police corruption.

Mayor Goode's program has been greeted with a storm of protest. The City
Council's majority leader called it an attempt to stifle dissent within the
department. The secretary of the association that represents the city's 7,000
police officers threatened to sue. In addition, a spokesman for the State
Attorney General, LeRoy S. Zimmerman, who would have to appoint the special
prosecutor, said state law prohibits him from naming a prosecutor at the Mayor's
request.

Mr. Goode's plan is modeled on one implemented by New York City in the early
1970's after the Knapp Commission uncovered extensive corruption. That program
is credited with turning the New York department into what authoritites consider
to be one of the most honest forces in the country.

The Mayor also wants to hire police commanders from outside the city ''to bring
in new blood.'' Some local critics, as well as several nationally recognized
experts on police corruption, say such a move could, among other things,
undermine the city's civil service system.

''To the degree that there is political interference there is trouble,'' said
Neil J. Behan, chief of the 1,400-officer Baltimore County Police Department and
the former chief of patrol in New York City. Professor Goldstein said corruption
in Philadelphia appears to be cyclical and it appears to be accepted as a fact
of life.

Indeed, this attitude of resignation has hobbled past efforts to clean up
Philadelphia's police force. The Pennsylvania Crime Commission, which
spearheaded the last effort, noted this syndrome in 1974. It expressed the fear
that ''if another investigative body were called upon to examine the department
ten years from now it would find little change.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     OCTOBER 10, 2003 Friday CITY-D EDITION

FBI probe raises questions on race, politics;
Noting similar cases, some think bias drives inquiries.
An ex-official says Justice works hard to avoid that.

BYLINE: Steve Goldstein INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1129 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A minority mayor of a large city and a federal corruption probe seemingly timed,
critics say, to inflict maximum political damage. Where have we seen this
before?

A number of suspects have ended up in that particular lineup, including Detroit,
Newark, Denver and Atlanta, among other cities and states.

The discovery of an FBI bug in Mayor Street's office has raised questions of
whether there is a historical bias in the Justice Department and whether a probe
allegedly instigated under a Republican administration and Attorney General John
Ashcroft could be racially or politically motivated.

There are those in Philadelphia's black communities and Mayor Street's campaign
office who say that is just what is behind the bugging episode.

One scholarly analysis suggested there was racial and partisan bias in federal
political-corruption prosecutions as recently as the early 1990s, under the
administration of George H.W. Bush. But the analysis of four presidential
administrations indicates the inequity has declined over the years.

Yet a former high-ranking Justice official who served in that administration
said FBI requests for undercover operations were scrupulously reviewed for signs
of racial and political taint.

Political targeting is more likely to be wished-for than acted upon by top
Justice officials, who are party appointees. Investigations are usually
initiated by career prosecutors, even at the U.S. Attorney level, prosecutors
and political analysts say.

"It takes a whole lot to reach down into the [Justice Department] bureaucracy
and make them do anything like this," said Suzanne R. Garment, a lawyer who has
written about political-corruption cases.

Political analyst Larry Sabato, who has studied scandals involving public
officials, said his research had not unearthed a determined partisan agenda.

"The prosecutors are remarkably apolitical, once you get below the top level,"
Sabato said. "The professional prosecutors think there are a lot of crooks in
public office."

Although black mayors of big cities, such as Marion Barry (District of
Columbia), Sharpe James (Newark), Coleman Young (Detroit), and Wellington Webb
(Denver), are often cited as political and racial targets, others point to the
high-profile prosecutions of former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards; former
Providence, R.I., Mayor Buddy Cianci; and former New Jersey Sen. Robert
Torricelli, all of whom are white.

Just a rumor of an investigation can be almost as damaging as a probe itself. In
1989, a leak of a supposed financial investigation by the Justice Department
occurred as Rep. William Gray 3d (D., Pa.) was running for a leadership position
in the House. An investigation of the leak was not conclusive, but an official
in the office of Republican U.S. Attorney General (and former Pennsylvania
governor) Dick Thornburgh resigned.

Most public-corruption investigations are handled locally by the top federal
prosecutor, the U.S. attorney. If the case is controversial or there is a
conflict of interest, it can be taken over by the Justice Department's Public
Integrity Section in Washington.

Ronald K. Noble, a former deputy assistant attorney general under President
George H.W. Bush, said that, in his experience, the evidence drove the inquiry
in federal official-corruption investigations. Issues of race and political
affiliation "determine the kind of scrutiny that will be brought to the
investigation to make sure it's fair," he said.

"The more sensitive the case, the less likely high-ranking people in the Justice
Department will get involved," said Noble, an African American who heads
Interpol, the international police agency. Noble was a Philadelphia-based
assistant U.S. attorney during the 1980s and investigated the MOVE bombing.

In 1980, U.S. Attorney General Benjamin Civiletti issued guidelines for
undercover operations that were revised in 1989. The guidelines established the
undercover review committee, which vets all FBI requests for wiretaps, listening
devices, and other undercover operations.

Typically, the committee includes FBI agents, one or two Justice Department
lawyers, and perhaps assistant U.S. attorneys or even a prosecutor from the
locality of the investigation.

"All potential sensitivities are discussed," said Noble, who served on several
such committees. This could range from whether a bug is put into a bar where
alcohol is served and there is the potential for violence, to a target's race or
political affiliation or any other issue that could taint the probe.

"The FBI undercover review committee was created in order to ensure that
undercover investigations are properly initiated and conducted," Noble said. "My
experience was that there was very professional analysis of these
investigations, and the participants were even more scrupulous that it was
driven by alleged criminal activity and not other improper considerations."

Undercover operations apart, an academic analysis suggests that federal
corruption targets were sometimes chosen for their race or political
affiliation.

In a study titled "Political Corruption in the American States," Thomas
Schlesinger and Kenneth J. Meier examined federal law-enforcement prosecutions
over nearly two decades.

During the most recent period, 1986 through 1995, they found that under
Presidents Ronald Reagan and Bush, states that had more black elected officials
and that were under Democratic control had a higher rate of prosecutions. In the
first years of the Clinton administration, 1993-95, there was no significant
relationship between racial and party factors and the level of prosecutions,
they found.

The authors note, however, that they looked at only three years of the Clinton
administration.

Meier, who teaches at Texas A&M University, said the level of targeting "is not
as strong as it was in the period 1977-87 [under Presidents Jimmy Carter and
Reagan] when both parties appeared to target black public officials and the
Reagan administration appeared to target Democrats."

So, in comparing the two studies, Meier said it appeared targeting had declined
over time. He wrote that there might be two reasons for this. First, when
targeting became more apparent - the NAACP was highly critical of the Reagan
administration - the increase in public scrutiny caused targeting to drop.

Second, there are fewer one-party dominant states now as, for instance,
Republicans have made strong inroads into the South. "Our crude measure of
partisan targeting works best when a single party dominates the electoral
process in the state," Meier wrote.

Contact staff writer Steve Goldstein at 202-383-6048 or
slgoldstein@krwashington.com.

Inquirer staff writer Rose Ciotta contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Controversy in City Hall

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
Buddy Cianci's investigation led the R.I. mayor to jail.
Robert Torricelli was under investigation while a senator.
Rep. William Gray, in '89, was rumored to be a probe target.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 2, 1987, Monday, Late City Final Edition

METRO MATTERS;
THE YARDSTICK OF CORRUPTION IS IMPRESSIONISTIC

BYLINE: By SAM ROBERTS

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 827 words


A year has elapsed since the first formal charges were lodged in New York's
corruption scandal, but anyone who had hoped that the scandal would have faded
away by now is in for some rude reminders.

More charges against public officials are believed to be imminent: The
sentencings in the Parking Violations Bureau racketeering case are scheduled for
a week from today.

''This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is,
perhaps, the end of the beginning.'' That was how Winston Churchill reacted to
Britain's rout of Rommel, and how Kenneth Conboy, Mayor Koch's Investigation
Commissioner, recently described the convictions in the parking bureau case.

Nobody knows yet when or where the scandal will end, or how harshly those who
presided during this period will be judged by the voters, let alone by history.
But an anniversary seems like a good point to lend some perspective to a series
of investigations that, too glibly perhaps, have been compared to the Tweed and
Walker scandals. A year ago, Mr. Koch joked that this was only the worst scandal
since the Lindsay administration. These days he bars parallels.

''I'm never going to be in a position where I denigrate the corruption and say
it's less than occurred in other administrations,'' Mr. Koch said the other day,
''because then you're appearing to be defensive.''

It is difficult to quantify corruption, so comparisons are, by necessity,
impressionistic. What constitutes the best yardstick? The number of officials
accused and convicted? The number of boroughs or city agencies examined by
investigators? Or the dollar amount that was plundered - adjusted for inflation?
Is it fair to keep cloaking seemingly isolated cases of corruption within city
government and coincidental cases involving state and Federal officials in one
seamless garment called ''the scandal''?

By any measure, the municipal corruption scandal is significant. One borough
president killed himself as prosecutors closed in. At least two others are under
investigation. Two former city officials and the former Democratic leader of the
Bronx were found guilty in the parking bureau case. The former Taxi and
Limousine Commissioner is on trial and the former Transportation Commissioner
has been indicted. Others, although never formally charged, ended their reign
under a cloud.

''It's almost academic whether this is the biggest or the second biggest because
what was proven in court was a pattern of corruption, not an individual bribe or
two,'' said Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, who
prosecuted the parking bureau case.

''I would say this is different and in many ways more significant,'' said Mr.
Conboy, because the corruption has manifested itself with such variety - in
contracting, franchising, land use, regulation, procurement, subsidies and
patronage. ''In a sense,'' he said, ''it's bigger because there are so many
different government functions, each one of which could be the subject of a
scandal.''

Indeed, one of the challenges facing Joseph A. Califano Jr., the chairman of a
new state investigative commission whose purview also includes state corruption,
is which scandals to pursue. Mr. Califano said he has ''the most sweeping
executive order any governor has issued, and that must reflect something about
the scandal.''

The context of what Mr. Califano called a ''once-in-a-generation opportunity'' -
to uncover corruption and demonstrate its relevance to the public, in order to
foster reform -differs from traditional cycles of scandal on several counts. For
one, Mr. Koch's personal honesty has not been impugned; for another, he was
elected as a reformer.

''We're not through yet, but the scale so far of this compared to before World
War II is not very high,'' said a professor at City University of New York, Dr.
Richard Wade, who is an occasional critic of Mr. Koch. ''At that time, the
expectations were that if a fellow served out his term and wasn't in jail he was
a reformer. But you always have to measure the size of a scandal against
expectations and the expectations are higher now.''

In 1977, Mr. Koch defeated a sitting Mayor in the combined wake of the Watergate
scandal in Washington and the city's fiscal crisis; a similar climate of
corruption and perceived incompetence could prove uncomfortable for incumbents
again.

''The American people don't mind grafting, but they hate scandals,'' a
Philadelphia politician once told Lincoln Steffens. ''They don't kick so much on
a jiggered public contract for a boulevard, but they want the boulevard and no
fuss and no dust.''

Even after a year, it is too soon to predict whether this scandal will
overshadow Mr. Koch's accomplishments. His administration is not yet over.
Neither, however, are the investigations of government. Already, they have
outgrown the umbrella name that they were known by until two months ago: the
municipal corruption scandal of 1986.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 27, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CUOMO AND SENATE IN DISPUTE OVER INACTION ON EHTICS BILLS

BYLINE: By JEFFREY SCHMALZ, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 26


With only days remaining in the legislative session and with political pressure
for action mounting, Governor Cuomo and the State Senate traded sharp charges
today over who has been responsible for the failure to enact any plan for
combating government corruption.

Mr. Cuomo charged that members of the Senate's Republican majority ''have said
no to everything.'' He proposed still another bill - bringing to well over a
dozen the number of ethics measures introduced this session -that would require
state legislators to file a dislosure form every time they appeared before a
government agency on behalf of a client.

Charles Dumas, the spokesman for Senate Republicans, said there was ''increasing
resentment'' among legislators that the Governor was focusing on their
activities when the impetus for pursuing ethics legislation was the New York
City corruption scandal.

''You have to wonder,'' Mr. Dumas said of the Governor, ''why, with a scandal in
his own home county in Queens, his only ethics legislation is aimed at the
Legislature instead of doing something about the corruption in his own home
county.''

The Senate has passed a series of bills aimed primarily at New York City
officials that would ban campaign gifts to Board of Estimate members by people
with matters pending before the board.

Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink said today that the Assembly might be willing to
pass some of those Senate bills. But first, he said, he would try to win passage
in the full Legislature of his own house's anti-corruption proposals. Those
measures would, among other provisions, prevent state officials from appearing
on behalf of clients before some state agencies.

Warren M. Anderson, the leader of the Senate's Republican majority, has already
rejected the Democratic proposals, including public financing of statewide and
legislative campaigns. As for preventing lawmakers from appearing before state
agencies, Mr. Anderson said today, ''I just don't see the need for it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday

Afghan paper says corruption has to be eradicated

LENGTH: 1268 words


Excerpt from article by Ahmad Saidi entitled "Dozens of ministries should be
established in future cabinet to fulfil promises" published by private Afghan
newspaper Arman-e Melli on 20 June

Administrative corruption is one of those viruses that paralyse the system and
government and change the face of them, like the system in Afghanistan has been
completely paralysed and become inactive from the core and from outside it now
shows a notorious and ugly face. This fact is obviously pointed out in the
evaluation of international experts and acknowledgements of Mr President.
President Karzai, on the international day of fighting against administrational
corruption, criticized his system. He imagined himself as a local person and
criticized the bad situation in Afghanistan. [Passage omitted: Administrative
corruption is on increase in the government]

We can study the reasons for the corruption in the following way:

1. Pouring in of uncountable sums of money:

[Passage omitted: Donors are not donating in a good manner and this causes
corruption.]

Though Afghanistan has not been able to absorb large donated sums of money,
there are some unidentified groups that work as mafia gangs and encourage the
government to support the free market so as to provide the ground for some
organizations to swallow up the donated amount of money. They then allegedly
report that the amount of money is used for projects in Afghanistan. In fact the
government is aware of that but is silent.

2. Donating for nongovernmental organizations and individuals:

Certainly, corruption is not only the Afghans' habit but also that of companies
in the capitalist system from outside the country. The companies are always
thinking of profits as they want to make contracts with those who are not strict
about money. Therefore, they abuse the free market, deal with the government
officials and gain the donated amounts of money. Then they report that they have
spent that amount of money for making schools, hospitals and streets. The
government officials are also trying to gain some of the donated money by making
contracts with the companies. On the other hand, some government officials own a
nongovernmental organization and make a contract with their company. This is one
of the ways the donated money is vanishing. In addition, the nongovernmental
organizations send reports of their activities back to the donor countries to
avoid trouble with the court and prosecution system of the country. Furthermore,
donor countries also easily make contracts with nongovernmental organizations.
This is the way that large donated amounts of money to Afghanistan are turning
around.

3. Profiting, the main aims of private companies:

In Afghanistan, all companies are working for profit and service is a small part
of their duty although service should be the main goal and income should be the
second. Unfortunately the government is very weak in management and its
financial system is also corrupt. Powerful figures are controlling the country
and people are struggling with poverty. Powerful figures are doing whatever they
want and controlling the country. Furthermore, companies in Afghanistan are
completing low quality projects. Asphalted roads are being destroyed after a
year and dams are being destroyed by floods. This means that nearly half of the
donated money for these projects is spent on low quality projects, and more than
half of the money goes into the pockets of dealers. Does the government not have
the authority to investigate where the donated money goes?

4. Employment of workers with corruption background:

Most of the government officials are those who have experience of how to deal
with money. They know how to earn money illegally. In addition, the companies
also know how to use half of the donated money for the project and accumulate
the other half of the money for themselves.

[Passage omitted: Examples of how high ranking officials are neglectful with
donations.]

5. Leadership of the government by a specific team.

Afghanistan is being controlled by a team who are not actually even Afghan
citizens or who have not been in Afghanistan before. The USA has sent them to
Afghanistan. The team consider Afghanistan as a place where they can find more
money. On the other hand, the USA knows that this team is under its control so
the USA can do everything in Afghanistan. Therefore, the team is collecting
money as much as they can, and the USA is robbing ancient monuments and minerals
of Afghanistan and taking them to the USA.

Unfortunately, no one here thinks about development in Afghanistan. There is no
security, no electricity, lack of water in Afghanistan. Afghanistan is not like
a country, it is like a company. Here is team leadership, a team that is
controlled by foreign countries. Members of the team have a slogan and that is:
Afghanistan is not constructible. We are here for a short time. Let's just earn
money and not care about the people. Afghanistan is not a place for us to live
in. It is just a place for finding money. Our job is in Afghanistan and our home
is abroad.

6. Lack of system and well administrational system:

Useless administrative formations, ineffective officials, complicating laws like
constitution, injustice, administrational corruption are all part of the
government system of Afghanistan and the next generation will not be able to
arrange these all. This has caused everyone to take care of their pockets. No
one is being investigated. Everyone is free to do whatever they want. Is this
democracy?

7. Corruption is custom of the day:

Government officials are ready to sell the values of their faith for money. Even
though, bribery and embezzlement is prohibited in Afghanistan, it has changed
into a custom. Criminals are habitually involved in bribery ado not care about
anything. They do bad things and then show their unity with the people without
shame. People also respect them. Then they go among the people full of pride and
honour. Afghanistan is one of the five most corrupt countries in the world.
Besides, our president also admits that Afghanistan is a corrupt country.

8. Lack of decent standard in the government and distribution of power according
to relations:

As we see, every ministry in Afghanistan is under the control of a specific
ethnic group. So dozens of ministries should be opened in the next government
until the promises of all ethnic groups are fulfilled. Every minister thinks of
himself. No one can warn them. He can do whatever he wants to do. Ministry posts
are for sale. Powerful men only can buy these ministry posts. It is clear that a
single country with several powerful groups is naturally corrupt. No one feels
responsible toward their country.

Solutions:

To establish a strong, balanced and legal system in government:

The establishment of a healthy system is necessary to prevent corruption. The
power should be distributed to honourable and decent men. In order to bring an
end to corruption in Afghanistan, everyone should feel responsible for the
development of their country. Ordinary people should be ready to devote their
lives to their country.

[Passage omitted: Corruption in the present government.]

Everything should be changed in Afghanistan to end corruption and crime. We need
to change our government. We need to change our system. We need to change the
power distribution. We have to ensure security, justice and loyalty. The
government should be controlled by people, not by a specific team who are trying
to earn money. We have had enough; we do not want corruption anymore.

Source: Arman-e Melli, Kabul, in Dari 20 Jun 09

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Arms trade linked to US killings

BYLINE: Silusapho Nyanda

SECTION: UNREST, CONFLICTS & WAR

LENGTH: 622 words


Activist makes claim at screening of his film

 THE controversial arms trade is partly responsible for the mass killings that
have rocked the United States according to anti-corruption activist Andrew
Feinstein.
 He said there was an undeniable link between the money that defence contractors
give to the National Rifle Association of America and the ease of access to guns
by people who commit mass killings in the country.


  The former ANC parliamentarian was speaking to the Daily Dispatch in East
London after the screening of his film Shadow World - which exposes corruption
in the arms industry especially the USA, Saudi Arabia and the UK - on Wednesday
night.
 He said defence contractors funded the lobby groups who opposed stricter gun
control.
 "If you created a graph between the laws that make it difficult to buy weapons,
the more laws there are, the fewer shootings you have in a country.
 "America has the most lenient laws for gun ownership and it has by far the
highest rate of killings by guns by civilians on other civilians.
 "So it's an incontrovertible fact that American gun laws lead to these constant
tragic massacres and the people responsible for that are the lawmakers sitting
in Congress and the defence companies who give them money to ensure they won't
vote for more restrictive gun laws.
 "Those people have the blood of these innocent victims on their hands," said
Feinstein.
 His comments come a few days after the deadliest mass killing in the US, where
a lone gunman, Omar Mateen, killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando,
Florida.
 Feinstein, who now heads Corruption Watch UK, is in the country to promote his
film, which was screened as part of the Dispatch Dialogues at the Guild Theatre.

 He left South Africa after exposing some illicit dealings in the country's
controversial arms deal.
 Earlier he told the audience he could no longer go to Russia because he had
written an exposé about the country's president Vladimir Putin.
 He said European countries had been forced into corruption as they could not
compete with the USA in the arms trade.
  He said the next step was to try and get countries to cut their arms spend by
10% in the next decade.
  "The Europeans became a lot more corrupt in the 80s and 90s and the reason for
that is they could not compete with the US because the US has such huge
economies of scale," he said.
 According to the former politician that is how the South African arms deal was
corrupted.
 The arms deal activist said there was overwhelming evidence of corruption that
had been ignored by the Seriti Commission - whose final report found no proof of
corruption in the R46-billion deal.
 It was ridiculous, said Feinstein, that President Jacob Zuma was never called
to testify before the commission.
 The author of After the Party - a book of alleged corruption on the SA arms
deal - said he knew the commission was a farce the moment Judge Seriti ruled
that the commission would only consider documents as evidence if those
submitting them were directly involved in the payment of bribes or in receiving
such bribes.
  "Six very senior members of the commission resigned, and three of them said
publicly when they resigned that the reason they are resigning had only two
objectives; that is to whitewash any corruption in the deal and to ensure that
the critics of the deal were made to look bad," he said.
  Feinstein said they withdrew from the process after being advised by their
lawyers.
 He said South African activist organisations should seek a legal review of the
commission's work. - silusaphon@dispatch.co.za
  OUTSPOKEN: SA arms deal whistleblower and former ANC MP Andrew Feinstein
showed the 'Shadow World' documentary at the Guild Theatre Picture: ALAN EASON

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

'Governor Blagojevich has taken us to a truly new low'; 'Breadth of corruption
laid out in these charges is staggering'

BYLINE: Mira Oberman, Agence French-Presse

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO -- The governor of Illinois was arrested Tuesday on charges of
conspiring to sell an appointment to president-elect Barack Obama's recently
vacated U.S. Senate seat in what prosecutors called "a political corruption
crime spree."

Governor Rod Blagojevich and his chief of staff, John Harris, were also accused
of demanding kickbacks for government contracts, jobs and appointments and
trying to get certain editors fired from the Chicago Tribune newspaper because
of their critical coverage of his administration.

"The breadth of corruption laid out in these charges is staggering," U.S.
attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said.

"They allege that Blagojevich put a 'for sale' sign on the naming of a United
States senator; involved himself personally in pay-to-play schemes with the
urgency of a salesman meeting his annual sales target, and corruptly used his
office in an effort to trample editorial voices of criticism.

"Governor Blagojevich has taken us to a truly new low," Fitzgerald said at a
news conference, adding that the state's top leader "has been arrested in the
middle of what we can only describe as a political corruption crime spree."

Obama said he was not aware of allegations that Blagojevich, who as governor is
charged with appointing a U.S. senator when a seat becomes vacant, was shopping
it around to find the highest bidder.

"I had no contact with the governor or his office, and so I was not aware of
what was happening," Obama told reporters.

"Like the rest of the people of Illinois, I am saddened and sobered by the news
that came out of the U.S. attorney's office today," the president-elect said,
adding that it would not be "appropriate" for him to comment further on the
ongoing investigation.

Blagojevich was released on a $4,500 bond Tuesday after making a brief
appearance before a federal judge in Chicago. His office did not immediately
respond to a request for comment or calls for his resignation.

Fitzgerald made no allegations that Obama was aware of any scheming by the
governor. The complaint included descriptions of recorded conversations in which
Blagojevich complained bitterly that while Obama's team had a preferred
candidate in mind, "they're not willing to give me anything except appreciation.
(Expletive) them."

Fitzgerald said the breadth of alleged corruption by Blagojevich was
"appalling," especially given that the governor had known he was under
investigation for years.

"You might have thought in that environment that pay-to-play would slow down.
The opposite happened," Fitzgerald said.

Blagojevich was allegedly intercepted on court-authorized wiretaps comparing
himself to a sports agent shopping the seat to the highest bidder, according to
the 76-page criminal complaint.

Authorities allege he considered taking the seat himself to avoid impeachment by
the Illinois legislature and to remake his image for a potential run for
president in 2016.

In a conversation recorded the day after Obama's historic Nov. 4 win,
Blagojevich told an unnamed advisor: "I've got this thing and it's (expletive)
golden, and, uh, uh, I'm just not giving it up for (expletive) nothing. I'm not
gonna do it. And, and I can always use it. I can parachute me there," the
affidavit states.

Democrat Blagojevich was elected in 2003 after vowing to reform the culture of
corruption surrounding his predecessor, Republican George Ryan, who is currently
serving more than six years in prison for corruption.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Getty Images; President-elect Barack Obama, right, shakes hands with
Florida Governor Charlie Crist, left, as he arrives at the National Governors
Association meeting in Philadelphia on Dec. 2. Looking on, second from right, is
Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich, who was arrested by federal authorities on
Tuesday on charges of conspiracy to sell or trade the Senate seat left vacant by
Obama. ;
Photo: John Harris, chief of staff ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Trump rallies base at Colo. strongholds

BYLINE: Noelle Phillips and Jason Blevins

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 893 words


Donald Trump visited two conservative Colorado strongholds Tuesday in an effort
to rally his base as voter ballots began hitting mailboxes across the state. The
Republican presidential nominee sounded familiar notes in Colorado Springs and
Grand Junction saying he will secure borders, bring back jobs and support the
military as he seized upon the latest news about Hillary Clinton's handling of e
mail when she was secretary of state.

He peppered his speech with attacks on reporters covering his presidential
campaign, rallying his supporters to ignore media reports and polls showing him
slipping farther behind his Democratic opponent.

In Colorado Springs, more than 1,000 people packed a livestock arena at the
Norris Penrose Event Center and cheered him on with calls to "Lock her up,"
"Build that wall" and "Tell the truth," the last being directed at journalists.

Addressing what he called "the government of corruption" and promising to "drain
the swamp in Washington, D.C.," Trump outlined several ethical reforms. The plan
includes five year bans on government officials and Congress members from
lobbying, lifetime bans on government officials lobbying for foreign governments
and a constitutional amendment imposing term limits on elected officials: six
years for members of the House and 12 years for members of the Senate.

"We are going to have a new government that serves the people. It hasn't done
that in a long time," Trump said in his fiery, 50 minute speech in Grand
Junction.

Trump also seized upon the latest news about Clinton. A state department
official tried to pressure an FBI official to reclassify at least one e mail
found on her private server, according to reports.

"This is a felony corruption," Trump said.

Trump's calls for a wall along the Mexican border and the elimination of
government corruption, and his pledges to revive the American economy, hit home
with supporters.

"His message is so direct," said Ed Casey, of Denver, who carried a puppet made
to represent Clinton in an orange jail jumpsuit. "His motive is so clear: to get
corruption out of our government. With everything that has been exposed, it's
naive not to think it's there."

Before the rally started, a long line stretched into the entrance of the
livestock arena as Trump's supporters waited to catch him.

As Loy and Mae Clark, two Colorado Springs retirees, waited to pass through
security, Loy Clark laughed and said, "I'm a lazy, deplorable, uneducated white
guy, but I'm going to vote for Trump."

He said he was tired of President Barack Obama and Clinton insulting people like
him by being politically correct.

"He tells it like it is, and he's not so politically correct," Loy Clark said.

Touching a nerve on the Western Slope, Trump promised to "unleash American
energy," tapping shale, oil, natural gas and coal by "getting rid of job killing
EPA regulations."

"We are going to put miners right here in Colorado back to work," he said.

He criticized Clinton's support of trade agreements like the North American Free
Trade Agreement and the Trans Pacific Partnership, saying that international
donors "control her every single move."

"If we let the Clinton cartel run this government, history will record that 2017
was the year America lost its independence," he said. "It will not happen on our
watch."

Trump said he planned to cut the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15
percent. He promised the "biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan." Trump said he
would defend religious liberty and end Common Core educational standards,
rebuild the military and protect the Second Amendment, "which is totally under
siege," he said.

In Colorado Springs, retired Air Force Maj. Gen. Bentley Rayburn warmed up the
crowd, comparing Trump to George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Gen. George
Patton, Vince Lombardi and Captain America in one sentence.

Rayburn said he was speaking on behalf of a large military community and that
Trump was the leader of a patriot movement. The audience appeared to agree with
Rayburn's description of Trump and his ideals.

"A guy who won't tolerate people taking a knee during the national anthem,"
Rayburn said. "A guy who occasionally wears a hard hat. Who eats at McDonald's.
Who will restore nationalism."

The recent release of a video of Trump making rude comments about what he does
to women and how he can get away with it did not deter his supporters. Neither
did claims coming from multiple women that Trump kissed and groped them without
consent.

Kate Bowen, of Denver, said she has faced sexual harassment throughout her
career as an independent businesswoman.

"I'm sort of numb to a lot of it," Bowen said. "I don't think it was right, but
it's part of society at all levels."

Still, Bowen, who considers herself an independent voter, said she prefers Trump
over Clinton.

"I've struggled with it a lot," she said. "I've often said it would be great to
have a business person in the White House as opposed to a career politician.
He's worth a chance."

Trump has held three rallies in the state since mid September when polls showed
him gaining on Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

However, a poll released on Monday by Quinnipiac University gave Clinton an 8
point edge against the Republican nominee in a four way race, 45 percent to 37
percent.

Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, is slated to be in Durango on
Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 24, 2014 Friday

Cameron County commissioner, others face corruption charges

BYLINE: Mark Reagan, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 939 words


Jan. 24--BROWNSVILLE -- Moments after the Cameron County District Attorney's
Office announced prosecutors were pursuing public corruption charges against
Precinct 2 County Commissioner Ernie L. Hernandez Jr., he turned himself in to
authorities at the Carrizalez-Rucker Detention Center in Olmito.

Hernandez said he had no comment as he left the county jail after posting
$35,000 bail.

A grand jury on Wednesday indicted Hernandez on eight public corruption-related
charges.

Cameron County District Attorney's Office Public Integrity Unit Chief Victor
Cortez announced the indictment against Hernandez and three other public
officials on Thursday afternoon. A Texas Department of Public Safety trooper, a
Cameron County sheriff's deputy and the county's leader of the construction
maintenance department are also facing public corruption charges.

District Attorney spokeswoman Melissa Zamora said the cases are separate and
unrelated to each other.

On Thursday evening, Cortez said that although the indictments are unrelated,
the DA's office chose to present them together to show that the Public Integrity
Unit is addressing corruption in Cameron County.

"The community knows such illegal activity exists, but has generally been
ignored," he said. "The unit will not turn a blind eye and we will prosecute
those who lack the integrity to uphold the oath or promise they took to serve
our community."

Cortez confirmed Thursday afternoon that the indictment against Hernandez, dated
Jan. 22, stems from the investigation into his former administrative assistant
Raul Salazar Garza, who last year was sentenced to 10 months in jail on two
counts of official abuse of capacity and one count of tampering with government
records for helping Roberto Cadriel, Hernandez's brother-in-law, secure a job at
Veterans International Bridge in the summer of 2011.

The Brownsville Herald obtained copies of the indictment against Hernandez,
which echoes testimony from Salazar's trial with a new detail: Hernandez
allegedly pressured Cameron County's Chief Emergency Officer and Homeland
Security Director Humberto Barrera to re-open a gambling establishment that
Barrera's department had closed.

Hernandez is accused of coercion of a public servant based off of that
allegation.

However, most of the charges against the commissioner focus on allegations that
he used his position to secure a job for his brother-in-law and that he
threatened and tampered with witnesses.

The indictment alleges Hernandez encouraged, solicited, directed, aided and
attempted to aid Carmen Vera -- who worked in Human Resources -- to sit in and
take the Cameron County Civil Service Exam under the name of Roberto Cadriel.

Vera testified during Salazar's trial that she feared she would lose her job if
she didn't take the exam. She testified that Salazar didn't tell her to take the
test, but that former county human resources director Robert Lopez had told her
to do so. Lopez testified during Salazar's trial too, saying he had reached an
agreement with the DA's office to testify in exchange for not being prosecuted.

Hernandez is also accused in the indictment of encouraging, directing, aiding
and soliciting Salazar to provide Cadriel with answers to the Civil Service
Exam. During Salazar's trial, Cadriel testified that Salazar provided him with
the answers to the exam. Cadriel, who cannot read or write, scored a 96 on his
third attempt at the civil service exam in 2011.

On the basis of those allegations, Hernandez is accused of misuse of official
information and abuse of official capacity.

The indictment accuses him of tampering with government records by soliciting,
encouraging, directing and aiding Vera to sit and take the exam in Cadriel's
name, effectively making a false entry in a government record.

Hernandez also faces charges that he tampered with witnesses by coercing Cadriel
and telling him his probation would be revoked if he cooperated with law
enforcement; by offering Cadriel money to withhold testimony and information
during official proceedings and to elude the legal process that summoned Cadriel
to testify or supply evidence.

Lastly, Hernandez is accused of retaliation and obstruction because he allegedly
attempted to fire county administrator Pete Sepulveda Jr.'s right-hand man,
David Garcia, for giving a statement to the sheriff's department and testifying
to a grand jury in February 2013.

During Salazar's trial, Garcia testified that in May 2013 an item to evaluate
him was placed on an executive session agenda but not acted upon. Garcia
testified he believed Hernandez placed the item on the agenda and Sepulveda, who
also testified during the trial, agreed.

During Salazar's trial, Hernandez called The Brownsville Herald the same day he
was informed by Assistant District Attorney Gustavo "Gus" Garza that he was the
target of a criminal investigation. Hernandez then invoked his right not to
testify.

That afternoon, Hernandez called a reporter and said he was no-billed by a grand
jury though he retracted that statement the following day in front of visiting
Judge Federico Hinojosa, after the judge told Hernandez his statements to the
newspaper conflicted with his decision not to testify. Hernandez had not been
no-billed by a grand jury.

"I didn't know what no-billed meant," Hernandez testified, saying he
misunderstood the process.

Hinojosa then ordered Hernandez not to speak to the media or anyone else about
the case.

mreagan@brownsvilleherald.com

___ (c)2014 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140124-BV-Cameron-County-commissioner-others-face-corruption
-charges-0124-20140124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2014 The Brownsville Herald


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: United States Assists Korean Authorities in Recovering Over $28.7
Million In Corruption Proceeds of Former President of the Republic of Korea

LENGTH: 814  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The Department of Justice has reached a settlement of its civil forfeiture cases
against $1.2 million in assets in the United States traceable to corruption
proceeds accumulated by Chun Doo Hwan, the former president of the Republic of
Korea. The department also assisted the government of the Republic of Korea in
recovering an additional $27.5 million in satisfaction of an outstanding
criminal restitution order against former President Chun.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Director Sarah R. Saldaña of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE)­­ and Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of the FBI's
Los Angeles Field Office made the announcement after the settlement was signed
and papers requesting that the court execute the agreement were filed with the
U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.

"Chun Doo Hwan's campaign of corruption and bribery while serving as Korea's
president betrayed the trust of the Korean people, deprived Korea's government
of precious resources and undermined the rule of law," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "Fighting corruption is a global imperative that demands a
coordinated global response. The close cooperation between the United States and
Korea in successfully recovering corruption proceeds stands as a testament to
our resolve to battle the scourge of corruption through international
collaboration."

"Former Korean President Chun violated the trust of the people of Korea," said
Director Saldaña. "The results in this case reflect the outstanding
international cooperation that exists between U.S. law enforcement and the
government of Korea."

"The U.S. will not idly standby and serve as a money laundering haven for
foreign officials to hide corrupt activities," said Assistant Director in Charge
David Bowdich. "The FBI will continue to collaborate with our foreign partners
by leveraging its resources in order to identify those engaged in foreign
corruption and to recover their ill-gotten gains."

According to court documents, President Chun was convicted in Korea in 1997 of
receiving more than $200 million in bribes from Korean businesses and companies.
President Chun and his relatives laundered some of these corruption proceeds
through a web of nominees, trusts and shell companies in both Korea and the
United States.

Under the terms of the U.S. settlement, $1,226,951 in assets will be forfeited
to the United States. During the joint U.S.-Korean investigation, approximately
$27.5 million in additional funds were paid by an associate of former President
Chun to the Korean government to partially settle the judgment entered against
former President Chun upon his criminal conviction. Including the settlement
announced today, the U.S. and Korean authorities have recovered more than $28.7
million in connection with Korea's investigation and prosecution of former
President Chun.

The investigation was conducted jointly by the FBI's West Covina Resident Agency
of the Los Angeles Division, ICE's Homeland Security Investigations' (HSI)
Philadelphia Office, HSI's Attaché in Seoul, South Korea and the FBI Kleptocracy
Program of the International Corruption Unit within the Criminal Investigation
Division. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Woo S. Lee and Della
Sentilles of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Katharine Schonbachler and Steven R. Welk of
the Central District of California, and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Minni
and Alvin Stout of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The Criminal Division's
Office of International Affairs provided substantial support.

The department is grateful for the significant assistance provided by the Seoul
Central District Public Prosecutor's Office, Korea's Supreme Prosecutor's Office
- Anti-Corruption Supervisory Division and the Ministry of Justice's
International Criminal Affairs Division in investigating and forfeiting these
corruption proceeds.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative by a team
of dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section, working in partnership with federal law enforcement agencies
to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where appropriate,
return those proceeds to benefit the people harmed by these acts of corruption
and abuse of office. Individuals with information about possible proceeds of
foreign corruption located in or laundered through the United States should
contact federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov
Email links icon
.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Cuomo Adds Election Law Office to Anticorruption Proposals

BYLINE: By THOMAS KAPLAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 470 words


ALBANY -- Offering a second set of proposals on the heels of two new corruption
cases involving state lawmakers, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said on Tuesday that he
would seek to create an independent office to enforce state election law.

The governor also proposed two steps intended to lessen the stranglehold of
political parties on the candidate selection process: allowing voters and
candidates to switch their party enrollment closer to the date of an election,
and allowing candidates to run in another party's primary without seeking
permission from party leaders, as is required by current law.

Mr. Cuomo's announcement came one week after he said he would also propose new
laws to make it easier for district attorneys to prosecute public corruption. He
has not released the specifics for either set of proposals, and he told
reporters that he would not publicly unveil the language of his proposed
legislation until he and legislative leaders had reached an agreement.

The subject of public corruption appears likely to loom over the rest of this
year's legislative session, scheduled to conclude in June. Albany has a long
history of corrupt lawmakers, but the issue of criminality has intensified in
recent weeks with the arrest of a Democratic state senator, Malcolm A. Smith of
Queens, who was charged with trying to bribe his way onto the primary ballot for
mayor of New York City as a Republican, and a Democratic assemblyman, Eric A.
Stevenson of the Bronx, who was accused of taking bribes for assisting
developers of adult day care centers.

On Tuesday, Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, said he would propose creating an independent
enforcement unit within the State Board of Elections to investigate violations
of campaign finance and election laws. Government watchdog groups have long
lamented the state's anemic enforcement of election law; the lone investigator
at the board retired last May, and the position has not been filled.

Mr. Cuomo also proposed eliminating what is known as the Wilson-Pakula law,
which requires candidates seeking to run on the ballot line of a party other
than their own to solicit the authorization of party leaders (as was the case
with Senator Smith). Under Mr. Cuomo's proposal, candidates would need only to
collect signatures from registered members of the party. An administration
official said the governor would propose that the changes take effect beginning
in 2014; the proposal would not affect this year's race for mayor of New York.

The governor would also allow voters seeking to participate in primaries to
change their party registration up to three months before the primary election.
Current rules required voters who wanted to change their party enrollment for
this year's mayoral primary in New York City, which will be held Sept. 10, to
make the change by Oct. 12 last year.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/17/nyregion/cuomo-bolsters-anti-corruption
-efforts.html

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 14, 2010 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

Corrupt pols his cup of tea U.S. attorney who corralled Seabrook is Obama
appointee

BYLINE: BY ALISON GENDAR, JAMES GORDON MEEK and LARRY McSHANE DAILY NEWS STAFF
WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 557 words


IN U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara's view of history, corruption was invented around
the same time as fire and the wheel.

"Unscrupulous cavemen no doubt fleeced unsuspecting Neanderthals out of clubs
and animal skins when the opportunity arose," the prosecutor observed drolly
last November.

The crimes evolved along with the species, as Bharara knows only too well. Just
six months into the job, the prosecutor is making corruption a top priority -
targeting public servants and the private sector.

Last week's 13-count indictment of City Councilmember Larry Seabrook (D-Bronx)
was the latest salvo from Bharara, a President Obama nominee sworn in Aug. 13,
2009.

"In my office, we have a thriving and successful public corruption unit,"
Bharara said in a speech earlier this month. "At the moment, business is not
slow.

"This is vitally important work, in my view."

The new head of the Southern District, considered the most prestigious post
among U.S. attorneys, took a circuitous route to his spacious lower Manhattan
office.

Bharara, 40, is a naturalized American citizen born in India.

His father grew up in a small village, living in a home without plumbing, and
came to America "with only a few dollars in his pocket and a hope in his heart
that we would have a better life," Bharara said at his swearing-in ceremony.

He was an infant when his family settled in suburban New Jersey.

Bharara graduated magna cum laude from Harvard in 1990, earning a Columbia Law
School degree three years later. He went into private practice after a short
stint with Mark Green's campaign for public advocate.

Bharara became a Southern District prosecutor in 2000, spending the next five
years prosecuting cases involving securities fraud, organized crime and drugs.

But he really made his bones as counsel to Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.),
spearheading the probe of ex-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales' politicization
of the Justice Department.

Gonzales resigned in disgrace over the investigation into the Bush
administration's 2006 firings of nine U.S. attorneys.

Bharara convinced his mentor and ex-Southern District boss, former Deputy
Attorney General Jim Comey, to provide dramatic testimony against Gonzales.

Comey recounted how Gonzales - then White House counsel - tried to convince
hospitalized Attorney General John Ashcroft to sign off on warrantless spying.
Comey, as acting attorney general, had refused; Gonzales unsuccessfully pressed
Ashcroft, recovering from painful surgery, to overrule him.

Bharara is married with three kids, and made a point of thanking his wife when
he was sworn in. "If anyone has ever had a more supportive partner in life, I'm
not aware of it," he said.

Befitting of a Jersey guy, Bharara is also a Bruce Springsteen fan - often
playing The Boss' music in his office while working long hours as an assistant
U.S. attorney.

Bharara now heads the office of more than 450 people, including more than 200
assistant U.S. attorneys. He oversees an annual budget of $50 million.

And he intends to direct those resources against white collar crooks, Wall
Street schemers and crooked politicians.

Their motives, he believes, remain unchanged since the Stone Age.

"Greed, gullibility and things of value are the basic elements of financial
fraud," he said. "History tells us that these ingredients have existed for
millennia."

agendar@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Preet Bharara

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 21, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

FBI Searches Congressional Office of Louisiana Lawmaker

BYLINE: Allan Lengel and Martin Weil, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A Section; A11

LENGTH: 439 words


More than a dozen FBI agents raided the Capitol Hill office of Rep. William J.
Jefferson (D-La.) last night, searching for documents possibly related to an
ongoing public corruption investigation, a government official said.

As many as 15 agents wearing business suits began searching the office in the
Rayburn House Office Building about 7:15 p.m. and were expected to continue
through early this morning, the official said.

Debbie Weierman, an FBI spokeswoman, said that "the search was conducted this
evening in conjunction with an ongoing FBI public corruption investigation."

She declined to elaborate. She said portions of the search warrant  will be
unsealed later today.

Robert Trout, Jefferson's attorney, complained that FBI agents refused to allow
him or the general counsel of the House to witness the search.

"The government's actions in obtaining a search warrant to search the offices of
a United States Congressman were outrageous," Trout said in a statement, the
Associated Press reported. "There were no exigent circumstances necessitating
this action. The government knew that the documents were being appropriately
preserved while proper procedures were being followed. We are dismayed by this
action. The documents weren't going anywhere and the prosecutors knew it."

Jefferson said last week that he  will not resign his seat in the face of a
federal investigation that has resulted in guilty pleas from two people who
implicated him in a bribery scheme.

"I would take full responsibility for any crime that I committed, if that were
the case," he said. "But I will not plead guilty to something I did not do, no
matter how things are made to look and no matter the risk," said Jefferson, who
is in his eighth term in the House.

He said the guilty pleas, made in federal court in Virginia, came from friends
who succumbed to government pressure.

Brett Pfeffer, a former Jefferson aide, pleaded guilty in January to
bribery-related charges. Vernon L. Jackson, chief executive of iGate Inc., a
Louisville telecommunications firm, pleaded guilty May 3 to bribery.

Jackson said he had paid more than $400,000 to Jefferson and his relatives in
exchange for the congressman's help in obtaining business deals in Nigeria,
Ghana and Cameroon.

The investigation became public on Aug. 3 when FBI agents raided Jefferson's
homes in New Orleans and Northeast Washington, where they found about $90,000 in
cash in his freezer, law enforcement sources have said.

They also raided five other locations, including the Kentucky and New Jersey
offices of iGate Inc., which has become central to the investigation.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           December 26, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Cleaning up politics Florida deserves action on corruption crackdown

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 508  words


Misconduct and scandal plagued Florida govern ment in 2009. That has some hoping
that 2010 will be a good year for ethics reforms and other changes to make
public officials more accountable.

I figure if there's ever a year that shame will settle in, this might be it,"
state Sen. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, told The Florida Times-Union.

After three tries, Gov. Charlie Crist persuaded the state Supreme Court to
authorize a grand jury to investigate claims of official misconduct in state,
county and city governments -- citing the necessity to remove more than 30
public officials from office during his gubernatorial term.

Several disgraceful episodes have played out in headlines across Florida this
year. Among the more high-profile cases:*State Rep. Ray Sansom, R-Destin,
resigned the powerful speaker of the House position after a suspicious
appropriation for a North Florida state college that later hired Sansom to fill
an unadvertised, $110,000-a- year job. Sansom was indicted on charges of
official misconduct and perjury. Although those charges were dismissed, he still
faces an official House inquiry into his conduct.*Alan Mendelsohn, a Palm Beach
eye doctor who bragged that he could bribe Crist (a claim that proved false),
was charged with corruption and misappropriation of campaign contributions.*More
recently, another big campaign fundraiser, disbarred Fort Lauderdale attorney
Scott Rothstein, was charged with racketeering, fraud and money laundering.

The grand jury will have a year to complete its work. Some legislators are eager
to get started passing anti-corruption legislation sooner -- including Gelber.

Gelber's bills include a proposed constitutional amendment that would strike at
the heart of corruption in Florida by stripping much of the secrecy from the
state budgeting process. Another would attempt to tighten the definition of
public corruption by spelling out that citizens have a right to trustworthy
government -- and deeming self-dealing by politicians as the "theft of honest
services."

Unfortunately, Gelber's proposals could fall victim to his own ambitions. He's
seeking election as state attorney general, and these bills might not be heard
in order to keep him from claiming a legislative victory months before the
election. Sen. John Thrasher, R-Jacksonville (who represents part of Volusia
County), has said he thinks the Legislature should wait until the grand jury has
done its work before adopting any sweeping legislation.

Thrasher's proposal has merit -- lawmakers shouldn't declare "mission
accomplished" on anti-corruption just as the grand jury is beginning its work.
But the measures proposed by Gelber make sense - - especially the constitutional
amendment, which would give Floridians a chance to demand more transparency as
the Legislature crafts the state's multibillion-dollar budget. The Legislature
should consider those proposals in the coming session as a worthy starting place
in a fight to clean up Florida government, while pledging to enact the reforms
proposed by the grand jury.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2009 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2009 News-Journal Corporation


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Washington: US assists Korean authorities recover more than $28.7 million in
corruption proceeds from former Korean president

LENGTH: 817  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Department of Justice on Wednesday has reached a settlement of its civil
forfeiture cases against $1.2 million in assets in the United States traceable
to corruption proceeds accumulated by Chun Doo Hwan, the former president of the
Republic of Korea. The department also assisted the government of the Republic
of Korea in recovering an additional $27.5 million to satisfy an outstanding
criminal restitution order against former President Chun.

The following agency heads made this announcement after the settlement was
signed and papers requesting that the court execute the agreement were filed
with the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California: Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division, Director Sarah R. Saldaña of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
(ICE), and Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of FBI's Los Angeles Field
Office.

"Chun Doo Hwan's campaign of corruption and bribery while serving as Korea's
president betrayed the trust of the Korean people, deprived Korea's government
of precious resources and undermined the rule of law," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "Fighting corruption is a global imperative that demands a
coordinated global response. The close cooperation between the United States and
Korea in successfully recovering corruption proceeds stands as a testament to
our resolve to battle the scourge of corruption through international
collaboration."
"Former Korean President Chun violated the trust of the people of Korea," said
Director Saldaña. "The results in this case reflect the outstanding
international cooperation that exists between U.S. law enforcement and the
government of Korea."

"The U.S. will not idly standby and serve as a money laundering haven for
foreign officials to hide corrupt activities," said Assistant Director in Charge
David Bowdich. "The FBI will continue to collaborate with our foreign partners
by leveraging its resources in order to identify those engaged in foreign
corruption and to recover their ill-gotten gains."

According to court documents, President Chun was convicted in Korea in 1997 of
receiving more than $200 million in bribes from Korean businesses and companies.
President Chun and his relatives laundered some of these corruption proceeds
through a web of nominees, trusts and shell companies in both Korea and the
United States.

Under the terms of the U.S. settlement, $1,226,951 in assets will be forfeited
to the United States. During the joint U.S.-Korean investigation, about $27.5
million in additional funds were paid by an associate of former President Chun
to the Korean government to partially settle the judgment entered against former
President Chun upon his criminal conviction. Including the settlement announced
March 4, the U.S. and Korean authorities have recovered more than $28.7 million
in connection with Korea's investigation and prosecution of former President
Chun.

This investigation was conducted jointly by the FBI's West Covina Resident
Agency of the Los Angeles Division, ICE's Homeland Security Investigations (HSI)
Philadelphia Office, HSI's Attaché in Seoul, South Korea, and the FBI
Kleptocracy Program of the International Corruption Unit within the Criminal
Investigation Division.

This case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Woo S. Lee and Della Sentilles
of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section,
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Katharine Schonbachler and Steven R. Welk of the
Central District of California, and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Minni and
Alvin Stout of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.

The Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs provided substantial
support.

The department is grateful for the significant assistance in investigating and
forfeiting these corruption proceeds provided by the Seoul Central District
Public Prosecutor's Office, Korea's Supreme Prosecutor's Office - Anti-
Corruption Supervisory Division, and the Ministry of Justice's International
Criminal Affairs Division.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative by a team
of dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section, working in partnership with federal law enforcement agencies
to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where appropriate,
return those proceeds to benefit the people harmed by these acts of corruption
and abuse of office. Individuals with information about possible proceeds of
foreign corruption located in or laundered through the United States should
contact federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                                  March, 1996

Focus On "Controlling the Climate" Reducing Corruption Worldwide:
Fritz Heimann

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ACTIVIES UPDATE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 2180 words

HIGHLIGHT: In his comment in last month's issue the Editor highlighted corporate
counsel's role in improving the business climate.  In this issue of The
Metropolitan Corporate Counsel the Editor talks with Fritz Heimann, Counselor to
the General Counsel of General Electric Company and Chairman of Transparency
International-USA, a not-for-profit, non-governmental organization designed to
counter international corruption.


Editor: Fritz, I understand that you have been involved in working to build an
organization that has as its purpose the combatting of corruption in business
dealings worldwide. This is quite an ambitious project which has our undivided
support; however, you must have run into the typical "Missourians" who doubt
that much can be done. Would you describe your efforts and the reasons behind
them?

Heimann: About five years ago, Ben Heineman, GE's general counsel, asked me to
start thinking about ways to deal with the impact of foreign bribery on the
international business of GE and other American companies. The U.S. had passed
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act(FCPA) in 1977 which made it a crime for
American companies to bribe foreign officials. However, no other country
followed our example. American companies were losing billions of dollars in
international orders to foreign competitors who had no constraint about paying
bribes and were able to treat bribe payments as tax deductible business
expenses.

The challenge was to get the rest of the world to raise its standards, not to
find ways to lower U.S. standards. The difficulty of this challenge was
demonstrated by the experience since the passage of the FCPA. Neither American
moralizing nor American cajolery had been effective. It was clear that, unless
an anti-corruption effort developed broad international support, it would not
succeed.

Some months after Ben presented this challenge I was invited to Washington to
meet Peter Eigen, a German lawyer, who was planning a new organization to combat
international corruption, Transparency International (TI). I decided to find out
what Dr. Eigen had in mind.

Editor: Were you immediately persuaded that this was an organization that should
be embraced?

Heimann: My initial concern was: does TI have a practical, realistic approach,
or is it an idealistic crusade that couldn't get anywhere? I was impressed by
Peter Eigen's background. He had spent 25 years at the World Bank with extensive
experience in Africa and South America. He had learned first hand that
international development efforts were being undermined by corruption. I was
also impressed that Peter had no illusions about the difficulty of tackling the
corruption issue. He recognized that a determined-long term effort was required.

Plans for TI were still in an embryonic stage. However, Peter Eigen had already
concluded that a broadly-based coalition effort was required. Peter had
extensive contacts in the international development community and with
government leaders in developing countries. He was anxious to enlist support
from international business. Ben Heineman agreed that TI looked promising, and I
became part of Peter Eigen's initial working group.

Editor: Please tell us how TI was started.

Heiman: TI was launched in Berlin in May 1993, at a meeting which was hosted by
the German government and was attended by individuals from over thirty states,
including Oscar Arias, the Nobel Prize winner from Costa Rica, General Obasanio,
the former President of Nigeria, and Bob McNamara, who had been President of the
World Bank. McNamara pointed out that, for the first time in his fifty years of
government and business experience, there was now, after the end of the Cold
War, a realistic opportunity to deal with international corruption.

Editor: How is TI organized?

Heiman: TI has its headquarters in Berlin, where it has a small staff consisting
of a half dozen professionals supported by a much larger group of volunteers.
TI's major organizational thrust is to build a network of national chapters.
There are now over forty-five chapters in all parts of the world. This reflects
the concept that TI's headquarters should work as a catalyst, but that effective
reforms require committed action at the national level. Each national chapter is
organized as a broadly based coalition including business, professional,
academic, civic and other groups. TI imposes only two ground rules on its
national chapters. First, they must be nonpartisan, not affiliated with the
government or opposition parties. Second, they must not get involved in
investigations of allegations of bribery. TI's focus is on building more
effective systems to combat corruption, not on catching crooks.

Editor: How does TI try to accomplish its objective?

Heiman: We have been pleasantly surprised at how much interest and support there
is in all parts of the world. This is the result of the wave of
widely-publicized bribery scandals in Italy, Japan, Brazil, Venezuela and South
Korea, to name only the most obvious examples. From an organizational
standpoint, TI's first step is to build a network of organizations and
individuals interested in supporting reforms.

From a substantive standpoint, one of TI's most important tasks has been to
compile a "National Integrity Source Book" for building more transparent and
accountable government. This effort has been funded by the Ford Foundation and
was assisted by the World Bank's Economic Development Institute. It is in effect
a cookbook of recipes from around the world, from which TI's national chapters
can choose the most appropriate ways to address their problems. It covers such
subjects as public procurement reforms, independent anti-corruption agencies,
auditing agencies, ombudsmen, corporate codes of conduct, administrative
reforms, as well as how to achieve accountability through the judicial system,
through public access to information, through the democratic process and through
increased involvement of civil society.

The TI Source Book is a work in progress. We have completed an English version.
During the next year we hope to produce editions in five other languages, with
examples pertinent to different legal and political systems. There will also be
an internet version.

Editor: Does TI have a U.S. chapter?

Heiman: TI-USA was organized two years ago. Ira Millstein played a key role in
launching the chapter, and Weil, Gotshal & Manges did the legal work to organize
TI-USA as a tax exempt organization. Nancy Zucker Boswell, a very able
Washington lawyer, is managing director of TI-USA and runs the Washington
office. We have a diverse board including not only lawyers and executives but
also individuals from the academic, accounting, union and environmental fields.
Judge Milton Mollen, who chaired the recent investigation of police corruption
in New York, is an active member.

Editor: What are the programs and priorities of TI-USA?

Heiman: TI-USA works with U.S. Government agencies interested in promoting anti-
corruption initiatives, including the State Department, Treasury, Justice,
Commerce and USTR.

Editor: Can you give us an example?

Heiman: In May 1994, the OECD, which includes the 25 leading industrial nations
in Europe, North America and Asia, passed a recommendation calling on member
countries to take effective action to combat bribery of foreign officials. We
have worked closely with Dan Tarullo, the Assistant Secretary of State for
Business and Economic Affairs. He deserves major credit for pushing the OECD
Recommendation. We are now working with both U.S. government representatives and
TI chapters in other OECD states to help assure implementation of the
recommendation. An important step forward was taken on January 24 when the OECD
Committee on Fiscal Affairs recommended that all OECD states deny tax
deductibility of bribes. The OECD working group is also developing proposals to
criminalize bribery of foreign officials.

Editor: How do you feel about the progress being made by the OECD?

Heiman: The OECD process takes time. However, it is the most effective mechanism
for making progress. The OECD working group, under its outstanding chairman,
Professor Mark Pieth of Switzerland, is developing an international consensus on
an anti-corruption agenda through a combination of persuasion and peer pressure.
In view of the controversial nature of the anti-corruption programs, that is the
best approach. More heavy-handed tactics won't work and are likely to be
counterproductive, particularly if they come from the U.S.

Editor: It is my understanding that there is a TI-USA Corporate Practices
Committee working on a corporate "best practices program".

Heimann: The committee is chaired by Howard Aibel of Leboeuf, Lamb, Greene &
MacRae and includes Bill Jennings and Jay Singh of Coopers & Lybrand, Don Zarin
of Dechert Price & Rhoads and Scott Gilbert of GE. The committee's report is
almost finished.  It covers codes of conduct and the compliance programs
necessary to make them effective. We expect to make the report available to
corporate groups in Europe and Asia and to meet with such groups.

Editor: How useful are corporate codes of conduct?

Heiman: They can play a major role, provided they are accompanied by effective
corporate compliance and education programs. Combating corruption requires
action to curb extortion by government officials as well as bribe payments by
corporations. Both are important and each reinforces the other.

Editor: We understand that the International Chamber of Commerce is also active
in this field.

Heiman: The ICC published Rules of Conduct on Extortion and bribery in 1977.
During the past year these Rules have been substantially revised by an ICC
committee on which Chuck Levy of Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering and I served. The
revised Rules will be taken up by the ICC's Executive Council in March.

ICC action is important because many foreign companies are reluctant to stop
paying bribes as long as their major competitors continue to bribe. The ICC
rules are intended to influence the behavior of companies in many countries. By
helping to make refusal to pay bribes the norm for corporate behavior, the ICC
can alleviate the concern about lost business.

Editor: Are U.S. companies actively involved with TI?

Heimann:  Yes. TI-USA has fourteen corporate supporters: AIG, Arthur Andersen,
Bechtel, BHP Minerals, Boeing, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Coopers & Lybrand, Enron,
GE, GM, Merck, Pfizer, Swipco, and Westinghouse. We expect several others to
join in the future.

Editor: What is the price of entry?

Heimann: Most corporate counsel participants donate $ 10,000/year and
participate in programs and fundraising efforts and offer good counsel.

Editor: Are you also soliciting support from individuals?

Heimann: We have commenced an individual supporter program to respond to the
many requests we receive from individuals who wish to participate.

Editor: What means have you undertaken to stimulate public awareness of your
mission?

Heimann: Media attention has been extensive over the past year, particularly
following the release of the TI Corruption Index, which was covered by The New
York Times, Wall Street Journal, Newsweek, Business Week, and the foreign press.
Many TI-USA members have made presentations at conferences held by bar and other
professional associations.

In addition, a cooperative relationship with the AFL-CIO is being developed
through the efforts of TI-USA board member, Howard Samuel. The AFL-CIO Executive
Council has adopted a resolution supporting the OECD recommendations and has
since mobilized labor groups in key OECD nations to press their governments to
implement the recommendations.

Editor: Where does TI get its financial support?

Heiman:  TI has obtained funding from international development agencies in
Germany, Canada, Denmark, England, Sweden and Switzerland, as well as from the
Global Coalition for Africa and the European Union. Contributions have also been
received from European business groups and foundations.

Editor: What fundraising has been done in the U.S.?

Heiman: In addition to the aforementioned corporate support and funding from the
Ford Foundation, U.S. AID agreed to contribute $ 300,000 to TI, half paid in
1995, the rest in 1996.

Editor: What is happening on the European front?

Heimann: TI-Brussels has prepared a detailed program for action by the European
Union. Members of the European Parliament and EU Commission have expressed
considerable interest and hearings are expected on this promising initiative.

Editor: Would you care to summarize some of the thoughts you have shared with
us?

Heimann: TI's work touches on several critically important issues. First,
corruption is a major cause of political instability, eroding support for
democratic governments all over the world. Second, corruption threatens the
transition from state-controlled to market economies in Russia, Central and
Eastern Europe and elsewhere. Third, corruption causes major humanitarian
problems by undermining development programs in the poorest nations in the
world. Finally, corruption damages the American economy by depriving U.S.
companies of billions of dollars of orders.

Editor: Are you looking for more corporate sponsors?

Heimann: Indeed we are. Anyone wishing to have more information should contact
Nancy Zucker Boswell, the managing director of TI-USA at 202-682-7048.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Fritz F. Heimann

            Copyright 1996 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                October 2, 2006

Commentary: New Orleans needs strong inspector general

BYLINE: CityBusiness Editorial

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 387  words


The New Orleans City Council had a great idea when it voted Sept. 19 to create
the office of inspector general. The inspector general would have a twofold
mission: Help coordinate receipt and use of post-Katrina recovery funding and
investigate any occurrence of corruption by city officials.

The inspector general would be an independent office capable of investigating
all contracts entered into by the mayor. Mayor C. Ray Nagin reportedly is in
favor of such an office, which will come up for a final vote Oct. 19. The office
of inspector general is desperately needed today in New Orleans with billions in
federal aid available to match billions worth of post-Katrina needs. Yet, the
opportunity threatens to overwhelm and escape a city administration reduced to
half its pre-Katrina size. And corruption is a real threat to the recovery,
particularly with such vast sums at stake. Miami, a world-class Florida city
with a long history of sweeping up hurricane debris, has found an inspector
general to be invaluable in expediting storm recovery. But Roland Malan,
executive director of the Philadelphia-based Association of Inspector Generals,
said installing an inspector general is not easy politically. "In the final
analysis, what it amounts to is folks who take that position, whether they
intend it or not, are sending a message that they don't want oversight and they
don't want an openness to their government," Malan said. The New Orleans
ordinance would give the inspector general unfettered power to audit and
investigate "fraud, corruption, conflicts of interest, waste, abuse,
inefficiency, poor performance and illegal acts" in city government. District D
Councilwoman Cynthia Hedge-Morrell wants to limit just how far back the
inspector general can look. That should not be done. Miami Inspector General
Chris Mazzella said limitations on potential inspector general investigations
are tantamount to grandfathering in corruption. The New Orleans City Council
intends to conduct a national search for the inspector general if the plan
passes. The officeholder would be paid an estimated $150,000. New Orleans
desperately needs to inject speed, efficiency and safeguards against corruption
into its dawdling recovery process. If an inspector general can do that, it is a
small price to pay for a vast service.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Jail Sentence For Of Solomons' Man Called 'Win For Anti-Corruption'

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The sentencing of John Poloso for defrauding the state of more than $1.5 million
[US$205,000] sends a strong message to the public according to Transparency
Solomon Islands (TSI).

Last week Mr. Poloso was jailed for two and the half years by Magistrate Jim
Seuika after pleading guilty to two counts of false pretence.

In a statement yesterday TSI said the jailing of the man from Choiseul can be
best described as a win for anti-corruption in the country.

"This is a very important victory for the people of Solomon Islands whose health
money had been siphoned away by means of corruption," said Transparency chief
executive officer (CEO) Daniel Fenua.

"The court ruling serves to remind us that though corruption happens in secrecy
and at times is difficult to detect, one day it will be brought to light and
those responsible will be punished by the law".

TSI believes that this is only the tip of the iceberg and wants to see others
involved in stealing $10 million [US$1.4 million] in health funds be brought
before courts.

"Corruption is a cancer that eats into the very fabric of our society, TSI
wishes to applaud the courage of those individual who put their time and effort
behind this case," Mr Fenua added.

"It's a good win for Solomon Islands anti-corruption investigators".

Given the success of this corruption case TSI believes it is time that other big
corruption cases are investigated.

It is understood that many cases involving high ranking politicians have been
reported to responsible authorities yet there has been no progress in their
investigations.

Failure to balance the rule of law on all citizens will create public distrust
on anti-corruption laws as being selective.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 6, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

EX-OFFICER CALLS CORRUPTION ON POLICE FORCE WIDESPREAD

BYLINE: By ROBERT O. BOORSTIN

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 374 words


David Durk, a retired police lieutenant who played a key role in the Knapp
Commission investigation of New York City police corruption in 1970, said
yesterday that corruption is widespread in the police department, particularly
in precincts in the poorest areas of the city..

''One has to be dangerously misinformed or a liar not to be aware of the extent
of misbehavior, to put it mildly, that's going on on the street level,'' Mr.
Durk said. He made the comments on the WNBC-TV program ''News Forum.''

Mr. Durk, who along with Frank Serpico came forward with allegations of
widespread corruption in the department that led to the formation of the Knapp
Commission, said his judgment was based on conversations with officers in
several precincts.

A Police Department spokesman, Sgt. Tina Mohrmann, said no department official
would respond to Mr. Durk's comments.

In the past, police officials have praised the anticorruption measures
instituted after the Knapp Commission finished its work. Those programs include
a strengthened Internal Affairs Division, special anticorruption training
courses for new recruits and a program of so-called field associates, officers
who voluntarily and confidentially report on suspected wrongdoing in their
precincts.

'Fear' Is Cited

Mr. Durk, who retired from the force in 1980, criticized the field associates
program and other departmental tactics, saying that ''fear'' prevented officers
from coming forward with allegations of corruption.

He noted that the current inquiry, in which 13 officers from the 77th Precinct
have been suspended pending a grand jury investigation of involvement in
stealing money or narcotics from drug dealers, had been set off by dealers'
complaints to their probation officers.

Mr. Durk also criticized what he called a lowering of standards on police exams
and failures in minority recruitment. He charged that more than 100 officers had
lost their service revolvers in the past year. That was double the number in the
previous year, he said.

Asked if police corruption was as serious today as 15 years ago, Mr. Durk said
there was a change in style. ''The corruption hazard is not narcotics, not
gambling, not prostitution,'' he said. ''It's cynicism.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

Wife of ex-Virginia governor sentenced to 366 days in jail for corruption

BYLINE: Simon Carswell

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 519 words


Never has a dietary supplement caused so much political damage. Maureen
McDonnell, wife of the former Virginia governor, will follow her husband Robert
McDonnell into prison after being sentenced to a year and a day for political
corruption.

The McDonnells were convicted on multiple counts of corruption last September
for taking $177,000 (EUR 155,000) in gifts and loans from businessman Jonnie
Williams, chief executive of Star Scientific, who sought to use the prestige of
the Virginia governor's mansion to promote his vitamin supplement Anatabloc.

Robert McDonnell was sentenced to two years in prison last month and is on bail
pending an appeal of both his conviction and sentence.

The former governor, once a rising star in the Republican Party and for a time
tipped as a potential vice presidential candidate, blamed his wife for the
corrupt scheme in a trial that captivated the US political world with
titillating details of a dysfunctional marriage, allegations of improper
relations and shopping sprees in New York.

The gifts bestowed by Mr Williams on Mrs McDonnell included $20,000 in designer
clothes and accessories, an engraved $6,500 Rolex watch she gifted to her
husband, golf trips and holidays.

Mr Williams spent $15,000 on the wedding party of the McDonnells' daughter
Cailin at the governor's mansion in 2011.

In return for all this largesse, Mrs McDonnell spoke about the benefits of
Anatabloc, whose key ingredient is found in tobacco and other plants, at a
seminar and the product, a key product for Mr Williams' loss-making firm, was
launched at the governor's mansion.

"While Mrs McDonnell may have allowed the serpent into the mansion, the governor
knowingly let him into his personal and business affairs," Judge James Spencer
said in sentencing him.

Before her sentencing, Mrs McDonnell pleaded, through tears, for leniency,
seeking to characterise her actions as mistakes, not crimes.

She asked the judge to consider her public ignominy during a six-week trial as
sufficient punishment, telling him that her marriage was "broken" and "my
reputation is shattered," according to local reporters at the Richmond, Virginia
courthouse.

She was the one who "let the serpent" into the mansion, she said, and "the venom
from that snake has poisoned my marriage, has poisoned my family and has
poisoned the commonwealth [of Virginia] that I love."

Mrs McDonnell's overbearing behaviour as Virginia's first lady was a running
theme during the couple's trial. She was described as a "nutbag" by Mr
McDonnell's former chief of staff who claimed that she abused the privileged
trappings of his public office to obtain gifts, shout at staff and even falsely
accuse the governor's chef of attempting to ruin her Christmas by serving "bad
shrimp".

Bob McDonnell is better known in Ireland for lobbying Taoiseach Enda Kenny in
2013 not to proceed with a plan to introduce plain packaging on cigarettes. In
his letter, appealing to Mr Kenny, the Virginia governor referred to their
shared roots "as sons of Co Mayo". Mr McDonnell's state is one of the biggest
tobacco producers and cigarette makers in the US.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                              July 2, 2013 Tuesday

Calcaterra, Rice leading New York's Moreland Commission on corruption

BYLINE: John Callegari

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 516  words


Gov. Andrew Cuomo formally convened his Moreland Commission to investigate
public corruption today, tapping two local ladies to head the powerful reform
panel.

Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice will co-chair the commission,
which brings together district attorneys, police commissioners and U.S.
attorneys, along with Syracuse District Attorney William Fitzpatrick and
prominent New York City lawyer Milton Williams.

Regina Calcaterra, the former chief deputy county executive under Suffolk
Executive Steve Bellone, will serve as the group's executive director, having
recently finished a similar stint with Cuomo's Moreland Commission investigating
the Long Island Power Authority.

Cuomo's most recent panel comes on the heels of the indictments of several
members of the New York State Legislature on corruption charges this spring.

Cuomo submitted a package of anti-corruption legislation following the
indictments, but the Legislature failed to act on those bills before the end of
session in June. Rather than agree to compromise legislation, Cuomo said he
would be creating the Moreland Commission.

"This was a better alternative to any compromise package," Cuomo said today.
"Our obligations as elected officials is to make sure the offenders are punished
and to make sure there is a system in place to prevent wrongdoing. "

The commission will be tasked with both investigating wrongdoing by public
figures and looking at existing laws that need to be changed to prevent
potential abuses of the system. Each commission member will be deputized by
Attorney General Eric Schneiderman to further root out corruption and hold open
meetings. A preliminary report from the commission will be submitted to the
governor at the end of the year, with a final report being completed by the end
of 2014.

But several legislators have fired back at Cuomo's commission, calling it a
witch hunt.

Senate Majority Coalition Co-Leader Dean Skelos, R-Rockville Centre, issued a
warning recently that the Legislature can create investigative committees of its
own with subpoena powers to look into the executive branch.

"Certainly, if the governor runs for office, he's raised close to $30 million in
his campaign committee," Skelos during a public radio program broadcast this
week. "A legislative body can also do things we feel is appropriate. We have an
elections committee. We have the opportunity to do the same type of research
which the governor is proposing to do. "

Aiding the panel in its mission will be the Joint Commission on Public Ethics,
which recently upped the amount of information public officials must disclose on
a yearly basis.

"There will be unprecedented disclosure and transparency now," Cuomo said.
"Never before have elected officials had to put forth such information. "

Cuomo unveiled his Moreland Commission today in Albany and will be making stops
at Binghamton University and Hofstra University later this afternoon to
reiterate the panel's mission.

http://www.libn.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday

Scope of FBI inquiry greater than thought (6:14 a.m.)

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes / For the Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 650 words


EL PASO   The current FBI public corruption investigation is probably bigger
than anyone expected and will likely take two or three more years to be
completed, a national expert said Thursday after more details of the 4-year-old
investigation became public.

U.S. District Court Judge Frank Montalvo on Wednesday denied a motion to make
the case public.

In doing so, he revealed details of the case that disclosed its magnitude,
including that it began in 2004, not 2005, as had been reported.

"This case is bigger than any of the well-known major corruption investigations
that have occurred in New York or Chicago," said Peter Henning, a Wayne State
Law University professor in Detroit who specializes in public corruption
investigations. "This is a very extensive case, and once people get indicted and
people go to court, it will be years before it is over."

Since 2002, more than 100 public officials in New Jersey have been convicted of
federal public corruption charges. In Chicago in 1995, six city representatives
were convicted of accepting bribes.

No one has been indicted in the El Paso investigation, but seven people have
pleaded guilty to various bribery and fraud charges.

While previous court records implicated about 20 El Pasoans in the case,
Wednesday was the first time it was revealed that as many as 80 "persons of
interest" were involved in the investigation. Montalvo's opinion also revealed
that:

Twelve different investigations are ongoing.

Of the 80 persons of interest implicated, 35 are past or present elected
officials, 13 are lawyers and three are former or current judges.

2,300 boxes of evidence have been seized by the FBI.

154 people were told their telephone conversations were intercepted.

And thousands of dollars have been seized from several El Paso businessmen.

"For all of this to play out," Henning said, "it will be at least a year before
any indictments."

When asked about the size and scope of the investigation, David Cuthbertson,
special agent in charge of the FBI's El Paso division, would only say: "The FBI
is conducting this case in such a way that careful consideration is given at
each investigative juncture, due to its magnitude and importance to the El Paso
community. We are devoting the necessary resources and time to this case to
ensure that the rights of the innocent are preserved and the strongest evidence
possible is presented to the U.S. Attorney's Office."

However, at an FBI citizens academy graduation last week, lead investigator
Special Agent Jay Abbott described the El Paso investigation as one of the most
significant public corruption cases in the United States.

He also said this is a history-making case for the community.

El Paso historian Leon Metz, who continually researches El Paso's history, said
he has never encountered any investigation of this size in El Paso. "This is
unique. Offhand, I can't remember reading about or hearing about any
investigation of this size."

In his ruling, Montalvo also talked about the size and impact of the
investigation.

"The court is well aware of and understands the public's keen interest in the
proceedings and documents associated with this case. On every occasion in which
a hearing and documents have been held confidentially, the Court has weighed the
public's right of access against the Government's need to maintain the integrity
of its lengthy, complex and ongoing investigation into public corruption, which
the media itself has conceded is critically important to the community's future
prospects," the judge wrote.

In his ruling, Montalvo did order some records to be unsealed, including the
bond orders and release orders for the seven people who have pleaded guilty.
None of those records were available late Thursday.

Ramon Bracamontes reports for the El Paso Times, a member of the Texas-New
Mexico Newspapers Partnership, and may be reached at
rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com ; 546-6142.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 1, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Running Government as a Cash Business

BYLINE: By RUSS BUETTNER

SECTION: Section WK; Column 0; Week in Review Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 854 words


The lawyer for Rod R. Blagojevich urged jurors last week to acquit his client of
corruption charges, in part because Mr. Blagojevich, the chatty former governor
of Illinois, was simply too dull to carry out the devious schemes of which he
stands accused.

No one would say he is ''the sharpest knife in the drawer,'' his lawyer, Sam
Adam Jr., told jurors during closing arguments.

In the annals of public corruption cases, that would be a novel, though not
entirely unprecedented, defense.

Official corruption is much in the news lately -- including an upcoming House
ethics trial against Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York and expected
ethics charges against Representative Maxine Waters, Democrat of California. So
it might be worth revisiting a few politicians who appear to have gotten away
with their misdeeds, and some who nearly did.

The folksy Illinois secretary of state, Paul Powell, was under no suspicion of
wrongdoing when, in 1970, he died in a hotel room he was sharing with his
personal secretary.

After moving beyond the tawdry circumstances of his death, investigators
discovered cash in every nook of Mr. Powell's life: hundreds of thousands of
dollars in shoe boxes, bowling ball bags and his office safe. He was eventually
found to have taken kickbacks from employees, bribes from lobbyists -- and more
than $200,000 in coins.

''He had a daily or weekly habit of walking down to the basement of the Capitol
and confiscating piles of coins from the vending machines,'' said Kim Long,
author of ''The Almanac of Political Corruption, Scandals and Dirty Politics.''

William Hale Thompson served as mayor of Chicago for all but four years from
1915 through 1931, an era marked by Al Capone and Prohibition. He had been born
wealthy, and upon his death in 1944, his lawyer valued the estate at $150,000.
But when state agents opened two safe deposit boxes in his name, they found $1.5
million in cash, the equivalent of about $18.6 million today.

Of course, no trip through the landscape of public corruption would be complete
without a brief stop in New Jersey.

Harold G. Hoffman, a former New Jersey governor and congressman who died in
1954, enjoyed a largely unblemished career in politics. But he apparently was
riddled with guilt near the end.

Mr. Hoffman left his daughter a letter, to be opened upon his death, detailing a
lifetime of corruption, including embezzling up to $50,000 a month when he was
commissioner of motor vehicles and $300,000 from a bank. He said he had always
hoped to pay the money back and asked his daughter ''to do what you know must be
done.''

Among politicians who got caught, some escaped more serious consequences simply
by resigning.

James John Walker, known as Jimmy, resigned as New York City mayor in 1932
rather than face removal from office and possible indictment on corruption
charges.

Spiro T. Agnew, the vice president under Richard M. Nixon, resigned in 1973 amid
a federal investigation into bribery and extortion. He had pocketed tens of
thousands of dollars in kickbacks while governor and a county executive in
Maryland. Forced out of office, he was allowed to plead no contest to a single
charge of income tax evasion. He was sentenced to three years of unsupervised
probation, fined $10,000 and went on to become a successful business consultant.

Others escaped justice quite literally.

James Williams Tate, a Kentucky state treasurer known as ''Honest Dick,''
disappeared in 1888, just before it was discovered that he had embezzled
$150,000 from state funds. Newspapers followed rumors of his whereabouts abroad,
including in China, Japan and Brazil.

''He wrote home to his wife for a year and then his letters ceased entirely, and
now it is stated by his friends, who should know, that he is dead,'' The New
York Times reported in 1890.

Then there was David Friedland, a state senator from New Jersey, who disappeared
after staging a fatal scuba diving accident in 1985 as he was awaiting
sentencing for fraud. In 1988, he was caught on the Maldives, a chain of islands
in the Indian Ocean, where he had built a successful chain of dive shops, and
served about nine years of a 15-year sentence.

''He was really too successful,'' said one federal investigator. ''If he had
elected to become low profile, he might still be at large.''

Obviously, not every official who gets investigated is charged, and not every
official who is charged is guilty. Prosecutors have wide discretion in selecting
cases.

Michele Hirshman, a former chief of the public corruption unit in the United
States attorney's office for the Southern District of New York, said she had
focused on cases that uncovered a significant betrayal of the public's trust.

She added that prosecutors faced special challenges in proving such cases, like
needing insiders to reveal the motivations of those involved.

It turned out that Mr. Powell, the Illinois official who kept his cash in shoe
boxes, was not shy about his motivations, though his crimes were not discovered
until he was dead.

''There's only one thing worse than a defeated politician,'' he once said.
''That's a defeated and broke politician.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: SURPRISE :Officials in Chicago discovered $1.5 million in cash
in safety deposit boxes belonging to Mayor William Hale Thompson, above, who ran
the city during Prohibition. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARIE HANSEN/TIME LIFE PICTURES --
GETTY IMAGES
PACIFIC & ATLANTIC/NY DAILY NEWS ARCHIVE, VIA GETTY IMAGES)
MILLION-DOLLAR SMILE: Gov. Harold G. Hoffman of New Jersey. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
BETTMANN/CORBI)
 KICKBACKS: Vice President Spiro Agnew was forced to resign. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             May 13, 2008, Tuesday

News briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6C

LENGTH: 868 words


Iraqi corruption ignored, former U.S. officials say

WASHINGTON - The Bush administration repeatedly ignored corruption at the
highest levels within the Iraqi government and kept secret potentially
embarrassing information so as not to undermine its relationship with Baghdad,
according to two former State Department employees.

Arthur Brennan, who briefly served in Baghdad as head of the department's Office
of Accountability and Transparency last year, and James Mattil, who worked as
the chief of staff, told Senate Democrats on Monday that their office was
understaffed and its warnings and recommendations ignored.

Brennan also alleges the State Department prevented a congressional aide
visiting Baghdad from talking with staffers by insisting they were too busy. In
reality, Brennan said, office members were watching movies at the embassy and on
their computers. The staffers' workload had been cut dramatically because of
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki's "evisceration'' of Iraq's top anti-
corruption office, he said.

The State Department's policies "not only contradicted the anti-corruption
mission but indirectly contributed to and has allowed corruption to fester at
the highest levels of the Iraqi government,'' Brennan told the Senate Democratic
Policy Committee.

The U.S. Embassy "effort against corruption - including its new centerpiece, the
now-defunct Office of Accountability and Transparency - was little more than
'window dressing,''' he added.

Hundreds evacuated as houses burn in Fla.

DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - Dry, windy weather fueled several wildfires on Florida's
central Atlantic coast Monday, destroying at least three homes and driving
hundreds of residents away as the governor declared a state of emergency.

The largest fire, a 3,000-acre blaze in Brevard County, destroyed at least two
homes, including the house Butch Vanfleet built in 1980 and tried in vain to
protect with a garden hose.

Vanfleet, 59, said the fire had reached the doorstep of the house in Malabar
when he and his family fled Sunday evening. All that stood Monday was the
chimney and a stone wall.

Vanfleet said he will rebuild.

"It's devastation,'' he said. "All you see is nothing but ash in between the
palm trees and the palmetto. There's no grass. The fire just came so quickly, we
barely got out of there.''

ATF chief links crime, lack of police funding

WASHINGTON - Violent crime has increased in some cities in recent years in part
because local police are too cash-strapped to fight it, the ATF chief said
Monday.

The comments by Michael J. Sullivan, acting director of the Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, echo pleas by mayors across the country for
more federal dollars to combat crime.

In an interview with The Associated Press, Sullivan called battling violent
crime the No. 1 priority of ATF and said the agency is trying to help cities
with federal task forces and technology.

Sullivan also said many cities no longer have the police manpower to respond to
calls as quickly as they once did.

"Some of these jurisdictions that have seen an uptick with regard to violent
crime - it's coming at a time when their budgets have been pretty strapped,''
Sullivan told the AP.

Study author defends work with embryo

NEW YORK - News that scientists have for the first time genetically altered a
human embryo is drawing fire from some watchdog groups that say it's a step
toward creating "designer babies.''

But an author of the study says the work was focused on stem cells. He notes
that the researchers used an abnormal embryo that could never have developed
into a baby anyway.

"None of us wants to make designer babies,'' said Dr. Zev Rosenwaks, director of
the Center for Reproductive Medicine and Infertility at New
York-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center.

The idea of designer babies is that someday, scientists may insert particular
genes into embryos to produce babies with desired traits like intelligence or
athletic ability. Some people find that notion repugnant, saying it turns
children into designed objects, and would create an unequal society where some
people are genetically enriched while others would be considered inferior.

The study appears to be the first report of genetically modifying a human
embryo. It was presented last fall at a meeting of the American Society for
Reproductive Medicine, but didn't draw widespread public attention then. The
result was reported over the weekend by The Sunday Times of London, which said
British authorities highlighted the work in a recent report.

57 officers slain in line of duty in '07, FBI says

WASHINGTON- The FBI says 57 law enforcement officers were slain in the line of
duty last year, up from 48 the previous year.

A report issued by the bureau Monday says most of the 57 officers were killed
with guns - 38 with handguns, nine with shotguns and eight with rifles. Two
officers were killed with vehicles.

Eleven of the officers fired their own weapons during the incidents and 14
attempted to do so. Weapons were stolen from four of the slain officers and two
were killed with their weapons.

The FBI says an additional 83 officers were killed accidentally while on duty,
up from 66 the previous year.

Compiled from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 10, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

In America;
A Warning Shot

BYLINE: By BOB HERBERT

SECTION: Section 4;  Page 19;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 703 words


The Mollen Commission report on corruption in the New York City Police
Department could have been subtitled "Gangsters in Blue."

We used to think of corrupt cops as rascals and rogues, an unkempt cadre of
donut connoisseurs who were paid modest sums to look the other way while bookies
and prostitutes did their thing. We could imagine the officers as family men who
used the money to remodel the den or help with the payments to the kids'
orthodontist.

We can't imagine that anymore. Not after the Mollen report.

The new forms of police corruption, according to the report, are "far more
criminal, violent and premeditated" than the misdeeds of a generation ago.
Corruption now encompasses the grossest forms of violent crime, including gangs
of uniformed cops "routinely" storming drug locations to steal narcotics, money,
weapons and whatever else might be handy.

In the new world of police corruption, you have on-duty police officers "riding
shotgun" for drug dealers. These are cops who have willingly accepted the
humiliating role of criminal flunky. They provide armed escorts for dealers
transporting large amounts of narcotics and cash.

The commission also found cops who became drug dealers themselves, setting up
their own narcotics distribution networks.

Cops as criminals. Cops as villains. Cops as racketeers. People in the ghetto
have been saying for years that this is the case. Hardly anyone would listen.
Now the Mollen report tells us that while most officers are indeed honest and
hard-working, serious and often violent criminal behavior by the police is
widespread.

The report said, "We found that the New York City Police Department had largely
abandoned its responsibility to police itself and had failed to create a culture
dedicated to rooting out corruption."

Warnings don't get much louder than this. The behavior documented in the report
is so egregious it would seem to warrant immediate and drastic remedies. But the
response of the Giuliani administration to the report and its recommendations
has been cool. This is not an administration anxious to take action that will
offend the police.

The report makes it clear that some serious new anti-corruption measures have
already been instituted by the Police Department. But the commission's most
important recommendation calls for the establishment of an independent Police
Commission with broad authority to investigate corruption.

The Police Commissioner, William Bratton, is opposed to that. In fact, despite
the horrendous corruption revelations of the past few years, he is opposed to
any independent watchdog agency with subpoena power.

Mayor Giuliani is tiptoeing around the issue. But it is unlikely he will give
the thumbs up to a Police Commission. In fact, the city reportedly is making
plans to have the Department of Investigation serve as a police corruption
monitor.

The department is under the Mayor's direct control, and Mr. Giuliani has argued
that using it as a police monitor would be a way of showing that the Police
Department is no more or less deserving of official scrutiny than any other city
agency. But that is an extremely bogus argument considering the kinds of crime
that have been uncovered, and the fact that the police have the power to deprive
individuals of their liberty and, in certain circumstances, their lives.

A cop with a loaded gun certainly merits closer scrutiny than a bureaucrat
wielding a ball point pen.

As usual, however, politics will prevail. The Mayor is beholden to the Police
Department and its unions, and they don't want a truly independent outside
monitor. Soon after the Mollen Commission got under way two years ago, the
Captains Benevolent Association filed a lawsuit in an attempt to have the
commission dissolved. The Patrolmen's Benevolent Association has been openly
contemptuous of the commission and would not cooperate during its investigation.

A major opportunity is about to slip away. If a permanent independent authority
is not established now to fight police corruption, the gangsters in blue will
have won a great victory. And a great Police Department, already badly tainted,
will be vulnerable to further degradation.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Corruption Trial Begins For a Bronx Assemblyman

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 608 words


At some point during his first term as an assemblyman, Eric A. Stevenson made a
portentous decision: He decided ''to sell official actions in exchange for
thousands of dollars in cash,'' a federal prosecutor told a Manhattan jury on
Tuesday.

The prosecutor, Brian A. Jacobs, said that Mr. Stevenson, 47, had taken more
than $20,000 in bribes to help four businessmen build an adult day care center
in his district in the South Bronx.

Mr. Stevenson, a Democrat, then introduced legislation that would have made it
illegal for competing centers to open in New York City for three years, a step
worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to the businessmen who had bribed him,
Mr. Jacobs said.

''Why did Mr. Stevenson do all these things? It's simple: money and greed,'' Mr.
Jacobs said in an opening statement in Mr. Stevenson's trial on corruption
charges in Federal District Court.

The trial is the first growing out of a corruption scandal that rocked Albany in
April when Preet Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, announced
charges against Mr. Stevenson and said that another Democratic assemblyman,
Nelson L. Castro, had resigned and was cooperating with the government.

Two days earlier, Mr. Bharara had announced charges against State Senator
Malcolm A. Smith, accusing him of planning to bribe his way onto the ballot to
run for mayor of New York. He has pleaded not guilty.

Mr. Bharara at the time said the cases made it clear that ''a show-me-the-money
culture in Albany is alive and well.''

Mr. Stevenson's lawyer, Muhammad Ibn Bashir, in his opening statement portrayed
his client as someone who had been taken advantage of by a corrupt political
operative who was out to save himself.

The operative, Sigfredo Gonzalez, who in 2008 lost an election for the 79th
District Assembly seat now held by Mr. Stevenson, had begun cooperating with
authorities after he was caught trying to bribe Mr. Castro, who was already
assisting the government.

Mr. Gonzalez, who on Tuesday testified that he once worked in the administration
of Gov. George E. Pataki on Hispanic issues, said that as part of a deal with
the government, he pleaded guilty to a series of crimes, including participating
in an insurance scheme, lying to the government and bribing an elected official.

Mr. Gonzalez had helped the government make secret recordings of Mr. Stevenson's
discussions with the businessmen, all of whom have since pleaded guilty to
conspiracy.

''The conversations about money are always going to be initiated by Sigfredo
Gonzalez at the behest -- and probably at the instruction -- of the agents who
are handling him,'' Mr. Bashir told the jury. He said the effort had been ''to
lure a good man to be seen as a bad man.''

The government has given no indication that Mr. Castro will testify for the
prosecution.

Mr. Stevenson was first elected to the Assembly in 2010, and was re-elected in
2012. His Bronx political roots are deep: His grandfather, Edward A. Stevenson
Sr., served as an assemblyman, and his father, Edward A. Stevenson Jr., was a
district leader.

In a recording played for the jury on Tuesday, Mr. Gonzalez and Mr. Stevenson
discussed what to call the proposed day care center. Mr. Gonzalez suggested
naming it after Mr. Stevenson's grandfather.

''You get to name it what you want to name it?'' Mr. Stevenson asked a little
later.

''We can name it whatever the hell we want to name it,'' Mr. Gonzalez replied.
''You can name it the Lola Falana. You can name it, you know, Mick Jagger
Center, whatever you want to name it, you can name it.''

''Yeah, that ain't the point,'' Mr. Stevenson agreed, adding that he would look
around for a location.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/08/nyregion/corruption
-trial-begins-for-a-bronx-assemblyman.html

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 20, 1990, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

5 Indicted in Latest Inquiry Into Corruption in Chicago

BYLINE: By WILLIAM E. SCHMIDT, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Dec. 19


Revealing what Federal prosecutors described as a "movable feast" of public
corruption, in which government officials are said to have conspired to fix
everything from zoning cases to murder trials, a Federal grand jury here brought
a wide range of criminal charges against five men today. The defendants include
a former Cook County Circuit Court judge, a State Senator and a longtime Chicago
city Alderman.

The charges, included in three indictments, were announced at a news conference
by Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and the Director of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, William S. Sessions.

The indictments are the result of a Federal investigation, code-named Operation
Gambat, which the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois,
Fred Foreman, said would continue to focus on official corruption in Chicago's
First Ward, which includes the city's downtown area.

This is at least the third major Federal inquiry into official corruption in the
Chicago courts and political system within recent years. Operation Graylord, a
sweeping investigation into corruption in the Cook County courts, has resulted
in the convictions of more than 70 people, including 15 judges, since the
mid-1980's. Operation Incubator has obtained about a dozen convictions or guilty
pleas, including those from five members of the City Council and a former aide
to the late Mayor Harold Washington.

'Fixed' Murder Trials

Among the accusations are that two of the men were involved in efforts to fix
two separate murder trials. In both instances, the murder defendants were
acquitted by judges, who heard the cases without juries.

In the first murder case, prosecutors say Pasquale Marcy, a 77-year-old official
in the First Ward Democratic organization, fixed the 1977 murder trial of Harry
Aleman, who was accused of killing a teamsters' union steward, by paying $10,000
to the judge assigned to hear the case. In the second, Mr. Marcy and Fred Roti,
the First Ward's Alderman since 1969, are accused of having accepted $75,000 in
exchange for fixing the trial of three men accused of a 1981 murder in the
city's Chinatown neighborhood.

The indictment does not name the judges who presided over the murder cases.
Prosecutors refused to answer further questions at the news conference about the
murder cases beyond the few details laid out in the indictments.

The allegations involving the murder cases are in the first of the three
indictments. That indictment charges Mr. Marcy and Mr. Roti with multiple counts
of racketeering, racketeering conspiracy, bribery and extortion in various
attempts to fix a wide range of matters, including the results of civil bench
trials, other criminal cases, zoning chanaes and judicial appointments.

Indictment of Judge

In the second indictment, Federal prosecutors named David J. Shields, 58,
formerly the presiding judge of the Chancery Division of the Cook County Circuit
Court; and Pasquale F. De Leo, 45, a lawyer, on charges of extortion, false
statements and other criminal acts in connection with attempts to fix a civil
case -- filed by undercover Federal agents posing as litigants -- before Judge
Shields in 1988.

In the third indictment, prosecutors charged John A. D'Arco Jr., 46, an Illinois
State Senator for 13 years, with extortion and tax fraud. The indictment says
Mr. D'Arco, whose district includes parts of Mr. Roti's ward, extorted $7,500 in
exchange for promising to introduce into the Legislature a bill to allow a
travel insurance business to sell insurance without the required state license.

Prosecutors said the defendants were not taken into custody, and had agreed to
surrender themselves for arraignent later this week or next. If convicted on all
counts, Mr. Marcy would face 205 years in prison and fines of $3.5 million; Mr.
Roti, 170 years and $2.75 million; Judge Shields, 95 years and $1.75 million;
Senator D'Arco, 43 years and $750,000, and Mr. De Leo, 85 years and $1.25
million.

Except for Mr. Roti, the defendants had no immediate comment after the
announcment. The Alderman said he did not intend to change his plan to seek
re-election in February.

A Hidden Microphone

According to one indictment, some evidence against Mr. D'Arco, Judge Shields and
others came from Robert J. Cooley, a lawyer and former police officer who was a
friend of First Ward politicians but was working as an undercover agent on
behalf of Federal agents. Mr. Cooley, who reportedly wore a hidden microphone
and taped many hours of conversations, was taken into protective Federal custody
late last year, according to published reports here.

Mr. Thornburgh refused to respond to questions about whether prosecutors were
seeking links between First Ward political figures and organized crime, except
to advise reporters to "stay tuned."

A Familiar Chicago Ritual

For many Chicagoans, the announcement of the indictments was regarded as a
familiar ritual, in which Justice Department lawyers periodically appear before
cameras to announce a new batch of criminal indictments, charging this or that
group of Chicago politicians with criminal malfeasance and breach of the public
trust.

To some in the city, it only underscores what Joseph Epstein, a writer who lives
in Chicago, wrote in a 1987 essay, when he said that Chicago "remains a city
that stands in refutation of Lord Acton's maxim by demonstrating, again and
again, that only a small amount of power can corrupt absolutely."

But asked today if this latest round of indictments was proof that Chicago was
somehow more corrupt than other cities, Mr. Thornburgh replied, "That would be
an easy conclusion to come to, but I don't think it would be fair." He suggested
the numbers of cases brought were more a reflection of "relentless investigation
and prosecution than some kind of epidemic."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Attorney General Dick Thornburgh announcing political corruption
indictments in Chicago. With him at news conference was Fred Foreman, United
States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois. (Steve Kagan for The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 1, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

THE LINKS BETWEEN LaROUCHE AND NEW YORK CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By Daniel Patrick Moynihan; Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Democrat of New
York, has served in the Senate since 1977.

SECTION: Section A; Page 31, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 1102 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


With a third of a century of political work behind me, I am presumably one of
the senior Democrats in New York. It ought then to be expected that I should
have something to say about two events that just now have our local and our
national party reeling.

The events are the wrenching revelations of corruption in the Democratic
administration of New York City, and the seemingly equally sudden emergence of
the neo-fascist followers of Lyndon H. LaRouche in Democratic primary contests
across the nation - dramatized most visibly by their victories in important
primary races in Illinois.

To attempt to explain these events, and indeed to suggest some links between
them, is in no way to excuse them. On March 12, I spoke to the annual dinner of
the New York State Democratic Committee on the first matter - the matter of
corruption. For those in attendance who might not have known what senators do,
it was time to be a bit more explicit. For one thing, senators choose United
States attorneys and district judges. One such prosecutor I had chosen had sent
Joseph Margiotta of Nassau County, among the most powerful local Republican
Party leaders of this century, to prison. It should be understood, I said, that
''the same will be the fate of figures in our party if that is their due.''

Indeed, I went on, ''let the grifters and the boodlers and those who were merely
playing a piano downstairs hear this: Pray God you do not appear before one of
the judges I have chosen for the Federal bench, for almost the first of their
convictions is that public corruption is more than crime, it is betrayal, and is
contemptible and unforgivable.''

Then, on March 23, I spoke on the subject of the LaRouchites at the Jewish
Community Council of Washington Heights and Inwood. In 1983, that community had
faced a genuine assault by these totalitarian, anti-Semitic (and once
Trotskyite) candidates in the school board elections. The community had fought
back and won.

It was an honorable victory, I said, but not all that surprising. When it is
made clear to the electorate who these people are, support for them becomes very
thin. Not thin enough, but still. . . .

I was challenged in the 1982 Senate primary by a follower of Mr. LaRouche. He
went on to win only 15 percent of the vote, but we worried about him, and ended
up spending twice as much in the primary as in the general election.

However, neither event broke the LaRouche momentum, which began in New York
City's 1981 Democratic mayoralty campaign, when the LaRouche candidate was not
challenged. To the contrary, he was treated as a legitimate candidate in our
party for one of the highest offices we customarily control. Soon the movement
metastasized and spread coast-to-coast.

What is common to these events is a great weakening of the Democratic Party as a
political institution, brought about by the rise of primary elections and the
way we choose candidates for public office. (Republicans have been affected
also, but they don't have our tasks such as governing cities the like of New
York and Chicago.) It comes to this. The only reason serious people will give
serious time to work for a political party is that by doing so, they have some
say as to whom their party nominates, and with luck, elects to office. Reduce
that possibility - as the primary system does by rewarding candidates who have
lots of cash, and thus exposure, or who have extremist views, and thus
fanatically dedicated followers - and the uses of a political party are reduced
to two: debating practice or plunder. New York City provides a mix of both.

Distrust of political parties is perhaps the oldest of our political traditions.
Witness James Madison's doubts in The Federalist Papers. As an expression of
that distrust, the di-rect primary emerged at the turn of the century as part of
the Progressive assault on the Republican machines of the farm states.

But it has become a dominant political mode only in the past few decades, first
as a means of choosing Presidential nominees, and thence down through the
system. Mostly, television did this by making plebiscitary choices more
interesting and feasible than organizational ones.

All to the good, it might seem. Until some of the bad appears.

The primary system makes money the primary arbiter of political outcomes. Not
the only. But from a third of a century of encounters with both plebiscitary and
organizational arrangements, I would say the main. A discernible advantage also
goes to fanatic, single-minded, single-issue campaigns.

In this setting, political organizations are easily ignored or readily
penetrated. As a matter of principle, Richard J. Daley would never have allowed
LaRouchites into his party councils. He avoided contests. As a matter of, well,
policy, Carmine DeSapio would have been equally resistant. But no one fought
them in the Chicago of 1986 or the New York of 1981. It was no one's duty and
evidently no one's perceived interest. (Would you like a sample from the
''humor'' column of the LaRouche publication, New Solidarity? Q.: What's the
meaning of the ''gay rights movement?'' A.: A Nazi faggot dancing the hora.)
There will continue to be much talk of limiting the influence of money in
politics, and this will come mostly from people who have lots of it. (By my
calculation, more than half the Senate is now made up of millionaires.) I doubt
that much will happen, not least because we are beginning to sense the class
advantage that campaign laws confer on the already rich. But it is possible to
hope that election laws can be changed to give party conventions more of a say
in the effective choice of candidates, and to give parties powers to resist
intrusion by elements wholly at odds with their own principles.

John LoCicero, a principal political strategist in the 1981 New York mayoral
primary, has recently been quoted as saying that ''we didn't challenge anyone's
signatures'' because ''it's not part of the democratic process.'' That is a
perfectly honorable statement but calamitously wrong. The democratic process is
not abetted by admitting neo-fascists to the Democratic Party. Let them have
their own party if they like, but keep them out of ours.

Nor is the interest in honest government served by allowing the Democratic Party
in the city to lapse into desuetude save as an instrument of low-grade larceny
that true buccaneers won't be bothered with and true citizens won't touch.

Something like the future of the oldest political party on earth is at stake in
these matters and that has something to do with the future of this Republic.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 23, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Extortion Tied to Lax Supervision

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1191 words


It was conceived as a novel remedy to cure a chronic New York City corruption
problem. Every workday, 2,000 building inspectors would make their rounds
dressed in gleaming green uniforms with one item missing -- pockets.

In 1966, exasperated by an unending wave of graft and extortion arrests in his
agency, Charles G. Moerdler, who was then the Buildings Commissioner, decided
that a drastic symbol was needed to show City Hall's determination to prevent
corruption. Requiring inspectors to don pocketless uniforms, he said, would make
them easily recognizable and deter them from accepting bribes to overlook code
violations or to expedite the opening of new buildings.

The City Council, however, killed the proposal as impractical, and Mr. Moerdler
resigned soon afterward. "There was no real support in the city government for
cleaning up the corruption mess," Mr. Moerdler said recently, recalling the
demise of his plan 23 years ago.

Now, after another round of corruption scandals -- with 25 current and former
Buildings Department plumbing inspectors and 11 Sanitation Department
Enforcement Division agents arrested in the last three weeks on extortion
charges -- city officials are still groping for new tactics to end kickbacks.

Familiar Since Boss Tweed

Corruption in the city's inspection and regulatory agencies has been a familiar
theme since the notorious era of Tammany Hall's Boss Tweed in the 1860's and
1870's. In the last century, city officials have tried a stew of strategems to
undermine corruption while enforcing the city's myriad buildings, health,
sanitation, environmental and traffic laws.

The anti-corruption methods have included Civil Service tests instead of
political appointments, giving inspectors salaries and pensions comparable to
private industry's, creating the Department of Investigation in 1938 and
strengthening it in 1987.

But Susan E. Shepard, the city's Investigation Commissioner, says extortion and
fraud inquiries in the last two years at the Buildings and Sanitation
departments and Taxi and Limousine Commission have exposed faulty management and
lax supervision. In an interview she cited practices that let corruption
flourish:

* Inspectors were rarely rotated from zones or assignments, enabling them to
develop cozy relations with contractors, landlords, taxi owners and merchants.

* Supervisors, who sometimes were implicated in corruption and who shared in
payoffs, were responsible for assigning dishonest inspectors to their routes.

* No independent checks were randomly made by the agencies to verify the
findings of inspectors or to determine whether inspectors or supervisors
pressured building developers, construction contractors and storekeepers for
bribes.

* Top officials failed to install computer systems that could detect corruption
patterns, like a decline in the number of summonses being issued in specific
areas or delays by inspectors in filing reports.

Previously, managers in most city agencies were rarely held accountable for
corruption in their units, said Ms. Shepard. Until recently, she added,
establishing corruption control policies was generally a low priority.

"We should penalize managers who don't manage and supervisors who don't
supervise," she said.

Officials in the Taxi and Limousine Commission, the Sanitation Department and
the Buildings Department say that Ms. Shepard's principal recommendations, to
rotate inspectors frequently and to monitor their work closely, have been
adopted or will be.

Ms. Shepard, a former Federal prosecutor, was appointed in 1990 by Mayor David
N. Dinkins to head the Investigation Department. Citing the city's finances, the
Dinkins administration cut the department's budget this year to $18.8 million
from $27.8 million in 1990. The agency's investigators and support staff have
been cut to 269 from 440 in 1990.

Jeff Maclin, a spokesman for Mayor Dinkins, said, "There has been a lot less
corruption in this government than in the past." He said recommendations by the
Investigation Department had been used by agencies "as tools to reform their
management practices" and to develop anti-corruption strategies.

Rich Breeding Ground

Even with staff cuts, Ms. Shepard said the department referred about 360
corruption and fraud cases last year to state and Federal prosecutors compared
with 330 in 1990.

The sheer scope and complexity of the city's business regulations, and the huge
number of city workers used to enforce the rules, provide a rich breeding ground
for corruption.

According to the Investigation Department, a small army of 5,600 inspectors and
agents from 10 city departments and commissions enforce regulations. They
inspect buildings, restaurants and stores, and some can issue fines for auto
parking violations, sidewalk litter, a rigged scale in a delicatessen, a
polluted smokestack or a leaky water pipe.

And the authority often overlaps. For example, every restaurant in the city is
periodically inspected by the departments of Health, Buildings, Sanitation, Fire
and Consumer Affairs. If a restaurant opens a sidewalk cafe, the Department of
Transportation also has jurisdiction because it could affect of street traffic.

Undercover Possibilities

Lawrence W. Sherman, a professor of criminology at the University of Maryland,
and Philip M. Clark, a consultant to cities and Federal agencies on corruption
deterrents, urged the city in interviews to consider two undercover ploys:
planting spies in inspection forces and using stings -- integrity tests to
determine the corruptability of employees.

An integrity test, Mr. Sherman said, could involve undercover investigators
suggesting a bribe to a parking-meter inspector who is preparing to issue a $50
or $100 ticket. Or agents could be stationed in stores and restaurants on a day
a Buildings or Health Department inspector is scheduled to appear to see whether
the inspector hints at a bribe.

"Some inspectors, if they know they are never being checked, will feel they can
get away with anything." Mr. Clark said.

Sanitation enforcement agents and building inspectors said in interviews that
low salaries, little hope of promotion and poor working conditions induced
fellow employees to accept graft. The average salary for a sanitation inspector
is $21,000 a year; for a taxi inspector, $25,000; for a restaurant inspector,
$27,000 and for a buildings inspector, $28,000.

Stanley Hill, the executive director of District Council 37, the largest
municipal employees union in the city, called the issue exaggerated. "Whether it
is the Parking Violations Bureau or asbestos abatement," he said in a statement,
"it is the contractors who are getting rich, the city employees who are being
blamed and the public who is getting the shaft."

Richard C. Wade, a professor of urban history at the City University Graduate
Center, said that early 20th-century reformers felt sure that merit tests and
civil service job security would produce an honest, efficient work force and
high status to a career in municipal government.

"Unfortunately, it has not worked out that way," he added.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "Corruption: Inspecting the Inspectors" -- Recent corruption
scandals involving city inspectors, and the response by city agencies.

Health Department, 1988

Problem: 37 restaurant inspectors and 9 industry consultants arrested and
convicted of extortion or offering bribes.

Remedies: 80 inspectors have no specific zones and are assigned to different
boroughs at random; all restaurants undergo two separate reviews by different
inspectors to confirm findings.

 Buildings Department, 1991-92

Problem: 23 inspectors in construction division indicted for extortion in
granting certificates of occupancy permitting office and residential buildings
to open.

Remedies: 57 inspectors no longer choose own routes, are frequently rotated to
different boroughs. Every request by building owner for certificate of occupancy
must be approved or rejected by division within one day to prevent inspectors
from obtaining bribes through delays in approval.

 Taxi and Limousine Commission, 1992

Problem: 23 inspectors in Safety and Emissions Division convicted of accepting
about $500 a week each in bribes.

Remedies: Eight of 500 taxis inspected daily are randomly reinspected by
supervisory team after being approved by inspectors. Next year 200 inspectors
will be periodically rotated between street enforcement and safety inspections;
computer system being developed to monitor performances of inspectors for
possible corruption patterns.

 Buildings Department, Sept. 30, 1993

Problem: 25 current and former plumbing inspectors arrested on extortion
charges.

Remedies: Inspections by 26 remaining inspectors to be randomly double-checked
by supervisors; inspectors required to file reports with central office as soon
as inspections are completed. Dinkins administration has asked City Council to
authorize transfer of plumbing inspections to a proposed not-for-profit private
corporation.

 Sanitation Department, Oct. 13, 1993

Problem: 11 current and former agents and supervisors in Enforcement Division
accused of extortion.

Remedies: On Monday 157 agents and 46 sergeants and lieutenants will be
reassigned to different zones or districts, and new rotation system will require
frequent transfers.

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

U.S. attorney brought down a vice president

BYLINE: Bart Barnes

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 805 words


George Beall, the federal prosecutor for Maryland whose supervision of a
political corruption investigation forced the 1973 resignation of Vice President
Spiro T. Agnew, died Jan. 15 at his home in Naples, Fla. He was 79.

The cause was brain cancer, said his wife, Carolyn Campbell Beall.

Mr. Beall (pronounced "bell") was the scion a prominent family of Maryland
Republicans. His father and brother, J. Glenn Beall and J. Glenn Beall Jr.,
respectively, served in the U.S. Senate. And Mr. Beall, who was the U.S.
attorney for Maryland from 1970 to 1975, was an appointee of President Richard
M. Nixon, a Republican.

He stepped into a job with a long-standing tradition of prosecuting public
officeholders, among them Sen. Daniel Brewster (D-Md.), Rep. Thomas Johnson
(D-Md.) and Jesse Baggett, the chairman of the Prince George's County
Commission. Mr. Beall vowed to continue that tradition. "Corruption of public
officials is heinous, abominable, and has to be ferreted out," the 32-year-old
Mr. Beall told The Washington Post in 1970.

In Agnew's case, the investigation began with a report of a kickback scheme in
suburban Baltimore County, where Agnew had been elected county executive in
1962. According to information uncovered by prosecutors, it had been a practice
for some time that public officeholders demanded sub rosa payments from
engineers and builders for government construction jobs.

Agnew, who was elected Maryland governor in 1966 and picked by Nixon for his
vice president in 1968, had accepted such payments, prosecutors said.

Eventually, Agnew accepted a deal in which he would plead no contest to a single
charge of tax evasion and resign the vice presidency, which he did in October
1973. He also was fined $10,000. Rep. Gerald R. Ford (R-Mich.) replaced Agnew
and then became president after Nixon resigned in August 1974.

George Beall VIII was born in Frostburg, Md., on Aug 17, 1937. He rarely if ever
used the numerals after his name, his wife said.

His family traced its roots in America to the 1600s, and one of the early George
Bealls was a Maryland landholder in a section of the state that now is
Washington's Georgetown neighborhood. His father was chairman of the Maryland
State Road Commission, a state senator, a member of the U.S. House of
Representatives and, from 1953 to 1965, a member of the U.S. Senate.

George Beall graduated from the private Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire
and in 1959 from Princeton University. He received a law degree from the
University of Virginia in 1963 and began practicing law in Baltimore.

He had prosecuted no cases when he took the state's attorney job. Over the next
five years, his office investigated price fixing involving Baltimore bakeries,
secured an indictment of a state legislator for drug dealing - the legislator
was subsequently murdered - and prosecuted Arthur H. Bremer, the gunman who shot
Alabama Gov. George C. Wallace, who was campaigning in Maryland's Democratic
presidential primary in 1972.

But the Agnew case was the capstone of his prosecutorial tenure. The Post said
in 1977 that it gave Mr. Beall "a national reputation as a fearless political
big game hunter." But it did not endear him to GOP regulars, who weren't
bothered by the bribery charges.

Mr. Beall dabbled in politics for a few years, helping with his brother's
campaigns. He ran for governor in 1978 but dropped out of the race, saying, "I
don't have the desire."

He practiced law in Baltimore, retiring in the early 2000s from the firm then
known as Hogan and Hartson. His specialties included commercial litigation,
corporate takeovers and several years as general counsel to the Baltimore Ravens
football team. He helped shepherd the team's relocation to Baltimore from
Cleveland.

His marriages to Linda Jenkins and Nancy Roche ended in divorce. Survivors
include his wife of 37 years, Carolyn Campbell Beall of Naples; a daughter from
his second marriage, Rebecca Beall of Summit, N.J.: three stepchildren, Jamie
Alban of Baltimore, Nicholas Guy Alban of Nashville and Tobey Frederick of
Easton, Md.; 16 grandchildren; and a great-granddaughter.

His brother J. Glenn Beall Jr.  died in 2006.

In 1995, Agnew's official portrait was restored to a place of prominence in the
Maryland State House, 22 years after he had resigned as vice president and 16
years after it was ordered removed by Gov. Harry Hughes (D), who was elected on
a good-government platform.

Some involved in the prosecution of Agnew were upset, but Mr. Beall took what
The Post called a "more diplomatic" view.

"Agnew paid a very high price," Mr. Beall said at the time. "He forfeited the
second-highest office in the land. ... It was an important lesson for him and
for the country. And it seems to me the lesson bears repeating ... we should not
hide our shortcomings in the closet."

newsobits@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2017 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: Justice Department Returns Forfeited Assets Derived from Public
Corruption Scheme to Korean Minister of Justice

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 The Department of Justice has returned $1,126,951.45 in forfeited assets to the
government of the Republic of Korea.





 The forfeited assets&mdash;which were returned yesterday&mdash;were the profits
of a public corruption scheme orchestrated by former Korean President Chun Doo
Hwan in the 1990s, and were laundered to the United States by Chun&rsquo;s
family members and associates. The assets were forfeited in two recent civil
forfeiture actions filed in Los Angeles and Philadelphia as part of the
Department of Justice&rsquo;s Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative.



 &ldquo;The return of these assets is a powerful vindication of the rule of law,
and an important victory for the people of the Republic of Korea,&rdquo; said
Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch.



 &ldquo;The Department of Justice is committed to ensuring that the proceeds of
corruption have no safe haven in this country,&rdquo; said United States
Attorney Eileen M. Decker. &ldquo;We will vigilantly pursue such proceeds and
return them to the victims of the corruption.&rdquo;



 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement&rsquo;s Homeland Security
Investigations and the Federal Bureau of Investigations investigated the cases
leading to the U.S. forfeiture of the assets being returned to Korea and served
as the seizing agencies.



 In 1997, a criminal court in Korea convicted former President Chun of accepting
more than $200 million in bribes from Korean corporations and ordered him to pay
approximately $212 million in criminal penalties. In 2013, the Anti-Corruption
Division of the Korean Supreme Prosecutor&rsquo;s Office opened a money
laundering investigation regarding the potential laundering of the bribery
proceeds into the United States by Chun and his associates through the
acquisition of U.S. real estate and opening of U.S. bank accounts.



 In February 2014, FBI agents seized $726,951.45 in a California escrow account.
Those funds represented the net proceeds from the sale of a Newport Beach house
that



 President Chun&rsquo;s son, Chun Jae Yong, had purchased in 2005 with proceeds
traced to his father&rsquo;s corruption scheme. In April 2014, the U.S.
Attorney&rsquo;s Office in Los Angeles filed a civil forfeiture action against
the $726,951.45.



 In February 2015, a second civil forfeiture action was filed in the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania against a secured investment worth approximately
$500,000 in a Pennsylvania company, which also was traced to Chun&rsquo;s
corruption scheme.



 In March 2015, the government reached a settlement agreement of the two civil
forfeiture actions, resulting in the forfeiture of a total of $1,126,951.45,
which was returned to the government of the Republic of Korea yesterday.



 The case filed in Los Angeles was prosecuted by the United States
Attorney&rsquo;s Office and United States Department of Justice, Criminal
Division, Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 23, 2012 Sunday

FBI agent looks back at government corruption case;
Cuyahoga County commissioner got 28 years in prison.

BYLINE: James F. McCarty

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 1023 words


CLEVELAND - FBI Agent Christine Oliver's introduction to Cleveland, where she
would play a significant role in the biggest public-corruption case in Ohio
history, began inauspiciously.

Before graduating from the FBI Academy in Quantico, Va., Oliver and the rest of
the class of 1997 participated in the traditional listing of preferences for
their first assignments, ranking the nation's FBI offices from one to 56. A
lifelong resident of the East Coast, Oliver ranked the Cleveland office 39th. No
classmate received a lower-ranked assignment.

"The only thing I knew about Cleveland was that it was cold and I had never been
there," Oliver recalled last week. "I wanted to work closer to home."

Oliver feels much differently about the city now as she prepares for an
out-of-state transfer. This past week, her last in the Cleveland office, she
agreed to talk about her 15 years in Northeast Ohio and her work on the region's
highest-profile investigations of corruption in Cuyahoga County government and
elsewhere.

She initially declined requests to be interviewed but changed her mind at the
encouragement of Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann Rowland, the lead prosecutor in the
county corruption case.

Rowland pointed out the opportunity to shine a light on the prominent role women
played in the corruption case. Two of the three lead FBI agents were women, and
a three-woman team successfully prosecuted former County Commissioner Jimmy
Dimora.

"If one mother reads this story and encourages her daughter to pursue a career
as a federal law enforcement agent, it will have been worth it," Rowland said
she told Oliver.

Oliver was the original agent on the case involving Nate Gray case, the
Cleveland businessman convicted of bribing politicians and officials in
Cleveland, Houston and New Orleans. He is serving 15 years in prison.

She also had a lead role in the gambling case that resulted in the conviction of
sports personality Bruce Drennan, who served five months in prison for failing
to report his winnings on tax returns. And she participated in the arrest of
Imam Fawaz Damra and the search of his Strongsville home in 2004.

But the case that would define her career is the ongoing investigation of
corruption in county government. In the five years since its inception, the
investigation has resulted in the convictions of the two primary targets -
Dimora and former Auditor Frank Russo - as well as more than 60 other public
officials, government employees and contractors.

Oliver and agent Mike Massie, her partner on the investigation, recalled how the
case began in unspectacular fashion in 2007 with cryptic tips from confidential
informants.

"We were gathering intelligence through other investigations and kept hearing
that there was a massive amount of corruption in Cuyahoga County," Massie said.
"There wasn't one defining moment in the case but more like a snowball effect
where it kept getting bigger and bigger, expanding and expanding."

A turning point came in April 2008 when Dimora and Russo took off to Las Vegas
with seven friends. The gambling junket was bankrolled by Berea contractor
Ferris Kleem, who was seeking $45 million in county construction contracts.

The trip amounted to four days of decadence and debauchery: limousines, luxury
hotel suites, prostitutes, a topless "bare pool" at the Mirage Hotel and Casino,
a $2,000 dinner and hours of gambling with Kleem's money.

Through it all, Oliver and Massie followed and watched from the cover of
baseball caps, Hawaiian shirts and Bermuda shorts.

Another breakthrough came in May 2008, when they discovered that Dimora's wife,
Lori, had written a flurry of checks to contractors for work done at the
couple's $430,000 home in Independence.

All five of the checks were dated May 23 - the same day other FBI agents caught
Steven Pumper, a contractor and friend of Dimora's, passing a $2,000 bribe to a
Cleveland building inspector.

The checks were a frantic attempt by the Dimoras to conceal thousands of dollars
worth of appliances, gifts and home improvements and provided a road map for the
agents to track the sources of the bribes. Some of the contractors had been
unknown to the agents before they discovered the checks, Oliver testified at
Dimora's trial.

The probe became public on July 28, 2008, when about 200 federal agents fanned
out across the county to search dozens of homes, businesses and offices,
including those of Dimora and Russo.

In accordance with FBI policy, the teams of agents were not given their
assignments until they reported to FBI headquarters before dawn. Oliver said she
and Massie orchestrated the synchronized maneuvers, visiting every targeted
location and staying in touch via cellphones.

"That was really cool to see," Massie said. "The effort that day was phenomenal.
I've never seen anything like it."

The agents and the prosecutors worked every weekend, every holiday and most
evenings for nearly five years. Operating out of a warehouse, the location of
which remains a secret, they sifted through millions of pages of documents and
listened to thousands of hours of recorded phone conversations.

"Chris has an amazing knack of paying attention to the minutiae needed to build
a case," Rowland said. "At the same time she has the broad vision that's
necessary in such large investigations. You can't make a case of this magnitude
without both attributes."

The crowning achievement came March 9 when Dimora was convicted for racketeering
following a two-month trial in federal court in Akron. One of the key
prosecution witnesses was Russo, who testified against his former best friend
and political sidekick in an attempt to trim time off his nearly 22-year prison
sentence.

"Christine, Mike and the entire investigative team represent the best the
government has to offer - integrity and an unwavering commitment to seek truth
and justice," said Stephen Anthony, the agent in charge of the FBI's Cleveland
office. "Their dogged determination, sacrifices and selfless service over the
past almost five years stands in stark contrast to those who so egregiously
violated the public trust."

In May, Dimora was sentenced to 28 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 30, 1988, Saturday, Final Edition

Bush Says Democrats Vulnerable on Ethics;
Vice President Backpedals on Hiring Meese

BYLINE: David Hoffman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6

LENGTH: 711 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS, April 29, 1988


Questioned repeatedly about ethics problems in the Reagan administration, Vice
President Bush today stepped up his suggestions that Democrats have ethical
problems of their own, but then had to catch himself after saying that he would
hire Attorney General Edwin Meese III in a Bush administration.

Bush aides have been suggesting for weeks that the vice president is unhappy
with the series of investigations of Meese and his refusal to step aside. He has
repeatedly insisted that he does not want Meese to be fired or to quit, giving a
standard response that the investigatory process should continue to its
conclusion.

Asked by local reporters today whether Meese should quit, Bush responded that
the investigations should be concluded. Asked then whether he would hire Meese
as his attorney general, Bush said: "If he proves innocent, I certainly would
hire him." But then Bush quickly added, "If it is a question other than a
theoretical question, the answer is we're going to have change -- new people."

Earlier, Bush said that if either Massachusetts Gov. Michael S. Dukakis or Jesse
L. Jackson raises the issue of corruption in the Reagan administration, he will
"have some fun too" and respond in kind by revealing corruption and wrongdoing
in their states or campaigns.

Bush repeated that he does not think the issue of ethical problems in the Reagan
administration will hurt him. "I don't think anyone has ever accused me of any
conflict of interest," he said. "I think the Democrats are trying to make it
that, but we will have some fun, too, trying to look at what is going on in
Illinois or Massachusetts depending on which one wins the Democratic nomination.
You know we've got some cannon fodder if you want to get into that."

Bush also said later: "I hear them [the Democrats] talking about it. But there
is plenty of evidence, of you know, to kind of go, into a guilt by association
mode where we can find [corruption] in Massachusetts politics or campaign staff
or things of that nature. I hope we don't have to do it."

Bush's comment about campaign staff may have been an allusion to the resignation
of Dukakis campaign manager John Sasso last year after disclosures of his role
in leaking an "attack video" about Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr. (D-Del.).

This is a more aggressive tack for Bush, who previously has responded to
questions by defending his own record on ethics while refusing to comment on
individual cases of wrongdoing in the Reagan administration.

Leslie Dach, communications director for Dukakis, responded, "When it comes to
government ethics and lack thereof, this adminstration wins the prize. Ed Meese
and his record at the Justice Department will be a major issue in the fall
campaign, and nothing the vice president says can change that."

The vice president's comments came as he unleashed a strong new attack on
Dukakis, the likely Democratic presidential nominee. Bush said Dukakis was
"waffling all over the field" on the recent United States military action
against Iran and preaching economic pessimism with talk of "pink slips and plant
closings."

He also repeated his characterization of Dukakis as a "pure old-fashioned
liberal Democrat," an effort, campaign aides said, to influence perceptions of
the Democrat at an early stage, "define Dukakis before he defines himself," as
one strategist put it.

Bush also included Jackson in much of his criticism and predicted either would
raise taxes. "I don't sense a return to what I now see as a 'Jacksis,' " he
said, adding, "A Jackson-Dukakis-Cuomo philosophy that we have to break the
backs of the taxpayers and return to that old concept that led to 21 1/2 percent
interest and double-digit inflation.

"I don't feel it's midnight in America," Bush said. "Dukakis [was] talking the
other night about pink slips and plant closings -- I want to talk about the fact
there is a greater percentage of the work force at work today than at any time
in the history of this country."

Dukakis has frequently advocated trade legislation that would require employers
to give workers notice of plant closings. President Reagan has threatened to
veto the trade bill over the plant-closing provision; Bush said the provision
does not belong in legislation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 18, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Mollen Panel on Police Corruption Will Begin Hearings

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 23; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1010 words


In the same gloomy midtown hall where the Knapp Commission exposed New York
City's worst police corruption scandal 20 years ago, another panel opens
long-awaited hearings on Sept. 27 into a new era of police wrongdoing. Experts
say the results may reshape the police fight against corrupt officers for years
to come and could affect the mayoral election this fall.

The panel, known as the Mollen Commission after its chairman, Milton Mollen, is
expected to announce the opening date of its hearings at a news conference on
Monday, but law-enforcement officials familiar with its operations confirmed the
date yesterday as other officials and political experts considered their impact.

Opening just five weeks before the Nov. 2 election, the hearings -- at least six
days of testimony over two weeks -- could produce a series of revelations on the
politically sensitive subject of police corruption and help define the race
between Mayor David N. Dinkins and his challenger, Rudolph W. Giuliani.

Michael Dowd, the former officer whose arrest last year led to the sweeping
re-examination of police corruption, is expected to lead a parade of witnesses
-- corrupt officers, prosecutors, legal experts and others -- before the
commission in the dark, windowless meeting hall of the City Bar Association in
New York, at 42 West 44th Street.

Unlike revelations of the early 1970's of systematic and widespread payoffs by
gamblers, prostitutes and other lawbreakers that reached officers on beats and
in vice squads and into higher echelons, the Mollen Commission is expected
mainly to expose isolated pockets of officers involved in drug trafficking and
the failure of internal investigators to uncover the corruption.

Testimony of limited corruption could work to the Mayor's benefit as news of the
hearings dovetails into the mayoral campaign. But the serious nature of the
corruption allegations could work to Mr. Giuliani's benefit, according to Thomas
A. Reppetto, head of the Citizens Crime Commission, a private watchdog group,
and other law-enforcement and political experts.

For many New Yorkers, Mr. Reppetto said, the involvement of officers in even
limited drug trafficking is perceived as far worse today than the involvement of
officers in wider systemic payoffs of a generation ago, when citizens tended to
wink at it all as the modest skulduggery of Runyonesque characters.

And while some observers said the timing of these hearings could be bad for the
Mayor, especially if the news they generate suggests a major new corruption
scandal, the Mayor's partisans noted that he had appointed the commission and
defined its mission last year and had nothing to do with the timing or content
of the hearings.

'Keep Politics Out of It'

"The Mayor's concern, first and foremost, is that the reputation of New York's
finest remains the finest reputation in the world and to ensure that corrupt
officers are rooted out quickly," Leland T. Jones, the Mayor's press secretary,
said last night. He said that Mr. Mollen and other members had set the timing of
the hearings and were resolved "to keep politics out of it and do what is best
governmentally."

The five-member commission is headed by Mr. Mollen, a former deputy mayor and
presiding justice of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court. The panel
was named by Mayor Dinkins on July 24, 1992, two months after the arrest of Mr.
Dowd by Suffolk County authorities exposed failures by New York City police
internal investigators to pursue allegations of corruption against Mr. Dowd and
other officers.

Mr. Dowd is charged with leading a ring of officers who robbed and protected
drug dealers and trafficked in cocaine and other drugs from their beats in
Brooklyn to their homes in Suffolk County. He is expected to give the commission
a stunning portrait of officers as entrepreneurs in the violent and seamy
underworld of drugs, according to those familiar with the panel's work.

He and other witnesses are expected to tell of officers committing shakedowns
and robberies, of selling and using drugs, of midnight meetings at an abandoned
coffin factory to share profits of up to $2,000 a night for each officer and of
intricate schemes to avoid detection: fake calls and code words over police
radios to tip each other off to meetings and likely shakedown targets.

Law-enforcement officials said the witnesses were also expected to expose other
corruption cases that the Police Department's Internal Affairs Division failed
to uncover and to raise allegations that the unit deliberately ignored
wrongdoing at the behest of higher-ranking officers whose careers may have been
hurt by revelations of corruption by subordinates.

Proposals on Internal Affairs

The commission is also expected to hear proposals by law-enforcement experts for
restructuring the internal affairs unit, including a plan to have its work
monitored by an outside authority. The commission's recommendations, if put into
practice, could affect the scope and direction of the effort to fight police
corruption for years to come, law-enforcement officials said.

Last year, Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly reorganized and centralized the
internal affairs unit, which has 120 investigators and 18 field offices to root
out corruption in a 27,500-member department. But Joseph P. Armao, chief counsel
to the Mollen Commission, said Mr. Kelly's moves did not go far enough in
addressing flaws in methods for catching corrupt officers.

The Mollen Commission's staff of 20 investigators and attorneys has been
investigating police corruption in the city for a year and, with the results of
the coming hearings in hand, are expected to take several weeks to draft a
report for the Mayor and the public.

It was unclear yesterday if the commission's report would be made public before
or after the election. But some political observers suggested that it would make
little difference. "What will really count will be the revelations from the
hearings, day after day after day," Mr. Reppetto said.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: United States Assists Korean Authorities in Recovering More Than
$28.7 Million in Corruption Proceeds of Former President of the Republic of
Korea

LENGTH: 812  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:
The Department of Justice has reached a settlement of its civil forfeiture cases
against $1.2 million in assets in the United States traceable to corruption
proceeds accumulated by Chun Doo Hwan, the former president of the Republic of
Korea. The department also assisted the government of the Republic of Korea in
recovering an additional $27.5 million in satisfaction of an outstanding
criminal restitution order against former President Chun.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Director Sarah R. Saldaña of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE)­­ and Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of the FBI's
Los Angeles Field Office made the announcement after the settlement was signed
and papers requesting that the court execute the agreement were filed with the
U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.

"Chun Doo Hwan's campaign of corruption and bribery while serving as Korea's
president betrayed the trust of the Korean people, deprived Korea's government
of precious resources and undermined the rule of law," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "Fighting corruption is a global imperative that demands a
coordinated global response. The close cooperation between the United States and
Korea in successfully recovering corruption proceeds stands as a testament to
our resolve to battle the scourge of corruption through international
collaboration."

"Former Korean President Chun violated the trust of the people of Korea," said
Director Saldaña. "The results in this case reflect the outstanding
international cooperation that exists between U.S. law enforcement and the
government of Korea."

"The U.S. will not idly standby and serve as a money laundering haven for
foreign officials to hide corrupt activities," said Assistant Director in Charge
David Bowdich. "The FBI will continue to collaborate with our foreign partners
by leveraging its resources in order to identify those engaged in foreign
corruption and to recover their ill-gotten gains."

According to court documents, President Chun was convicted in Korea in 1997 of
receiving more than $200 million in bribes from Korean businesses and companies.
President Chun and his relatives laundered some of these corruption proceeds
through a web of nominees, trusts and shell companies in both Korea and the
United States.

Under the terms of the U.S. settlement, $1,226,951 in assets will be forfeited
to the United States. During the joint U.S.-Korean investigation, approximately
$27.5 million in additional funds were paid by an associate of former President
Chun to the Korean government to partially settle the judgment entered against
former President Chun upon his criminal conviction. Including the settlement
announced today, the U.S. and Korean authorities have recovered more than $28.7
million in connection with Korea's investigation and prosecution of former
President Chun.

The investigation was conducted jointly by the FBI's West Covina Resident Agency
of the Los Angeles Division, ICE's Homeland Security Investigations' (HSI)
Philadelphia Office, HSI's Attaché in Seoul, South Korea and the FBI Kleptocracy
Program of the International Corruption Unit within the Criminal Investigation
Division. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Woo S. Lee and Della
Sentilles of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Katharine Schonbachler and Steven R. Welk of
the Central District of California, and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Minni
and Alvin Stout of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The Criminal Division's
Office of International Affairs provided substantial support.

The department is grateful for the significant assistance provided by the Seoul
Central District Public Prosecutor's Office, Korea's Supreme Prosecutor's
Office--Anti-Corruption Supervisory Division and the Ministry of Justice's
International Criminal Affairs Division in investigating and forfeiting these
corruption proceeds.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative by a team
of dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section, working in partnership with federal law enforcement agencies
to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where appropriate,
return those proceeds to benefit the people harmed by these acts of corruption
and abuse of office. Individuals with information about possible proceeds of
foreign corruption located in or laundered through the United States should
contact federal law enforcement or send an e-mail to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 23, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

TV REVIEW;
CORRUPTION IN 'POLITICS OF GREED'

BYLINE: By JOHN CORRY

SECTION: Section C; Page 18, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 565 words


IT'S easy to be sanctimonious about the corruption scandals that have struck New
York City; ''Frontline'' isn't. Its ''Politics of Greed,'' on Channel 13 at 10
o'clock tonight, is not so much an indictment as a series of questions. What
went wrong? How did it happen? Is city government threatened?

Corruption scandals in New York are not new, of course. In the last century,
Boss Tweed and his colleagues were famous. Meanwhile, a certain amount of graft
has been tolerated in all administrations. Graft, a great many people have
declared, is part of the political system.

What may be different about the recent New York scandals, however, is the
rapidity with which they spread, the number of people they involved and the ease
with which politics seemed to lend itself to extortion. In our memories now, the
separate scandals all join together. It is hard to distinguish one from another.

''Frontline,'' using interviews and old news film, begins at the beginning: 2
A.M. on Jan. 10, 1986, when Donald R. Manes was found in his car bleeding. Mr.
Manes, the Borough President of Queens, said at first that he had been stabbed
by two unidentified men. In fact, the wounds were self-inflicted.

Two weeks before Mr. Manes was found, the Federal Bureau of Investigation had
questioned the head of a collection agency, who had implicated Mr. Manes in
kickbacks to the Parking Violations Bureau. The bureau, which took in some $175
million a year in city money, was being run for personal profit.

Shortly after that, Mr. Manes, who was also the Queens Democratic leader, did
succeed at suicide; he stabbed himself in the heart with a kitchen knife.
Subsequently, Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney, turned his
energies toward Stanley M. Friedman, the Bronx Democratic leader. Mr. Friedman,
by almost everyone's account, sold influence.

''The practice of politics in this city stinks,'' Mr. Giuliani says in an
interview. ''People easily learn the way to do things is through bribery.'' Mr.
Friedman's particular crime wasn't the selling of influence; influence peddling,
Mr. Giuliani says sourly, may be deplorable, but it is still under the heading
of tolerable graft. But bribery, Mr. Giuliani says, ''That's the part that's
illegal.'' Mr. Friedman now faces a 12-year prison sentence.

Meanwhile, since the morning that Mr. Manes was found in his car, a number of
officials have either resigned or been indicted. These include the commissioners
of hospitals, taxis, transportation, business development and cultural affairs,
two members of the City Planning Commission, a borough president and a United
States Representative.

''Frontline,'' produced by Edward Gray, draws no grand lessons from all this. It
suggests that something is rotten, but other than avarice, it doesn't say quite
what. On the other hand, we do get some expected explanations.

Thus, Mayor Koch says that ''money plays too large a role in the lives of people
in this country.'' Alan Dershowitz of the Harvard Law School, who was also Mr.
Friedman's attorney, says that prosecutors like Mr. Giuliani abuse their
authority. Mark Obenhaus, the ''Frontline'' reporter, says that ''it is the
public, not the politicians, who will ultimately be tested.'' In a way, the
scandals are too messy and diffuse. ''The Politics of Greed'' is trying, but it
has as much trouble with them as do New Yorkers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Rudolph Giuliani and John Hogan (UPI/Bettman Newsphotos)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                             April 16, 2010 Friday

Holyland in the Holy Land: How to prevent corruption?

BYLINE: ASHER MEIR

SECTION: ECONOMICS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 617 words



HIGHLIGHT: ETHICS @ WORK. Asher Meir is research director at the Business Ethics
Center of Jerusalem, an independent institute in the Jerusalem College of
Technology (Machon Lev).


The press is filled with the latest reports surrounding the Holyland building
project in Jerusalem. Police believe developers gave bribes to municipal
officials, possibly including two former mayors.

So farÊthere have been no indictments or convictions, so we don't know where the
investigation will lead. But rumors of corruption in the granting of building
permits have been a persistent feature of municipal government in Jerusalem.

What can explain this phenomenon? A general rule is that local governments tend
to be more corrupt than state or federal ones.

I don't advocate pity for the corrupt, but it's worth acknowledging that getting
things done through bribery is not so easy. To do it successfully without
getting caught, you need to have a small number of people who can help you but
will be unlikely to have an interest in coming clean.

You also have the problem of corrupt officials who are doubly unethical: they
refuse to stay bought. You need people who are entrenched and seek a reputation
for making good on promises to give favors. But that means you need a reputation
for corruption among the "right" people, without giving too much evidence to the
"wrong" people: reporters and law enforcement.

These conditions are generally easier to find in smaller governments. When
government is on a smaller scale, there are fewer decision makers, less
turnover, and it's easier to know everybody and evaluate their receptiveness to
bribes.

Law enforcement in 1930s America was able to make a dent in organized crime only
when it brought in federal agents who were able to obtain a reputation as
"untouchables," precisely because they were not denizens of the local swamps of
corruption. (Another route to being untouchable is to be so rich you just can't
be bothered with bribes. But not every city can find a wealthy mayor like
Michael Bloomberg of New York City or Nir Barkat of Jerusalem.)

It's equally true that local corruption is generally less harmful, so citizens
may be more inclined to overlook it. Former Chicago mayor Richard J. Daley was
so popular that he was reelected six times, despite a reputation as being
corrupt. Local governments generally just don't have authority over anything
that would make corrupt decisions lead to catastrophe; it's usually just a
question of moving money around or giving permits to political friends or the
highest bidder. If something is really harmful, it will likely come to the
attention of someone outside the closed ring of corrupt officials; this also
acts as a check on the extent of damage corruption can cause.

It follows that one of the best institutional methods for fighting corruption is
to involve more people in decision making, on a participatory or supervisory
level. Following allegations that tax assessors were approving lenient deals
with tax evaders in return for various benefits, including promises of future
employment, the Israel Tax Authority introduced reforms that effectively
eliminated the authority of a single tax advisor to authorize a compromise. This
has been an effective step to prevent this type of corruption.

I believe steps of this nature could help reduce corruption in Jerusalem. To
reduce bribery, approval of exceptions to building codes or extraordinary
projects should involve more people and more kinds of people.

If committees or commissions include people from different offices within the
municipality, more types of officials (elected and appointed, municipal and
national), mixing citizens and politicians, then the closed circles so crucial
for conspiracy will be much harder to sustain.ÊObtaining favors through bribery
would become harder to achieve and harder to conceal.

ethics-at-work@besr.org

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 6, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Corruption begins, ends at home Incest, bribery lead to betrayal

BYLINE: Bob Minzesheimer

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 478 words


An Obedient Father

By Akhil Sharma

Farrar, Straus & Giroux

282 pp., $ 23

American novels about political corruption tend to smooth the
ragged edges off the villainy. Think of the lovable rogue in The
Last Hurrah or the flawed hero in All the King's Men.
Chalk it up to America's romance with optimism.


Painfully poor countries like India may not be able to afford
such optimism. Perhaps that explains the raw and unromantic realism
in Akhil Sharma's debut novel, An Obedient Father.

Set in New Delhi, where petty corruption is a way of governing,
it's an ironic novel that sneaks up on readers. It starts slow.
It's often grim. It's about corruption and incest, yet it's a
strangely seductive story about revenge, guilt and shame -- all
played out in one obsessively self-destructive family.

Its anti-hero, full of self-pity, is a grossly overweight government
bureaucrat who freely acknowledges "general incompetence and
laziness" and works as a "moneyman" for the head of the Education
Department. He extorts money from school principals, trading bribes
as if they were candies.

But what makes Ram Karan so astonishingly evil is what happened
at home, 20 years ago, when he repeatedly raped his 12-year-old
daughter, then shamed her into silence. Now widowed, she is forced
to live with her father, who's sexually attracted to his young
granddaughter.

Sordid stuff, some of it described in graphic detail, but Sharma's
vivid descriptions rise above mere seediness. Most of the story
is narrated by Karan (except for a jarring early chapter from
his daughter). It's his struggle to confess that's the novel's
strength:

"To say words which admitted what I had done was like speaking
a spell that brought a monster into the world. To admit my crime
was to end the world. No possibilities could be imagined after
the admission."

Karan tells himself: "All this sadness made me think it might
be easy to go insane. I wondered if insanity was like being drunk."

All of this is set against a backdrop that includes the violent
bigotry between Muslim and Hindu and the assassination of Prime
Minister Rajiv Gandhi after he succeeded his mother, who also
was assassinated.

As Karan's daughter threatens to end "their agreement" of silence,
he is drawn into increasingly risky scams in a losing political
campaign. He has backed himself into choices that lead to betraying
others to avoid being betrayed himself.

At 28, Sharma is a story himself. At 9, he emigrated with his
parents from New Delhi to New Jersey. He went on to study writing
at Princeton University with Toni Morrison, win a writing fellowship
to Stanford and graduate from Harvard Law School. He now works
as an investment banker in New York. Here's hoping the banking
doesn't get in the way of the writing.

LOAD-DATE: July 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Sigrid Estrada, Farrar, Straus & Giroux; PHOTO, B/W;
Sharma: Banker has a winning investment with his writing.

TYPE: BOOK REVIEW

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               February 21, 2016

NBA to Govt - Fight Corruption Within the Ambit of the Law

BYLINE: Wale Akinola

LENGTH: 427 words


Nigeria Bar Association (NBA) has asked the Federal Government to prosecute the
on-going anti-corruption war "within the ambit of the law, and rule of law must,
at all times, be given primacy."

The umbrella group for lawyers in the country said at the weekend: "The war
against corruption can be won within the ambit of the law. There is no need to
resort to any other than legal means to win the war against corruption." NBA
President, Augustine Alegeh (SAN), conveyed the position of the body during the
National Executive Committee meeting of the NBA, held in Jos, Plateau State
capital.

"There appears to be the need to draw attention to the essential elements of a
proper trial in accordance with law. There must be a prosecution and a defence.
If one is absent, there cannot be a fair trial. The duty of the prosecution is
to prosecute not persecute. The prosecution has a duty to the temple of justice
to bring all facts before the court even if some may aid the defence. Where the
prosecution is found to have withheld any such evidence, any conviction obtained
is liable to be set aside. The duty of the defence is to present the defence of
the defence AND NOT to make up a defence for the defendant. Where this happens,
counsel risks disciplinary sanction, if reported", Alegeh said.

"I have laboured to draw attention to this position in view of the erroneous
view being wrongly peddled by some persons that lawyers in defending persons
accused of corruption are aiding corruption. Far from it. Counsel have a duty
and are trained to prosecute or defend. Whichever position they may take they
are carrying out legitimate duties and cannot be wrongly classified as
persecuting or aiding corruption. It is laughable that an agency of Government
would retain Counsel to prosecute persons accused of corruption but frown at
Counsel representing such persons. What is good for the goose is also good for
the gander. "Finally, the constitutional guarantee of innocent until proven
guilty remains alive and well. A person accused of corruption MUST be presumed
innocent until a conviction is secured. This fine constitutional point appears
lost to few persons who seem to believe that persons that are accused are
already convicted. If it is appreciated, that persons accused are
constitutionally presumed innocent then their dignity and their human rights
must be guarded jealously".

He lauded the Chief Justice of Nigeria for amending the Supreme Court
appointment guidelines to include appointments of "deserving Senior Advocates of
Nigeria"to the apex court.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 12, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

44 IN NEW YORK MUNICIPALITIES CHARGED IN 'STING';
F.B.I. Says Public Officials Accepted 105 of 106 Bribes Offered in 2-Year
Operation

BYLINE: By RALPH BLUMENTHAL

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1209 words


In a ''sting'' operation that swept from Long Island to the Canadian border, 58
people, including 44 New York municipal officials, have been charged with taking
bribes and kickbacks from an undercover F.B.I. agent, Federal officials
announced yesterday.

Virtually no bribe proffered by the agent, who posed as a salesman of steel
products, was refused, the officials said.

''On 106 occasions, bribes were offered or discussed,'' said Rudolph W.
Giuliani, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, who
is prosecuting the cases. ''On 105 of those occasions, the public official
involved accepted the bribe. And on the other occasion he turned it down because
he didn't think the amount was enough.''

Suppliers Also Charged

That official, Mr. Giuliani added, was later arrested on charges of taking other
bribes.

Fourteen suppliers of steel and highway materials, including two from a New
Jersey company, were also charged as a result of the undercover operation in New
York, which Mr. Giuliani said was the largest single bribery and kickback case
involving municipal officials that he was aware of.

In addition to the 58 people named in New York, 10 more - who also dealt with
the same undercover agent -were separately charged for activities in New Jersey.

The municipal officials - mainly highway superintendents and purchasing
directors - were targeted as the result of earlier information, the officials
said. The information included accounts by informants who named certain
officials as corrupt.

At a news conference yesterday at the F.B.I. operations center at 26 Federal
Plaza in lower Manhattan, Mr. Giuliani and Thomas L. Sheer, the head of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation's New York office, said the investigation
highlighted an endemic corruption problem in the state. They took pains to say
that the case showed corruption extended beyond New York City, which has been
the focus of major corruption scandals in the last two years.

In all, criminal charges named officials in 40 towns in 15 of New York's 62
counties. The agent distributed about $40,000 in bribe money to local officials,
Mr. Sheer said.

The sting operation was ended abruptly several weeks ago after the undercover
agent was recognized and was removed for his safety, officials said. Mr. Sheer
declined to name him.

''We believe we have surfaced a deeply rooted system of corruption that rots the
core of municipal governments and provides the taxpayers of those communities
with inferior goods and services,'' Mr. Sheer said.

Asked if the widespread corruption had shocked him, Mr. Giuliani said, ''At some
point, about a year ago, I stopped being shocked.''

Giuliani Rebukes Legislators

On the day that Governor Cuomo signed a new ethics law, Mr. Giuliani used strong
language to rebuke New York State legislators, who he said had made the state
attractive to corrupt officials and businesses.

''It is not an overstatement to say that compared to other states, New York is a
much friendlier place to corrupt politicians, crooked businessmen and organized
criminals,'' he said.

Mr. Giuliani called on the Legislature to strengthen laws against public
corruption and to institute procedures for municipal auditing. ''It would be
better for the politicians of this state if they were not dragged into making
those changes kicking and screaming,'' he said.

Among the changes that are needed, he said, were tighter grand jury procedures
to limit the immunity witnesses automatically enjoy in state cases. He cited the
Federal grand jury system, where witnesses must be given immunity and it can be
limited.

He also called for a tougher state anti-racketeering law that would apply to
political corruption as well as organized crime.

In response to a question, Mr. Giuliani, who has been the subject of frequent
speculation about political plans, disclaimed interest in seeking statewide
office.

Spokesmen for the Speaker of the State Assembly, Mel Miller, and for the
majority leader of the State Senate, Warren M. Anderson, declined to comment on
Mr. Giuliani's remarks when contacted by telephone late yesterday.

'A Way of Life'

Echoing the prosecutor, Mr. Scheer said the corruption charged in this case ''is
a way of life, a practice established over the years.''

Of the 44 officials who were charged, 26 were arrested yesterday throughout the
state and 15 surrendered at Federal courthouses in Manhattan, White Plains and
Albany. The rest were still being sought last evening, according to Mr.
Giuliani.

Most of those charged entered pleas of not guilty to conspiracy, mail fraud,
racketeering and other offenses. All of them were released on their own
recognizance.

Nine of the 14 people connected to suppliers who were also charged in the case
had already pleaded guilty.

They, like others charged, each face maximum penalties of 5 to 20 years in
prison and fines of $250,000.

The undercover operation began nearly two years ago, according to Mr. Sheer,
when an F.B.I. agent traded in his gun and badge for a new identity, emerging
from the New York office on Oct. 1, 1985, as ''Vincent Silon,'' a vendor of
snowplow blades, street signs, nuts and bolts, chains, fencing and other steel
products.

The nature of his business directed him to smaller cities and localities rather
than New York City, Mr. Giuliani said. But he said that records uncovered in the
sting operation had led the investigation to activities in New York City and
that the inquiry was continuing. #559 Days on the Road For 559 days, the agent
criss-crossed much of the state, meeting with highway officials and purchasing
agents.

''Nobody was approached cold,'' without some reason to question his integrity,
according to Charles G. LaBella, an assistant United States attorney involved in
the prosecution.

Mr. Scheer said the agent's cover business had actually sold and delivered some
steel products to customers. In the process, the Government lost a small amount
of money used to buy the equipment.

The schemes worked in two ways, according to Mr. LaBella.

Sometimes the local official conspired with the undercover agent for an order by
a municipality that was paid for but never delivered. Then the vendor and the
official split the money.

Or, the prosecutor said, the official took money to award the purchase order to
the Silon company.

Records seized in the investigation, Federal officials said, showed that since
1980, 31 towns and villages lost $750,000 to such ''no ship'' transactions.

Mr. Sheer said the undercover agent sought to keep the scheme within bounds.
''We didn't try to bankrupt a town.'' he said.

The suppliers who were charged became involved through the undercover agent,
according to Mr. Sheer. When they saw his success in dealing with local
officials, they engaged him as their representative and participated in some of
the corrupt dealings, according to the charges.

The Dutchess County District Attorney, William Grady; the United States Attorney
in Albany, Frederick Scullin Jr.; and the F.B.I. agent in charge in Albany,
Wayne R. Alford, also participated in the investigation, but all the New York
cases will be prosecuted in Manhattan. The New Jersey cases will be tried there.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of municipal officials arrested yesterday as a result of the
F.B.I. sting operation (NYT/Alan Zale)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             May 17, 2012 Thursday

NM law targets corrupt officials

BYLINE: By Milan Simonich \ Texas-New Mexico Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 726 words


SANTA FE -- Public officials in New Mexico who commit a felony now have more to
lose because of new laws that took effect Wednesday.

Those convicted in public corruption cases could be required to repay their
salaries and forfeit their accumulated state pension benefits.

A new state law gives judges the authority to increase the basic sentence by
adding those penalties.

Legislators approved the bill without any dissenting votes, and Gov. Susana
Martinez signed it in February.

The corruption crackdown is one of 19 state laws that went into effect
Wednesday.

Another of the new laws creates a fund to cover the costs of New Mexico's
medical marijuana program.

Companies licensed to provide cannabis for medical treatment pay the state fees
of $10,000 to $30,000 a year. Rather than that money going into the state's
general account, it will be maintained by the Department of Health to pay for
administration of the medical marijuana program.

"It means the few New Mexico taxpayers who objected to their money going toward
the medical marijuana program no longer have to worry," said the bill's sponsor,
Sen. Cisco McSorley, D-Albuquerque.

New Mexico has about 4,300 patients registered to use medical marijuana.

Also going on the books is a law to improve care for stroke patients, especially
residents of rural areas.

It authorizes the state Department of Health to certify any acute-care hospital
as a primary or comprehensive stroke center, provided that the hospital has been
accredited.

"The result will be more access to critical care," said one of the bill's
sponsors, Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City. He teamed up with Republican Rep.
Conrad James of Albuquerque to write the bill.

It allows the secretary of health to adopt rules to assist and encourage primary
stroke centers to enter into coordinated care agreements with other health-care
providers throughout the state.

This will be accomplished without any increase in the state's costs, Morales
said.

Other new laws include:
Turning the K-3 Plus pilot project into a permanent program of the state Public
Education Department. The program adds a minimum of 25 instructional days for
disadvantaged students in kindergarten through third grade.

Legislative analysts say third-graders who participated in K-3 Plus for at least
a year gained 7.5 points in reading, 43 points in writing and 12 points in math
compared with those who did not enter the program.
Extending for five more years a tax break at New Mexico State University.

It is a deduction from the gross receipts tax for gate admissions at nonathletic
events. Legislators first granted the tax break in 2007 because administrators
at NMSU said they were at a competitive disadvantage with the University of
Texas at El Paso in booking entertainment.

The new deduction on gross receipts taxes for NMSU lasts through June 30, 2017.
Rep. Mary Helen Garcia, D-Las Cruces, and state Sen. Carlos Cisneros, D-Questa,
sponsored the bill.
Increasing from two to four the number of hunting permits for bighorn rams that
will be raffled or sold through a lottery.

The stakes are high. A lottery for one bighorn hunting permit once brought the
state $190,000, according to the Department of Game and Fish.

State Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington, sponsored the bill. Legislators
estimate that the bighorn permits and attendant federal matching money will
bring the state about $800,000. All of the money will go back into programs to
help the bighorn sheep grow stronger in New Mexico. Bighorns were removed last
year from the state's endangered species list.
Clarifying a tax break for a uranium enrichment plant near the southeastern New
Mexico town of Eunice. With this change, the plant's utility customers will not
be taxed if they sell a uranium compound before it is enriched.

Utility companies send uranium hexafluoride to the plant as part of a process
for producing nuclear power plant fuel.
Elimination of the Office of Child Development in the Children, Youth and
Families Department.Making the New Mexico School for the Deaf and the New Mexico
School for the Blind and Visually Impaired eligible to seek money for certain
capital projects. State Sen. Cynthia Nava, D-Las Cruces, sponsored the bill
establishing this change.

Santa Fe Bureau Chief Milan Simonich may be reached at msimonich@tnmnp.com or
505-820-6898. His blog is at nmcapitolreport.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

Washington: Government for the People: Combatting Corruption

LENGTH: 311  words

DATELINE: Washington


Department of US Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor, The Government of
USA has issued the following news release:


What is the cost of corruption on our values, our prosperity, and our security?
Corruption tramples the aspirations of citizens, weakens judicial independence
and the rights of civil society organizations, and hurts local and international
businesses. And, in many countries, corruption and poor human rights practices
are intertwined.

Join the U.S. Department of State for the launch of the State of Rights series
on Wednesday, September 3rd, at the OpenGov Hub for a discussion on the topic of
governance and corruption. As the first in a series of conversations through the
State of Rights series, the Department of State is happy to host the following
speakers:

Tom Malinowski, Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor at
the U.S. Department of State - follow on Twitter: @Malinowski
 Jean Pesme, Coordinator for the Stolen Asset Recovery Initiative at The World
Bank - follow on Twitter: @returningassets
 Shruti Shah, Senior Policy Director on Law & Regulation at Transparency
International USA - follow on Twitter: @TransparencyUSA
 Heather Lowe, Legal Counsel & Director of Government Affairs at Global
Financial Integrity - follow on Twitter: @HeatherLoweGFI

The event will be moderated by Nathaniel Heller, Executive Director at Global
Integrity - follow on Twitter: @Integrillicious.

Each panelist will present their work in these areas for 3-5 minutes, after
which, we will open the floor for dialogue, and take questions from our online
participants. You can submit questions and follow the latest news on the series
on Twitter using #StateOfRights.

The OpenGov Hub recently moved to its new location at 1110 Vermont Avenue NW,
Suite 500, Washington, DC, 20005.
For more information please visit: http://www.humanrights.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              July 26, 2010 Monday

USAID stresses importance of transparency in Afghanistan aid spending

LENGTH: 345 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 25 July

[Presenter] USAID has called for transparency in the contributions this
organization makes to Afghanistan. Speaking to Tolo TV in an exclusive
interview, the head of the organization said the budget of the organization was
coming mostly from taxpayers and it must not be exploited and wasted. USAID
plans to channel most of its contributions through the Afghan government budget.

[Correspondent] The head of USAID said in the exclusive interview that the
organization would now provide aid money to the Afghan government so that the
aid money was spent through the Afghan government budget. The head of the body
stressed that regardless of whether the money was spent by the USA or the Afghan
government, corruption must be prevented in the spending of the aid money.

[Rajev Shah, captioned as head of USAID, in English superimposed with Dari
translation] On corruption issues, I should say corruption will always remain a
problem. Our funds come from taxpayers in the USA and we spend them outside the
USA to help other people access healthcare, education and long-term economic
opportunities. We are responsible to keep the money and make sure the money is
spent in appropriate areas.

[Correspondent] Meanwhile, the head of USAID said it was working to carry out
joint programmes with the Afghan government, stressing that the aim behind this
new project was to have the money reach remote areas and needy people.

[Shah] We have a lot of information and we try to trace the efforts we are
making to prevent corruption. We will follow the matter even if it is a
colleague of ours who does something. We are following how the aid money is
spent even if we provide the money to our partners. We are also supervising and
tracing subcontracts. We need to follow them.

[Correspondent] Also, USAID said it would help the central and local
administrations increase their capacity so that they were able to properly and
transparently spend the aid money and get an effective result.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 25 Jul 10

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             January 4, 2010 Monday

Another tight budget, Republican governor could be in offing

BYLINE: Brad Bumsted

LENGTH: 578 words


Analysis

HARRISBURG -- In 2010, Pennsylvania residents can expect another tight state
budget, more criminal corruption charges tied to the Legislature and, possibly,
a repeat of the state's eight-year "cycle" that puts a different party into the
governor's mansion.

Since 1946, Democrats and Republicans have traded control of the executive
branch every eight years. In November, voters will choose the successor to
Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell, who cannot run for a third term. The eight-year
cycle, if it holds, bodes well for Republicans, analysts say.

"It's a pretty impressive pattern," said Jack Treadway, retired chairman of the
political science department at Kutztown University and author of a book on
state elections. "Is there any reason this couldn't be broken? No. But it
hasn't."

"It's a coincidence," said Larry Ceisler, a Philadelphia public relations
consultant. "But that eight-year cycle does jibe with what's happening
nationally. I think everyone believes this midyear election will be a Republican
year."

In Pennsylvania, races for governor, U.S. Senate, U.S. House and the General
Assembly will be on the ballot. The elections will occur as many Pennsylvanians
are fed up with corruption.

"If the public says, 'The whole system is corrupt, I don't trust them at all,'
how can you argue with them?" Treadway said.

The driving force affecting events at the Capitol this year is Attorney General
Tom Corbett's public corruption investigation of the Legislature, analysts said.

Christopher Borick, a political science professor at Muhlenberg College in
Allentown, said the prospect of more charges, hearings and trials "will suck a
lot of energy out of the Capitol."

Corbett, a Republican gubernatorial candidate from Shaler, has charged 25
current and former lawmakers and staffers of both parties in the state House
with using state resources for campaigns.

"I think the Corbett prosecutions are going to set the tone for a lot of what
happens politically and government-wise," Ceisler said.

Corbett faces Rep. Sam Rohrer, R-Berks County, and U.S. Rep. Jim Gerlach,
R-Chester County, in the Republican primary. The Democratic contest is "wide
open" among Allegheny Executive Dan Onorato, Auditor General Jack Wagner,
Montgomery County Commissioner Joe Hoeffel, Scranton Mayor Chris Doherty and
Philadelphia businessman Tom Knox, Borick said.

Among 12 Democrats charged with corruption offenses in July 2008, six have
agreed to plead guilty. Rep. Sean Ramaley of Baden was acquitted on all counts.

Former state House Majority Whip Mike Veon, a Democrat formerly of Beaver Falls,
is scheduled to stand trial Jan. 19 in Dauphin County Court with up to four
other defendants. Veon allegedly conspired to direct the use of state-paid
bonuses as a reward for staffers who worked on campaigns. Veon's attorneys
insist he is not guilty of any criminal behavior.

Otherwise, "the events of 2010 are going to look a lot like 2009," Borick said.

It took lawmakers and Rendell until October to approve a $27.9 billion state
budget. By law, it was due July 1. Treadway said he can't imagine that the
declining revenues that plagued the state this year will be significantly better
this year.

Treadway said a general state tax increase is clearly off the table this year,
when lawmakers stand for election.

"I don't think you'll see (the budget) go to fall again," Treadway said. "The
public wouldn't stand for it, and (legislators) have to be out campaigning."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Poll, Most New Yorkers Say Corruption Is Major Problem

BYLINE: By THOMAS KAPLAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; CITY ROOM; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 517 words


ALBANY -- New York State voters think government corruption is a major problem
in the state capital, and many say Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has done a lackluster
job of fighting it, a poll released on Wednesday said.

The poll, by Quinnipiac University, found that voters had an overwhelmingly
negative view of the Legislature, and nearly 9 in 10 voters said government
corruption was a serious problem in the state. The survey was conducted from
April 9 to 14, shortly after two state legislators were charged by federal
prosecutors in unrelated corruption schemes.

Many voters suggested that Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat who ran for governor on a
platform of cleaning up Albany, had fallen short of his goal. Fifty-seven
percent approved of his overall job performance, an increase of two percentage
points from last month. But voters were more critical when it came to his
efforts at reducing corruption: 52 percent rated his work as not so good or
poor, compared with 37 percent who described it as excellent or good.

''They think it's the governor's obligation, more than the Legislature's, to
drain the cesspool, and they're not convinced he's doing a good job,'' said
Maurice Carroll, director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute.

Following the two scandals, Mr. Cuomo said he would seek to improve the state's
election and campaign finance laws. Last week, as Quinnipiac pollsters were
surveying voters, he said he would propose legislation to make it easier for
district attorneys to prosecute corruption. This week, after the polling had
finished, he said he would seek the creation of an independent office to enforce
state election law.

Voters were even more negative about legislative leaders; three-quarters rated
their efforts at cleaning up corruption as not so good or poor.

Some also appeared to have soured on an unusual arrangement in which control of
the State Senate is being shared between Republicans and an independent faction
of Democrats.

Fifty percent of voters described the deal as a power grab, compared with 35
percent who thought it was an effective form of government -- a reversal from
when Quinnipiac asked voters about the arrangement just after it was announced
in December. The group of Democrats had included one of the charged legislators,
Senator Malcolm A. Smith of Queens, who was accused of trying to bribe his way
onto the ballot for mayor of New York City. On Monday, the majority coalition
removed Mr. Smith from its ranks.

Voters were skeptical about the installation of a system of public financing for
state elections, which is the centerpiece of a package of reform measures that
government watchdog groups and many Democratic officeholders hope will pass this
year. Only 37 percent of voters said they supported public financing for state
elections, and just 35 percent said they believed such a system would reduce
government corruption.

The poll,of 1,404 registered voters, was conducted by telephone; it has a margin
of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/04/17/corruption
-is-seen-as-a-major-problem-in-new-york-state-poll-shows/

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                              June 4, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

Obama's right-hand man dragged in to trial of disgraced governor

BYLINE: David Usborne US Editor

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 491 words


The citizens of Chicago are hunkering down for a courtroom spectacular with a
cast that will include an impeached former governor with big hair and an even
bigger ego as well as the chief of staff of a sitting United States President.
Proceedings are expected by turns to be tense and tawdry and will last all
summer.

This is the corruption trial of Rod Blagojevich who was impeached by Illinois'
state legislature following his arrest on corruption charges in December 2008.
The case opened with the start of jury selection yesterday just hours after
lawyers confirmed that Rahm Emanuel, chief of staff to President Barack Obama,
had been subpoenaed potentially to testify; so too Valerie Jarrett, another top
aide in the White House. Both are Illinois natives.

They have seen this before in the Windy City. It has only been four years since
Mr Blagojevich's predecessor in the governor's mansion, George Ryan, a
Republican, was convicted of misusing his office to fatten his pockets. But this
time, the pain is for the Democrats and the timing is bad. The mid-term
elections are fast approaching and The President's party is trying to cling on
to top offices in the state, the governorship included.

Some of the charges against Mr Blagojevich, who has loudly protested his
innocence, concern the trading of favours from his office in exchange for
campaign cash. He is accused of seeking favours, for example, from the president
of a children's hospital and the Chicago Tribune. The most serious counts
against him could carry prison sentences of 20 years each. Jurors will hear as
much as 100 hours of tape from wire-taps of the defendant.

Most famously, Mr Blagojevich, who has used his time since his fall from office
to write a book, host a radio show and even make an appearance on Celebrity
Apprentice in the US, is accused of trying to sell the US Senate seat that was
relinquished by Mr Obama when he was elected president at the end of 2008. The
former governor arrived at the court yesterday looking relaxed and hugged
supporters. "I feel great," he said. "The truth shall set you free," he told one
well-wisher.

Being subpoenaed by no means guarantees being called to the stand and does not
spell legal trouble for the witness. Mr Emanuel, if called, may be questioned
about an alleged attempt by a close associate of Blagojevich to pressure him to
ask his brother, a Hollywood agent, to raise campaign funds.

Mr Emanuel, then a Congressman, was allegedly warned to expect the state to
withhold cash for a school in his district if he didn't play ball. "We served a
lot of these people just in case they were needed," Shelly Sorosky, a defence
lawyer in the case, commented.

From the start of the scandal, Mr Blogojevich has been unbowed, saying he has
been set up the Democratic machine in Chicago. "I will fight, I will fight, and
I will fight until I take my last breath," he said after his arrest. Jury
selection is likely to take a few days.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2010 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           October 24, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Spotting A True Leader Can Be A Challenge

BYLINE: FRANK SHANNON

SECTION: BRANDON; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 645 words


BY FRANK SHANNON

It was near a quarter-century ago that Hillsborough County was rocked by
arguably the worst accusations of corruption in its political history, when
several county commissioners were arrested by the FBI and charged with accepting
bribes from developers in exchange for votes on a rezoning matter.

Our relatively sleepy southern community showed it was not immune to the same
kind of alleged corruption that one might have associated with large northern
cities such as New York or Chicago.

Such shortcomings of ethics and character range from local to national in scope,
such as the Watergate scandal, Boss Tweed's Tammany Hall in New York, the Teapot
Dome Scandal that tainted the administration of President Warren G. Harding, and
more recently, the impeachment and Senate trial of President Clinton.

Personal issues, too, such as the marital difficulties of former New York Mayor
Rudy Giuliani and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, can cast doubt on a
candidate's character and capacity, or willingness, to do the right thing.

Some would dismiss such matters as irrelevant in considering one's worthiness to
lead. However, one can't escape the obvious: Why should the electorate trust
them when their wives couldn't?

Ethical failings are hardly exclusive to government and politics. Plenty of
doctors, lawyers, law enforcement personnel, businesspeople and others in every
occupation or pursuit have been found ethically wanting.

Government, however, bears with it an implicit expectation of aboveboard,
transparent dealings and responsible, honest stewardship of our tax dollars. We
hold our leadership to a higher standard, rightly and understandably so.
"Character," according to Oklahoma's former Republican Congressman J.C. Watts,
"is doing the right thing when nobody's looking."

Among my most preferred books are biographies, particularly those of leaders.
Most recently, books on President Theodore Roosevelt and British Prime Minister
Winston Churchill have provided deep insights into leaders whose leadership
qualities were best revealed when faced with the worst of times and the most
vexing of circumstances.

Extreme grace under the most extreme pressure is a common thread among those
characterized as "great," and such grace seems to be increasingly in shorter
supply among those seeking to lead. Decisiveness, a quality sorely needed in
light of today's global challenges, is a rare trait. Those whom we most expect
to exercise it often are cowed into impotence by enforcers of political
correctness. Frail things, those backbones.

With a presidential election year bearing down on us, prepare for plenty of
debate on ethical behavior and comparisons of character among candidates, and
most likely charges of deficiencies in those areas by one candidate against
another.

Sometimes, ethical concerns and questions of character don't necessarily
manifest themselves in the form of scandals, but rather are more subtle.
Regardless of party affiliation - and this goes not only for presidential
aspirants but also for those who seek to lead on the local, state or federal
level - there are two types of candidates.

Both types may say they want to and will do the right thing. The difference is
that one type of candidate talks the talk but doesn't walk the walk, except for
the sake of political expediency, such as ingratiating himself or herself to the
special interests that will fund the next campaign.

The type that walks the walk cares more about serving his or her constituency
and fellow citizens, even at political cost, if necessary. It's the difference
between a mere politician and a real leader. The challenge for the voter is to
discern the difference.

Valrico resident Frank Shannon can be contacted at FXShannon @aol.com.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 28, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hurricanes bringing out corruption

BYLINE: By Molly Ivins - Creators Syndicate

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 641 words


The Big Whew blew over Texas, leaving Port Arthur underwater and whole lot of
stress across the state. It is highly stressful to be in a car with two adults,
three children, the dog and the cat for a 12-to-20 hour trip from Houston to
Austin, Dallas or San Antonio. It is also stressful to have two adults, three
children, their dog and their cat move into your 1,200-square-foot house with
you.

Stress-sensitive groups like Alcoholics Anonymous were doing land-office
business in Texas this weekend, while bartenders served up the KatrinaRita.
Austin was also having a music festival and offering free yoga and aroma therapy
sessions to hurricane refugees.

The refugees trade tales of heroism and generosity, along with reports of the
bad and the ugly. That's human nature, but there's nothing forgivable about
organized government corruption.

I'm sorry, there are no exceptions: The first commandment of governing is Thou
Shalt Not Steal the People's Money. Ronald Reagan came into office in 1980 on
the mantra that he would rid the nation of Waste, Fraud and Abuse. He proceeded
to raise the national deficit by $2 trillion with tax cuts and spending on the
military in the face of a collapsing Soviet Union. This led to the peppy
military procurement scandals of the late '80s and early '90s -- the $435 hammer
and the $640 toilet seat.

When Newt Gingrich and Co. took power in 1994, they promised many "reforms" and
spent millions of dollars on hearings and investigations -- the endless
prosecution of Henry Cisneros may actually be a stronger case in point than the
impeachment of Bill Clinton. Despite these splendid efforts, they never could
find the Waste, Fraud and Abuse they claimed were the hallmarks of government.
But this Bush administration has given us Waste, Fraud and Abuse galore.

The waste of money in Iraq is already into the billions, and the lack of
accountability is fed by a Republican Congress that refuses to seriously
investigate anything done by the Republican administration.

With billions being allocated to clean up after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, you
can already smell the corruption -- fat contracts awarded without competitive
bidding. The New York Times reports, "More than 80 percent of the $1.5 billion
in contracts signed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency alone were
awarded without bidding or with limited competition, government records show,
provoking concerns among auditors and government officials about the potential
for favoritism or abuse."

This is rank, nasty business -- corruption, cronyism and competence (the lack
thereof) are the issues here. And as we have so recently and so painfully been
reminded, when government is run by corrupt, incompetent cronies, real people
pay a real price. There is nothing abstract about swollen bodies floating in
flooded streets or dozens of old peopledead in nursing homes.

Frankly, it's a mercy that most of Houston didn't drown in a giant traffic jam
last week. Already, the corporate vultures are moving in -- contracts are
arranged through people like Joe Allbaugh, the former FEMA director who brought
in his old buddy Michael Brown to run the agency.

The corporate clout in this administration is mirrored everywhere, with the same
pattern of crony contracts. Allbaugh didn't just start getting contracts for
politically connected firms after Katrina. He's been in Iraq, where he has a
flourishing lobbying business precisely to help corporations get government
contracts.

Already, Homeland Security is flooding what's left of New Orleans with
mercenaries from the same private security contractors flourishing in Iraq. The
Nation reports companies like DynCorp, Intercon Security, American Security
Group, Blackwater, Wackenhut and an Israelicompany called Instinctive Shooting
International are all in New Orleans.

Baghdad on the Bayou for real.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 12, 2007 Monday

Afghan corruption fighter is felon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: KABUL


When the deal went down in Las Vegas, the seller was introduced only as ''Mr.
E.'' In a room at Caesars Palace hotel, Mr. E exchanged a pound-and-a-half bag
of heroin for $65,000 in cash unaware that the buyer was an undercover
detective.

The sting landed him in a Nevada state prison for nearly four years.

Twenty years later and Mr. E, whose real name is Izzatullah Wasifi, has a new
job. He is the Afghan government's anti-corruption chief.

Wasifi leads a staff of 84 people charged with rooting out the endemic graft
that is fueled in part by the country's position as the world's largest producer
of opium poppy, the raw ingredient of heroin.

Aides to President Hamid Karzai will not say if he knew about the drug
conviction when Wasifi was appointed two months ago as director of the General
Independent Administration of Anti-Corruption and Bribery.

Wasifi, a childhood friend of Karzai, is the son of a prominent Afghan
nationalist leader.

A review of criminal records in Nevada and California revealed that the
48-year-old Wasifi was arrested at Caesars Palace on July 15, 1987, for selling
650 grams, or 23 ounces, of heroin. Prosecutors said the drugs were worth $2
million on the street

Wasifi served three years and eight months in prison before winning parole.

In an interview in his modest office at the anti-corruption bureau in Kabul,
Wasifi confirmed that he had been imprisoned in Nevada for a drug offense,
although his account of events differed from the court records of his case.

He said he was arrested on the third day of his honeymoon. His then-wife, named
in court records as Fereshteh Behbahani, bought cocaine for her own use in a bar
of a Las Vegas hotel and brought it to their room where they were arrested, he
said.

''My wife made an error,'' Wasifi said. ''A lot of people go to Las Vegas for
fun and for snuff,'' he continued, pointing to his nostril and sniffing. ''This
thing happened.''

In Los Angeles, Wasifi's former, wife Behbahani, 50, who was sentenced to three
years' probation for conspiring to traffic drugs with Wasifi, declined to be
interviewed.

Wasifi is adamant that his drug conviction should not affect his ability to
serve in the government in Afghanistan, and compares his situation to President
George W. Bush, who was arrested in 1976 for drunken driving.

''Everybody through their lifetime has done something, fallen somewhere or done
some mistake,'' Wasifi said.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Dubious Ethics Part of Albany Culture, Trial Showed

BYLINE: By SUSANNE CRAIG and BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1260 words


Assemblywoman Amy Paulin had finished testifying for the government at the
corruption trial of Sheldon Silver, offering a primer on how New York State
government works, when one of Mr. Silver's lawyers caught her by surprise.

''You repeatedly sponsored a bill in the Assembly that required millions of
children in New York to be vaccinated with a Merck vaccine,'' the lawyer, Steven
F. Molo said. ''Correct?''

As the jury soon heard, Ms. Paulin and her husband owned as much as $150,000 in
Merck stock, putting the couple in a position to benefit financially from the
legislation she was sponsoring.

Their holdings, while disclosed in her public filings, did not prompt Ms.
Paulin, a Democrat of Scarsdale, to recuse herself, or to make more detailed
disclosures, but the courtroom exchange last month did spur her to action: The
assemblywoman said on Tuesday that she had since sold her Merck stock and had
undertaken a full review of her family's financial holdings.

During the one-month trial in Federal District Court in Manhattan, Mr. Silver's
political career was not the only thing to fall apart. So, too, did the curtain
around how many things in Albany really get done.

Witness after witness in Mr. Silver's trial recounted similar so-called
Albanyisms, behavior that is accepted as normal in the Capitol yet is
potentially a problem.

The trial, in which Mr. Silver, a Democrat who was the longtime speaker, was
convicted, also revealed how the state's decades of failure to take bold action
on ethics reform enabled his deception and created a culture at the Capitol that
remains largely resistant to reform.

Corruption, of course, has endured in Albany for generations, but rarely has
that culture been laid as bare as in the trial of Mr. Silver and the concurrent
corruption trial of his former counterpart, State Senator Dean G. Skelos, a Long
Island Republican and the former majority leader.

Jurors in the Silver trial, for instance, heard about a loophole in state law
that allows companies like the real estate firm Glenwood Management to channel
large donations to state lawmakers in smaller amounts, frequently disguising the
true source from the public.

The two corruption trials may lead to further reforms, though
government-watchdog groups are skeptical, and Albany has historically been
resistant.

Andrew M. Cuomo ran for governor in 2010 on a promise to clean up the capital,
and he has made some headway. In 2011, for instance, a package of ethics reforms
Governor Cuomo negotiated made visible the approximate amount of money lawmakers
earn from outside employment.

Mr. Cuomo's most significant salvo at corruption was the Moreland Commission he
set up in 2013 to investigate all aspects of state corruption. But he shut the
commission down just nine months later, in a deal that brought only more modest
reforms, and spurred interest from the office of Preet Bharara, the United
States attorney for the Southern District of New York, which has been examining
the shutdown and the governor's role in it. The status of that investigation is
unclear.

Mr. Cuomo, a Democrat, said in July that he could not legislate morality or
intelligence and that his administration had ''proposed every ethics law
imaginable.''

On Tuesday, he said that the problem in Mr. Silver's case was not that New York
did not have strong ethics laws in place; it was that Mr. Silver ''thought he
was going to get away with it.''

When Mr. Silver's trial opened in November, Mr. Molo argued that because New
York lawmakers were allowed to earn outside income, it was ''impossible'' for
them not to have some sort of conflict.

''That may make you uncomfortable,'' he said. ''It makes some people
uncomfortable. But that is the system that New York has chosen, and it is not a
crime.''

One trial witness, Richard Runes, a lobbyist who oversees government relations
for Glenwood Management, a significant beneficiary of state subsidies, offered
insight into the so-called L.L.C. loophole, a glaring weakness in the state's
campaign finance system. The loophole has allowed corporate donors to make
contributions to lawmakers far in excess of what an individual corporation would
be allowed to give, because it treats limited-liability companies as people, not
corporations.

The jury heard testimony that the loophole had allowed Glenwood to give large
amounts of money, almost always through opaquely named limited-liability
companies -- like 280 245 East 40th St and 430 1930 Broadway -- that obscured
its source.

But Mr. Runes made sure the recipients of the money knew where it was coming
from.

''I would take the checks, and I would attach my business card to the check with
a paper clip, put it in a 1200 Union Turnpike envelope, and deliver it to
whichever campaign committee it was going to,'' Mr. Runes testified, referring
to the address of Glenwood's corporate headquarters in New Hyde Park, N.Y.

The source of limited-liability company donations is not the only thing that
remains obscured in Albany.

The state's disclosure forms, the main source of public information about
lawmakers' outside incomes, are open to interpretation and potential abuse by
lawmakers.

For instance, evidence at Mr. Silver's trial showed that he earned hundreds of
thousands of dollars over the years in fees from a law firm, Goldberg & Iryami,
that received tax business from Glenwood and a second real estate firm, the
Witkoff Group, at Mr. Silver's urging.

The former speaker did not disclose Goldberg & Iryami on his annual disclosure
form. Rather, for years he disclosed the income he received from another firm
that he was associated with, Weitz & Luxenberg, and often added ''law practice
-- fees,'' or some variation of that.

Mr. Silver's lawyers argued that their client's use of the words ''law
practice'' made his disclosure forms accurate because Goldberg & Iryami had made
its payments to Mr. Silver through his law practice account.

Lisa Reid, the executive director and counsel for the Legislative Ethics
Commission of New York, an agency that reviewed Mr. Silver's annual disclosure
forms, seemed to agree in her testimony.

''Presuming that the income is coming from your clients and it is going into the
law practice, yes, you would only need to list the income as coming from your
law practice, correct,'' Ms. Reid testified.

She acknowledged she had no independent knowledge that the information on the
forms Mr. Silver submitted was accurate. Lawmakers are not required to submit
supporting documentation, like bank statements or information from their law
firm, about the sources of their income.

The trial did have an immediate impact on Ms. Paulin, who has served 14 years in
the Assembly. During cross-examination, she said she would ''be much more
careful and perhaps advise my husband that we should not be owning stock that I
have any relationship to.''

On Tuesday, besides saying that her family had sold its Merck stock, Ms. Paulin
also said that she was trying to persuade her husband, the stock picker in the
family, to sell their holding in Consolidated Edison. (She had served as
chairwoman of a committee hearing at which Con Ed's president testified; she has
since recused herself from a hearing this week involving the utility.)

''I don't want even an appearance of impropriety,'' she said. ''I don't want
anybody to think that any decision I am making has anything to do with personal
interest.''

Follow The New York Times's Metro coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up
for the New York Today newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/02/nyregion/the-questionable-ways-of-albany-expos
ed-at-sheldon-silvers-trial.html

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sheldon Silver, a Democrat who was once the New York Assembly
speaker, leaving Federal District Court in Manhattan on Monday after being found
guilty on all counts in his corruption trial. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ROBERT STOLARIK FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Arizona: FBI Announces Tip Line to Combat Public Corruption

LENGTH: 380  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Vincent B. Lisi of the FBI's Boston Division
announced today a new initiative designed to solicit the public's help in
identifying and targeting public corruption.

The initiative includes the launch of a new, toll-free tip line number,
1-844-NOBRIBE (1-844-662-7423), and a billboard campaign called "Stop Corruption
Now." The campaign will focus on targeting fraud and corruption at all levels of
government.

Public corruption remains a top criminal priority for the FBI. It's a breach of
the public's trust by government officials--whether elected, appointed or under
contract--who use their public office for personal gain. It is a violation of
federal law for any federal, state, or local government official to receive
anything of value in exchange for or because of any official act. Due to the
secretive nature of bribes, such crimes are often difficult to detect and even
more difficult to prove without the assistance of concerned citizens. As a
result, the FBI has set up a public corruption hotline for reporting tips at
1-844-NOBRIBE. Online tips can be submitted at tips.fbi.gov.

Various types of corruption include bribery, extortion, embezzlement,
racketeering, kickbacks, and money laundering, as well as wire, mail, bank, and
tax fraud. The public is encouraged to review these corruption questionnaires
for contract corruption, economic stimulus, and government fraud (available at
the conclusion of this release). If the answer is yes to any of these questions,
individuals are asked to contact the FBI.

One area of growing concern over the last few years is the expansion of gaming
which may also increase public corruption, financial, and organized crime.

"Concerned citizens are the FBI's biggest asset when it comes to exposing people
who are abusing the public's trust and misusing taxpayer money to line their own
pockets. This tip line is designed to be an easy way for those with knowledge of
schemes to report those schemes," said SAC Lisi.

In connection with this initiative, advertisements for the tip line will also
appear on Facebook in the coming weeks.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 5, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Police Corruption -- Again

SECTION: Section A;   Page 30;   Column 1;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 374 words


The sight of police officers being led off in handcuffs is becoming
distressingly common in New York City. Earlier this week, 16 police officers
from the 48th Precinct in the Bronx were indicted on charges of robbery,
burglary, larceny, filing false police reports and insurance fraud. Seven others
narrowly escaped indictment but were suspended from the force for various
offenses, including failure to report criminal acts by fellow officers. Three
adjoining precincts -- the 46th, the 44th and the 52d -- are also under scrutiny
for police corruption, law enforcement officials say.

The Bronx case marks the second such mass arrest in two years. Police officials
hoped that the earlier arrests, in Harlem's 30th Precinct, would put a damper on
police criminality. That did not happen. Most of this week's arrests involved
crimes committed since Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and Police Commissioner William
Bratton took office and since the "Dirty 30" case hit the headlines.

Some might view this week's arrests as proof that the department can police
itself, without an independent monitoring agency of the sort recently proposed
by the City Council. A more realistic view is that the corruption in the Bronx
was too blatant and pervasive to ignore.

The investigation in the 48th was stimulated by pressure from the former Mollen
commission, thus illustrating the value of a strong independent agency to
monitor corruption. The City Council created such a commission, but the Giuliani
administration has gone to court to block it, arguing that it would usurp
executive power. Mayor Giuliani has instead named his own anti-corruption panel,
with only limited powers and accountable only to him and his investigations
commissioner, making it more susceptible to political pressure and cronyism.

The independent agency created by the City Council is clearly superior. It would
have stronger powers and be accountable to both the mayor and the Council. At
this point the matter is destined to be settled in court. But even if Mr.
Giuliani wins, the panel he proposes would deepen public distrust. New Yorkers
need to know that corruption is being investigated as thoroughly as possible,
without even a hint of political favoritism.


LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 26, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

DRUG ABUSE BY POLICE CALLED FORCE'S MAJOR INTERNAL WORRY

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 35, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 595 words


New York City's police commanders are concerned about drug abuse by young
officers and the potential for police corruption posed by an increasing number
of illegal after-hours clubs, according to a Police Department report.

The report, prepared by the internal affairs division and based on a survey of
precinct and other commanders, said the young officers had grown up in a society
that had become ''increasingly tolerant of the use of illegal drugs.'' The young
officers are also ''more likely'' to frequent the unlicensed after-hours clubs
where ''drugs are used openly'' and liquor is illegally sold, the report said.

''With the influx of thousands of new officers, drawn from society in general, a
new hazard has emerged - drug use by police officers,'' the report said.
''Narcotics is perceived as the department's No. 1 corruption hazard.''

Last year's report said the commanders' greatest concern involving corruption
was the theft of property in police custody and thefts by officers while making
arrests.

Records on Drug Abuse

While the new report gave no figures on actual or suspected drug abuse by
officers, department records show that in 1981 and 1982 there were 96
allegations of drug abuse by officers on or off duty.  Of those allegations,
nine were substantiated, 63 were unsubstantiated and 24 are still under
investigation, according to police records.

The report was submitted to Police Commissioner Robert J. McGuire by John Guido,
the chief of inspectional services. In an accompanying memorandum to the
Commissioner, Chief Guido noted that the annual corruption assessment ''is aimed
at making commanders aware of the changes taking place in society that can
impact on the department.''

In another section dealing with the potential for corruption posed by unlicensed
after-hours clubs, the report said: ''As in the narcotics hazard, the influx of
younger police officers has added to the complexity of the problem as they are
more likely to frequent these clubs off duty. Premises that operate in violation
of the law place officers who frequent them in a compromising position insofar
as enforcement is concerned.''

Reports of Payoffs

The report said recent disclosures that some police officers, mainly from the
10th Precinct in Manhattan, had taken payoffs to protect several unlicensed
clubs, had ''heightened the awareness of possible corruption in this area.''

Six present and former officers have pleaded guilty or have been found guilty as
a result of a Federal investigation into police corruption involving after-hours
clubs and a number of others face criminal or departmental charges. Although the
report expressed concern about younger officers, all the officers who have been
implicated are veteran officers.

Nearly 30 percent of the city's 23,400 police officers and supervisors were
hired in the last four years, following a five-year hiring freeze because of the
city's financial problems.

''The new kids come out of a culture that is not the post-World War II
'discipline, family, church and state,' '' Commissioner McGuire said in an
interview earlier this year in which he discussed the department's ''new breed''
of officers. ''It's a more permissive culture with more questioning of
authority.''

But the Commissioner also said that the young officers had brought new vitality,
dedication and other benefits to the force.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 18, 2006 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

2nd Campbell girlfriend testifies

BYLINE: JEFFRY SCOTT, BETH WARREN

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 800 words


Prosecutors called another Bill Campbell girlfriend to the stand Friday in the
federal corruption trial of the former Atlanta mayor to talk about gambling,
gifts and trips paid for in cash.

Martina Jimenez, a 34-year-old Buckhead financial adviser, was on the stand for
only 15 minutes. When questioning her, Assistant U.S. Attorney Phyllis Sumner
never used the word "sex" or "affair." She instead referred to Jimenez's
three-year-long romance with Campbell as a "personal relationship."

Jimenez, who was composed and matter-of-fact on the stand, said she was working
as a mortgage broker when she met Campbell at a work-related party in September
1998. At the time, she was 26.

She continued to see the married mayor, 18 years her senior, through fall 2001.
Campbell was also carrying on an affair with TV reporter Marion Brooks during
1998, 1999 and part of 2001, Brooks testified.

Campbell's wife, Sharon, who has been in the courtroom most days, was absent
when Brooks and Jimenez testified.

Campbell, on trial for racketeering, bribery and tax fraud, insists he is
innocent and blames his underlings for any corruption at City Hall.

Prosecutors say he ran the city as a criminal enterprise and squeezed
contractors, including his gambling buddy Rickey Rowe, for cash in exchange for
lucrative city contracts.

Prosecutors said they called Brooks to the stand last week to provide testimony
about Campbell's cash spending habits, but the aura of their affair added
sensation to a trial that at times has been tedious.

The case was the same with Jimenez's testimony, which has been anticipated for a
week.

Sumner questioned Jimenez about dates she traveled to meet the mayor in distant
cities in a methodical style.Jimenez said she seldom traveled with Campbell, but
met him in New York, Miami, Savannah, New Orleans and Washington and at gambling
casinos in Mississippi.

She testified she met Campbell in Miami in July 1999, the same month the mayor
went to Paris with Marion Brooks.

On the four-day trip to France, Campbell and Brooks spent much of their time
touring the city, with Brooks taking photos of the mayor on the street and in
front of famous landmarks.

Prosecutors allege that city contractor United Water paid about $12,000 for that
trip, which ostensibly was for business so the mayor could visit the facilities
of the French company that owns United Water.

Jimenez testified that on one trip to Tunica, Miss., she and Campbell were
joined by Rowe and another city contractor, Fred Prewitt. During the trip, she
said, she watched the mayor spend "a few hours" gambling at a blackjack table.

Jimenez testified she didn't know how Campbell acquired his gambling chips, nor
did she know if he won or lost. She said Campbell never discussed how he made
money.

She said the mayor bought her gifts --- a watch, "a lot of flowers," and a Mount
Blanc pen.

Campbell also helped Jimenez land a newly created job in public relations in
2001 with the Atlanta Development Authority, which Campbell chaired.

Defense attorney Billy Martin asked only one question of Jimenez on
cross-examination. Did she have any personal knowledge of Campbell taking
bribes? She said: "No."

U.S. District Judge Richard Story ended the trial for the day after Jiminez
testified.

Earlier, Atlanta's internal auditor testified that one of Campbell's cronies
landed a contract without competing bidders. The Stanton Park project took
nearly six years to complete and ended up costing the city $2 million more than
expected, auditor Leslie Ward testified.

Ward testified that the City Council wanted an audit of the project in 2001,
after the cost kept rising. Contaminated dirt had to be removed from a city park
built on an old landfill. The park was closed in January, 1999 after a child
caught on fire when she slid down a slide and the friction ignited methane gas
rising up from the ground.

Ward said there was no documentation to show how the company, R&D Testing and
Drilling, got the project and no evidence it had experience with that type of
work. The company was owned by the now-deceased Rowe, a major Campbell campaign
contributor, prosecutors said.

"They subcontracted almost all of the work," Ward said of Rowe's company.

Campbell signed off on the project, documents show.

Ward said the audit showed that another company with more experience had sent in
a $6.1 million proposal that included bonding to ensure the cost would not rise.
Instead, she said R&D got the project, without the insurance, and the price tag
rose to $8.8 million.

"They did not finish all the work and they did not pay all of the
subcontractors," she testified. "It put the city at risk a financial risk."

The city ended up paying $1 million to two of the subcontractors and Rowe's firm
ended up with $7.6 million, she said.

Testimony continues Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: RICHARD MILLER / SpecialBill Campbell looks on as Martina
Jimenez testifies Friday that she had a three-year relationship with the former
Atlanta mayor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

'Caldron of Corruption' in Albany

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 768 words


Now that Sheldon Silver has been pressured into agreeing to resign as speaker of
New York's Assembly after his arrest on corruption charges, the governor and the
lawmakers who so poorly represent the state should not kid themselves into
thinking they have made real progress on cleaning up what the federal prosecutor
who indicted Mr. Silver called the ''cauldron of corruption'' in Albany.

In theory, the Democrats who control the Assembly should be able to pick a
successor who is committed to good governance and ethics reform, but already the
signs of back-room dealing and meddling from party hacks are not encouraging.
And even a good choice would not be enough. Without real change, New York's
lawmakers could simply continue to rob the public of more than money, as the
United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, Preet Bharara,
said recently. These lawmakers cheat New Yorkers of the honest and productive
representation they need and deserve.

If this is not the moment for change, then when?

Gov. Andrew Cuomo needs to lead the way, to turn his abstract promises of reform
into tough laws that make a difference. Legislators who stand in his way can no
longer hide behind the well-worn tricks used by the likes of Mr. Silver and
other leaders in Albany to avoid accountability and real change.

What's at issue is the present and future governance of a state with nearly 20
million people and a budget of $150 billion, which is larger than that of many
nations, including Finland, Venezuela and Egypt. The state's 214 lawmakers not
only influence the way people live across the state, but they have a chokehold
on taxes, development, traffic and even education in New York City.

Over the last decade, more than 30 state officials have gone to prison or been
accused of sexual or civic wrongdoing ranging from bribery to stealing state
money and extortion. The group of 30 includes several lawmakers accused of
sexual harassment. One governor resigned in scandal, a comptroller -- the
watchdog of the public purse -- was jailed for fraud.

Of Albany's many ethical problems, here are the three most urgent. In each case,
we offer an ideal, long-term solution and a short-term ''until then'' fix.

Outside Income

Mr. Silver is accused of using his law practice to rake in millions of dollars
while helping clients in Albany. It's hard to imagine lawmakers voluntarily
giving up all outside income, except, say, lecture fees, although that would be
the ideal outcome. Governor Cuomo has proposed a commission that would recommend
a two-tiered salary scale -- one for full-time legislators and another for those
with outside income. This could take forever. Short term, the Legislature should
consider a bill offered by State Senator Brad Hoylman, a Manhattan Democrat,
that would cap outside income at 15 percent of official salary, much as Congress
does. Income should be documented in detail, including the amounts and the names
of clients for legislators who are lawyers.

Campaign Finance

The charges against Mr. Silver make it scandalously clear how easy it is to buy
influence in Albany. The campaign finance system needs a complete overhaul, with
lowered limits, more disclosure and public matching funds for campaigns. Until
then, lawmakers could end the scam used by many contributors to get around the
few limits New York State law does have; they create dozens of small
limited-liability corporations that can each give the maximum amount allowed.
That was the method prosecutors say was used by Leonard Litwin, the real estate
developer, whose company, Glenwood Management, funneled more than $10 million to
candidates and party committees, including substantial funds to Mr. Silver.

Oversight

The ethics police in Albany have been rendered powerless by the lawmakers who
created them. The Joint Commission on Public Ethics is unwieldy and unable to
proceed with an investigation if the members appointed by the Legislature veto
it. Another group, the Legislative Ethics Commission, does little more than
dispense advice. The New York Public Interest Research Group last week proposed
a merger of the two, and urged greater independence. Until then, New Yorkers
will have to rely on outsiders like Mr. Bharara for ethics policing.

In his State of the State speech last week, Governor Cuomo spent only 80 seconds
on the need to ''restore the public's trust.'' He mentioned, in passing, the
public financing of campaigns and the issue of outside income. With the arrest
and resignation of Mr. Silver, restoring public trust should be at the top of
Mr. Cuomo's agenda.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/31/opinion/sheldon-silver-andnew-yorks-cauldron-o
f-corruption.html

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

State attorney candidates square off in debate

BYLINE: Wayne Markham, Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words


July 11--Grand juries, public access, trial experience and getting tough on
public corruption captured the headlines in a fiery debate between two Democrats
vying for the job of Monroe County state attorney.

Incumbent Dennis Ward traded blows with challenger Catherine Vogel during the
Hometown Political Action Committee's candidate forum Monday night at Key West
International Airport.

Vogel said Ward's law license was suspended when he failed to complete
continuing education in 2009 and that should disqualify him from running.

"I have never been suspended," Ward fired back, adding that his opponent was
"grasping for straws." He said The Florida Bar executive director confirmed Ward
was "never suspended" and said the continuing charge "is wrong and it's
misleading."

That's not the only issue that divided the two during the 40-minute exchange.

Vogel criticized Ward and his office for going public about issues, especially
before trial, and said national standards for state attorneys should guide
prosecutor conduct.

Ward said high-profile public corruption investigations and trials during his
first four years would continue if he's re-elected and said the press plays a
vital role in sending the message: "If you're an elected official and you're
going to steal, we'll put you in jail; if you have a pension [and are
convicted], we'll take it away.

"I will share as much information as possible. We've taken Monroe County a step
forward in transparency and the message is: There's a new sheriff in town. We're
not going to tolerate public corruption."

Vogel emphasized her 27 years of trial experience, much of it as a high-profile
prosecutor in Miami-Dade County before coming to the Keys, adding that as chief
deputy to former State Attorney Mark Kohl, she added administrative experience
and the ability to prioritize cases. "I have that experience; my opponent does
not," she said.

On the use of grand juries, the two offered differing views. Ward said he always
has a grand jury in place to take on cases as warranted. "If an elected official
is caught doing something, it allows a grand jury to make that decision" on
prosecuting.

Vogel cited her record under Kohl and said she "will be pursuing public
corruption," citing her successful prosecution of Key West police over battering
of suspects as one example of "what I define as public corruption. I went to
trial and got convictions."

She quoted famed defense attorney Roy Black on the question: " 'Grand jury is
where political cases go to die'; it's not necessary to take those before a
grand jury. I would bite the bullet and charge those individuals myself."

Ward said he was "most proud" of his office's record on prosecuting public
corruption since being elected four years ago.

"I promised to be tough on public corruption. It's no mystery why we have so
many running for School Board and Mosquito Control [Board]; these are areas
where I've dealt with public corruption."

The winner of the Aug. 14 primary will face the Republican Kohl in November's
general election.

In other Hometown PAC forums held Monday, three of the four vying to be the
Republican nominee for county clerk debated: Matt Gardi, Stuart Kessler and
Kevin Madok. Amy Heavlin was a no-show. Two Republicans vying for the District 1
Mosquito Control Board seat also debated: Jill Cranney-Gage and Maggie
Gutierrez.

___ (c)2012 the Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon, Fla.) Visit the Florida Keys
Keynoter (Marathon, Fla.) at www.keysnet.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120711-FK-State-attorney-candidates-square-off-in-debate-0711-20120711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FK


                      Copyright 2012 Florida Keys Keynoter


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            April 25, 1970, Saturday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 1

LENGTH: 272 words

NY Times survey on police corruption: 6-mo study reveals narcotics dealers,
gamblers and businessmen make illicit payments of millions of dollars yrly to
policemen and that internal payoffs among policemen seems to have become
institutionalized; says policemen interviewed charge officials in Lindsay Adm
and Police Dept have failed to investigate many cases called to their attention
and are reluctant to openly acknowledge that corruption is a problem; notes
Police Comr Leary, in recent rept to chmn of Joint Legis Com on Crime, reptd
that in 137 cases of misconduct referred to dept in last 3 yrs, 7 policemen were
dismissed; says dept has refused to comply with Lindsay's May 12 order to all
depts requiring all charges of possible corruption to be reptd to Investigation
Dept; some policemen make specific accusations including charge that Justice A G
Fraiman, then head of Investigation Dept, refused to look into charges that
Bronx gamblers were paying between $800 and $1,000 a mo to policemen for
protection; that J Kriegel, Lindsay staff aide for law enforcement, said in
early '68 that adm could not act on charges of police corruption because it did
not want to upset them during possibly turbulent summer ahead; that 1 policeman
arranged payoffs to police from major heroin dealers of up to $50,000 in return
for such favors as destruction of evidence gathered in secret wiretaps; other
instances of corruption, bribery and payoffs among policemen detailed; concern
of some policemen over effect of corruption on individuals in dept stressed by
many of those interviewed; Fraiman denies charges; Kriegel silent; por

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1970 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

The NY way to fight police graft

BYLINE: A Jalil Hamid

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 465 words


NEW YORK: FAILURE to take action or refusal to accept a police report could soon
be offences under corrupt practices in the Royal Malaysian Police.

Others include the downgrading of criminal statistics, falsification of
documents, off-duty misconduct, unauthorised employment and misuse of police
assets.

Home Minister Datuk Seri Dr Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said these offences could be
classified as misconduct in the expanded definition of the term "corruption" in
a new code being considered by the police, based on the model used by the New
York Police Department (NYPD).

Zahid is here to study the best practices that have been adopted by NYPD, which
has been largely successful in eradicating the scourge of corruption and abuse
of power in the 35,000-strong force that polices one of the world's biggest
cities.

"Malaysia is learning the experience of NYPD in dealing with the issues of
integrity and corruption," Zahid, on a working visit here and to Washington DC,
told Malaysian journalists here.

"We want to counter the negative perception of corruption in the police."

He said NYPD had a grave corruption problem 20 years ago.

"But it has resolved it by taking several steps, including the setting up of a
special commission and a department called the Internal Affairs Bureau in NYPD
to handle police misconduct."

The city's authorities had set up the Commission to Combat Police Corruption
(CCPC) in 1995 after an independent body investigating the affairs of NYPD found
that the department had undergone alternating cycles of corruption and reform.

The authorities believed that the creation of an independent commission to
monitor anti-corruption activities in NYPD and keep the department vigilant
would help break the recurring cycles of corruption.

Zahid said he had met former NYPD chief Charles Campisi and CCPC members for
talks on joint training and cooperation on related matters.

He said NYPD officials had visited Malaysia for that purpose.

"We may send our police officers for training with NYPD to learn about its best
practices.

"We are taking more initiatives to deal with issues of integrity, including
corruption, in the police."

Towards this end, the police has set up the Integrity and Standards Compliance
Department, which will be staffed by some 1,000 people.

"Besides dealing with the aspects of integrity and corruption, the setting up of
the department will also address the negative perception of the police," said
Zahid.

He said this was over and above a special division on integrity that had been
set up at the ministry.

Besides enforcing rules against misconduct in the police, Zahid said the
government would also look into the welfare of policemen and officers, including
their terms of services, as well as ensure better facilities in their working
environment.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 26, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Donovan for AG;
Downstate prosecutor better equipped to take on corruption in Albany

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 420 words


The race for New York State attorney general this election is the difference
between an experienced Democrat who has spent 12 years in the State Senate and
leans to the left and a right-leaning Republican district attorney from Staten
Island.

For a variety of reasons, this page endorses Staten Island Republican Dan
Donovan.

Granted, he is an unknown and garners his share of criticism. But in Donovan,
voters may wind up getting an attorney general, and that's it. He has pledged
that that's as far as his aspirations go.

Free of the Albany specter, Donovan should be better able to act independently
and, as he has promised, fight public corruption. The attorney general, whose
office primarily defends the state, must be above reproach as he's rooting out
corruption by others, and Donovan must live up to that pledge, as well.

The district attorney of Richmond County for seven years, Donovan has the
experience of running an office that has ranked high in crime reduction. For
years before that, he worked as a prosecutor in Manhattan. In seven years
running his office in Staten Island, he has brought an innovative approach to
solving internal problems, formulating a witness protection program at no
taxpayer cost by using forfeited money from drug dealers.

Over the course of his career, Donovan has learned that, along with mandated
responsibilities, he must also stretch the parameters of the district attorney's
office to fight crime. He has taken on public corruption, and wants to obtain
original jurisdiction of corruption cases for the attorney general's office
through legislation, executive order or current law.

He also wants more transparency of member items, not far from the concept of
Attorney General Andrew Cuomo's Operation Sunlight. And, of course, Donovan
wants to develop processes to expose legislators' outside income.

Donovan gets kudos for tackling the details and making it work for his
constituents.

State Sen. Eric Schneiderman, well meaning and with a history of public interest
work, has served in the same dysfunctional Albany system that he says he has
tried to clean up as a self-proclaimed reformer. He chaired the select committee
whose recommendation led to the ouster of Hiram Monserrate, worked to help
defeat Pedro Espada in the primary and introduced ethics bills and rules
reforms. But his ability to truly be an independent voice after having been so
long a part of the system is at least questionable. He might make a good
attorney general, but Donovan is that much more likely.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorials

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       April 27, 2001, Friday, Edition 1

CULTURAL SENSITIVITY? FUHGEDABOUDIT

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1340 words




NEWARK, N.J.

CRIME PAYS. Especially here in the Wiseguys State, where greed 'n' graft is the
stuff of legend, of power, of Emmy-winning TV shows.

You got your political corruption. You got your mobster might. You got,
reportedly, Jimmy Hoffa buried under the field posts at Giants Stadium.

And now, much to the displeasure of powerful Italian-American civic
organizations, you got The Sopranos reinforcing every stereotype of criminal
tendencies that make Italians pazzo.

Somehow, I've landed on the e-mail list of the humourless Italo-American faction
that wants to have Tony Soprano and his crew whacked from the airwaves. It's
always been my suspicion that such ethnic and cultural organizations - the
hyphenated patriots - are actually PR shills on the payroll of that very
criminal element that they claim doesn't exist any more and is just a Hollywood
fantasy. Buffing the Italian image is a profitable endeavour in a culture that
makes anti-hero celebrities out of fictional characters such as the Corleones
and the Sopranos, or real people like John Gotti and the Genovese clan.

Violence, so prominent and common a reality in American life, plays rather well
on the entertainment front. I mean, it's not like they're making this stuff up
holus-bolus.

Even across the river, the Senator from Queens last week urged television
viewers to cancel their Home Box Office subscriptions in protest against The
Sopranos' portrayal of Italian-Americans as being involved in organized crime.
Well, duuhhh.

State Senator Serphin Maltese was particularly bothered by an episode the
previous week wherein the New Jersey mob viciously murdered a young woman. "I am
offended by the way this program romanticizes brutal violence and sexual content
and I'm urging everyone, particularly Italian-Americans, to protest by
cancelling their subscriptions," Maltese thundered.

The chairman of the Italian-American Federation of Brooklyn and Queens added:
"Week after week, millions of Americans are watching this offensive program that
is comprised of nothing more than anti-Italian ethnic slurs. Something must be
done to tone it down or strike a balance with more pro- Italian-American
programming."

This over-reaction to fictional TV characters is reminiscent of former vice-
president Dan Quayle's hissy fit over the pregnancy of an unwed Murphy Brown a
few years back. Maltese, by the way, is also a Republican.

On the same day that the Senator put the viewer hit on The Sopranos, the
American Italian Defense Association filed suit in Chicago, charging that the
program wrongly portrays most of the ethnic group as mobsters. The AIDA isn't
looking for monetary damages but merely (merely!) wants a jury to declare that
the show "offends the dignity" of Italian-Americans. Specifically, the
association claims The Sopranos violates the Individual Dignity Clause of the
Illinois Constitution. To wit: "To promote individual dignity, communications
that portray criminality, depravity or lack of virtue in, or that incite
violence, hatred, abuse or hostility toward, a person or group of persons by
reason of or by reference to religious, racial, ethnic, national or regional
affiliation are condemned."

And we think our hate laws are booga-booga.

It's believed to be the first lawsuit of its kind in America, a country that
lives and dies on First Amendment rights guaranteeing freedom of expression.

Meanwhile, Essex County in New Jersey has denied The Sopranos a permit to film
scenes on county-owned property. Officials cited noise and safety concerns but
county executive James Treffinger revealed the scheme for what it was, saying he
would never ever again grant a permit for the series. "I have no intention of
granting a permit for our taxpayer-owned facilities for a profit-making
enterprise which depicts an ethnic group in stereotypical fashion."

The sheriff, one Armando Fontoura, went further: "I'm constantly having to
defend my county and state. I don't think the show is good for Essex County.
It's not accurate."

This, despite the fact the program brought a lot of money into the area. Essex
County was a favourite shooting location and the fictional Tony Soprano lives in
North Caldwell, hometown of creator David Chase.

Even New York city's Columbus Day parade shunned The Sopranos, refusing any
floats that alluded to the show. Further, William Paterson University withdrew
permission for The Sopranos to film on campus after a professor who'd been
scheduled to lecture about Italian-American images protested.

University campuses in the U.S., and Canada, have increasingly choked off
expression of opinions that don't suit the political climate.

Personally, I haven't met an Italian-American - or an Italian-Canadian for that
matter - who's all bent out of shape by The Sopranos, quite the opposite.  Strip
away what Tony and his crew do for a living and what you're left with is a
typical domestic dramedy, but with much better dialogue. And, murders aside, the
violent undercurrent is no different from what I experienced growing up in an
Italian household on Grace St. in downtown Toronto. Except my parents had no
problem with belting their kids around. And, frankly, neither did the parents of
my Scottish friends and my Portuguese friends and my Jamaican friends. It wasn't
called child abuse then, it was called parenting.

Overly melodramatized TV entertainment? I have one great-grandfather who did 18
years in prison - and he wasn't even a member of the Mafia. Another relative was
known as The Pistol.

But how unrealistic is The Sopranos, really? On Wednesday, law enforcement
authorities in Brooklyn - using thousands of hours of gangland conversations
recorded by a Mafia turncoat - filed charges against 45 men accused of being
mobsters in New York, New Jersey and Miami. The arraignments were the
culmination of a three-year undercover investigation and was aimed mostly at the
Genovese family, the largest Mafia group in New York, and identified by the
government as the "Rolls-Royce of organized crime."

In New Jersey, the show's success has created a mini tourist boom out of
locations featured on the program and which exist in real life, though sometimes
by a different name. The Bada Bing! peeler bar, for example, is really the Satin
Dolls strip joint, but some of the resident dancers have occasionally been
afforded walk-on (or grind-on) roles in the show.

But let's take a look at what else has happened here in the Garden State in
recent days: On Tuesday, Acting Governor Donald DiFranceso abruptly quit the
governor's race following weeks of media scrutiny of his past business and legal
dealings.

This is not unfamiliar territory for Jersey politicos. Two decades ago, during
the Abscam scandal, two state legislators went to prison for taking bribes from
FBI agents masquerading as Arab sheiks.

More recently, there have been calls in the State Senate for the impeachment of
a sitting State Supreme Court justice on charges that he misled lawmakers about
racial profiling.

And, most deliciously, there's the odour of mendacity surrounding New Jersey
Democratic Senator Robert Torricelli, whose ancestors, I suspect, did not land
at Plymouth Rock with the Quakers. Last week, The New York Times ran a
front-page story that quoted a former Torricelli supporter (who's pleaded guilty
to donating $53,700 to the senator's '96 campaign) as telling government
investigators that he gave Torricelli the following: 10 Italian- made suits, a
Rolex watch, a 52-inch TV set, Tiffany cuff links and an unspecified amount of
cash.

A Senate ban forbids gifts valued at more than $50.

Torricelli, by the way, used to date Bianca Jagger.

Now there's a storyline that doesn't need any Hollywood goosing.

But of course The Sopranos is all made-up stuff.

Rosie DiManno usually appears Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. E-mail:
dimanno@hotstar.net


LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: REUTERS FILE PHOTO
 MOB MENTALITY:
 Some politicians and civic organizations in the United States have denounced
The Sopranos, saying the TV show perpetuates offensive stereotypes about
Italian-Americans.

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               October 17, 1999, Sunday, EARLY FIVE STAR EDITION

FBI LOOKS INTO BRIBERY CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA CITY

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A15

LENGTH: 74 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, CALIF.


The FBI has launched a far-reaching corruption investigation in the San
Francisco Bay-area city of Richmond, asking as many as 60 power brokers,
politicians and campaign contributors if they know of payoffs or bribes to City
Council members.

Political, labor and church leaders have been subpoenaed to testify before a
federal grand jury in Oakland in the coming weeks. FBI spokesman Charlie Johnson
would not confirm the investigation.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 January 9, 1998, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
Not guilty plea in bribe probe

BYLINE: From news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 06A

LENGTH: 776 words


A founder of what was once the nation's leading minority-owned municipal bond
firm pleaded not guilty Thursday to bribery charges in a widening probe of
public corruption in Miami. Calvin Grigsby, co-founder of the defunct Grigsby
Brandford & Co. of San Francisco, was indicted in federal court along with
Miami-Dade County Commissioner James Burke and Burke's former chief aide, Billy
Hardemon.

Grigsby was accused of arranging $ 350,000 in bribes to get Burke and Hardemon
to steer county bond business his way.

Burke and Hardemon delayed entering pleas until a hearing set for Feb. 10. Bail
was set at $ 1 million for Grigsby and $ 500,000 each for Burke and Hardemon.
If convicted, each defendant could face a maximum sentence of 50 years in prison
and a $ 1 million fine.

Gov. Lawton Chiles suspended Burke shortly after he appeared in court.

ACCIDENTS Boy dies with head stuck in car window

A 3-year-old Iowa boy playing in the family car died when his head got stuck in
a power window and he couldn't breathe. Steven Matthew Falkner died at an
Otummwa hospital Wednesday night. Steven, his brother and several other children
were playing outside when he climbed into the back seat and opened the window to
yell at the other kids. Steven somehow hit the switch and the window went back
up. His brother found Steven with his head stuck in the window.

AVIATION FAA orders probe of Boeing 737s

The Federal Aviation Administration ordered inspections of 211 Boeing 737
airliners to check hinge fasteners discovered missing from a jet that crashed
last month in Indonesia. The order does not affect Atlanta-based Delta Air
Lines. U.S. airlines affected by the order are Alaska, Boullioun Aviation
Services, Continental, GE Capital Corp., ILFC, Pro Air, Southwest and Western
Pacific.

Another F-16 crashes in desert

An F-16C crashed during a training mission at the Utah Test and Training Range,
the second time in two days a fighter jet has gone down in the area. The pilot,
Lt. Col. Judd Kelley of the 34th Fighter Squadron, ejected safely. He was listed
in good condition at Hill Air Force Base Hospital. Capt. Dennis Mehring said the
plane crashed about three miles east of I-80 near the Utah-Nevada border. On
Wednesday, an identical plane crashed into the testing range after it collided
in midair with another F-16C on a training run. One pilot ejected and wasn't
seriously hurt. The other was able to land.

COURTS Man settles suit on AIDS disclosure

A Michigan AIDS patient who says his children found out about his illness
because of an indiscreet pharmacy clerk reached an out-of-court settlement with
the clerk and a drug store chain. The terms of the settlement, announced on the
fourth day of the trial, were not disclosed. Stanley Grzadzinski and his wife,
Kathy, had sued Arbor Drugs and pharmacy technician Dawn Castellano, accusing
her of violating his confidentiality rights.

Jazz great sues in apartment fire

Jazz musician Lionel Hampton, who lost a lifetime's worth of possessions in a
New York apartment fire last year, filed a $ 10 million lawsuit against the
importer of the lamp blamed for the blaze. On Jan. 7, 1997, a high-intensity,
high-heat halogen floor lamp tipped over onto his bed, igniting sheets and
blankets, the jazz great said in court papers. Hampton, 89, was in another part
of the 28th-floor Manhattan apartment and wasn't injured, but 27 other people in
the building suffered smoke inhalation. The fire gutted the apartment,
destroying memorabilia Hampton had planned to use in a chain of jazz-themed
restaurants. The restaurant deal had to be canceled because of the fire,
Hampton's lawyer, Jethro Eisenstein, said.

CRIME Return of suspect art blocked by DA

A New York district attorney has blocked the return to Austria of two paintings
suspected of being stolen by the Nazis ---a move some fear could discourage
museums around the world from lending artworks with murky histories. Robert
Morgenthau, the Manhattan district attorney, obtained a grand jury subpoena
Wednesday to bar New York's Museum of Modern Art from sending the paintings home
until the dispute between Vienna's Leopold Museum and two Jewish families is
settled.

Mom gets probation for helping to kill child

A New York mother who admitted holding her 8-year-old daughter down while her
boyfriend suffocated the child was sentenced to five years' probation, with
strict conditions about her custody of children. Denise Solero, who pleaded
guilty to hindering the prosecution and testified against the boyfriend at his
murder trial, was spared a lengthy prison sentence.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: FBI Portland Establishes Public Corruption Hotline

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Public corruption hits at the heart of what a government is supposed to do:
serve its people. When public officials--whether elected, appointed, or under
contract--use their public office for personal gain, they damage the public's
trust in all forms of government.

These crimes are the result of deals sealed with whispered conversations, quick
handshakes, and "under-the-table" money. Because of the secretive nature of
bribes, such crimes are often difficult to detect and even more difficult to
prove without the assistance of concerned citizens. To help identify potential
criminal activity, the FBI has set up a Public Corruption
Hotline--503-460-8585--and an e-mail account--PortlandTips@ic.fbi.gov Whether by
phone or e-mail, tipsters are asked to leave their name, telephone number, and a
brief description of their concerns and observations. Agents will review
voice-mail and e-mail daily, and they will contact individuals for follow-up as
needed.

"There are times when honest citizens stumble across a scheme involving public
officials. We need those citizens to feel that they can--and should--have a
voice in making our government responsive to their concerns and responsible for
holding public officials to the highest standards," said Greg Fowler, special
agent in charge of the FBI in Oregon.

What is Public Corruption?

While the vast majority of public officials remain committed to the communities
they serve, an extremely small minority of individuals use their public
positions for personal or private gain. Public corruption includes bribery,
extortion, embezzlement, racketeering, kickbacks, and money laundering, as well
as wire, mail, bank, and tax fraud. It is a violation of federal law for any
federal or state government official to ask for or receive anything of value for
or because of any official act. Under federal law, the person who offers or pays
a bribe is also guilty.

The FBI, along with our local law enforcement partners, remains dedicated to
ensuring this behavior is fully investigated and, if necessary, prosecuted under
the law. Public corruption remains a top criminal priority for the FBI in
Oregon.

For more information aplease visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 11, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. INVESTIGATION DRAWS ATTENTION TO FEDERAL JUDGE IN MISSISSIPPI

BYLINE: By WILLIAM E. SCHMIDT, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 30, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1344 words


HATTIESBURG, Miss. Aug. 7 - For the past 12 months scores of witnesses have
paraded through the second floor of the United States Courthouse here, where a
special Federal grand jury has been investigating allegations of public
corruption in southern Mississippi.

To date, a prominent Hattiesburg businessman and the former District Attorney of
Forrest County have pleaded guilty to various charges growing out of the grand
jury. Of three other men charged in a related drug case, one pleaded guilty, a
second was convicted and the third is a fugitive.

The grand jury is the latest in a series of Federal investigations into
allegations of official corruption and what some call the excesses of ''good ol'
boy'' politics in Mississippi. Since 1979, Federal prosecutors in Mississippi
have scored more than three dozen convictions in corruption cases specifically
involving a variety of public officials and agencies.

But the grand jury in Hattiesburg has drawn special attention across the state
because the investigation has involved Federal District Judge Walter L. Nixon,
Jr., a member of a prominent political family along the state's Gulf Coast.
Appointed to the Federal bench in 1968 by President Johnson, Judge Nixon, 56
years old, now presides as the chief judge for the district court that covers
the southern half of Mississippi.

Judge Not Accused of Wrongdoing

In two key indictments returned by the grand jury, which was convened at the
request of prosecutors from the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section,
the Washington-based unit assigned to prosecute wrongdoing by public officials,
Judge Nixon's name has figured prominently.

Even so, Judge Nixon has not been indicted, nor has he been accused of any
wrongdoing by the grand jury, which has ranged over matters as diverse as a
failed scheme to smuggle 2,200 pounds of marijuana into Hattiesburg to the sale
of an entire island off the Mississippi coast. Judge Nixon testified before the
grand jury early last summer.

A receptionist in Judge Nixon's office in Biloxi this week referred all
inquiries about the investigation to Walter F. Goodman Jr., a lawyer in Jackson,
who said, ''I am not in a position to discuss Judge Nixon's affairs with you.''

Judge Nixon's name was directly linked to the investigation last summer when the
grand jury indicted Wiley Fairchild, a building contractor in Hattiesburg. The
indictment charged that Mr. Fairchild sought to influence Judge Nixon by giving
him oil and gas leases. After negotiations with prosecutors, Mr. Fairchild, 52,
pleaded guilty to giving an illegal gift to a Federal judge.

In a hearing in the case, Reid H. Weingarten, the Justice Department attorney
handling the case, said Mr. Fairchild's intent was ''to affect in the future
Judge Nixon's official action if his son's case came before him and other
matters.''

'Normal Business Transaction'

Judge Nixon was never involved in any Federal proceedings involving Mr.
Fairchild's son, Drew, who was later charged by this grand jury with conspiracy
to smuggle marijuana. The judge flatly denied any wrongdoing in a public
statement issued last summer, and argued that he had purchased the leases ''as a
normal and straightforward business transaction.'' Later, the Justice Department
issued a public ''announcement'' specifically stating that Judge Nixon was not a
defendant in the Fairchild case, nor was he accused of wrongdoing.

Then, in June, Judge Nixon's name came up in an indictment of Paul H. (Bud)
Holmes, a close friend of Judge Nixon's who, as the District Attorney of Forrest
County from 1980 to 1984, was directly involved in a state narcotics case
against Drew Fairchild.

Among other things, the indictment described a telephone call in late 1982 in
which Federal prosecutors allege that both Judge Nixon and Mr. Holmes sought to
reassure Mr. Fairchild, in the words of the indictment, ''that his son's drug
case would be resolved to Wiley Fairchild's satisfaction.''

In describing the events in a rare public court hearing in June, Mr. Weingarten
said Mr. Fairchild got in touch with Judge Nixon ''because he felt Nixon owed
him a favor.'' As a result, Mr. Weingarten said, Judge Nixon visited Mr.
Fairchild in his office, and then telephoned him later that day from Mr.
Holmes's farm, saying, ''Everything is going to be all right.''

Accused of Lying to Grand Jury

Mr. Weingartern went on to say that the Judge then handed the telephone to Mr.
Holmes, who told Mr. Fairchild: ''When this man asks me to do something, I do
it. I don't ask questions.''

In two other counts of the indictment, Mr. Holmes, whose various activities have
ranged from partial ownership of a Nevada casino to acting as an agent in behalf
of the professional football star Walter Payton, was accused of lying to the
grand jury about allegations of attempts to improperly influence other cases
pending before Judge Nixon.

In one of those, the indictment says, Mr. Holmes lied to the grand jury when he
denied that he told Bill Burgin, a state senator facing a criminal trial before
Judge Nixon, that he could ''fix'' the case ''by giving Judge Nixon gambling
money.''

Both Mr. Holmes and his attorney, James K. Dukes, declined to comment on the
matters this week.

The Holmes indictment was not accompanied by any interpretation by Federal
prosecutors of the activities attributed to Judge Nixon.

Mr. Holmes, who had been charged with four counts of perjury and one of
obstruction of justice, pleaded guilty to a lesser charge, misbehavior in the
presence of the grand jury, as part of a plea bargain agreement in which Federal
prosecutors apparently agreed to drop the five-count felony indictment.

He is scheduled for sentencing next month.

Indictments on Drug Charges

In addition to Mr. Fairchild and Mr. Holmes, the special grand jury indicted
Drew Fairchild and two other men on drug conspiracy charges growing out of the
original incident in August 1980, when narcotics agents seized an airplane
containing 2,200 pounds of marijuana at Hattiesburg airport.

Mr. Fairchild, who pleaded guilty, is currently serving a six-month sentence in
Federal prison.

Since the proceedings within a grand jury are secret, and a Federal judge has
forbidden Federal prosecutors and others from discussing the investigation, the
precise scope of the grand jury investigation is not known.

Of the dozens of witnesses who have been subpoenaed to testify in the grand
jury's ten sessions, most have been parties to these or other Federal court
cases in which Judge Nixon presided.

The grand jury has called witnesses who were involved in a 1981 civil trial in
which the Federal Government sought to condemn a 717-acre barrier island off the
Mississippi coast. In early 1982, Judge Nixon ordered the Government to pay a
Florida developer approximately $9 million in damages plus interest for the
island. The developer had bought the property two years before for $100 in cash
and a $1.7 million note.

Investigating Collapse of Bank

In addition to four prosecutors attached to the investigation in Hattiesburg,
lawyers from the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section have been
involved in recent weeks in at least two other episodes in Mississippi,
including a grand jury investigation into the collapse last year of a major
Mississippi bank.

Mr. Weingarten prosecuted the Government's case against Federal District Judge
Alcee Hastings of Miami, who was the first sitting Federal judge ever to be
criminally indicted. He was acquitted in 1983 of allegations of soliciting a
bribe and obstruction of justice.

James Tucker, the chief of the crminal division under United States Attorney
George Phillips of Jackson, said that since 1979 his office has successfully
prosecuted more than 40 cases against various state, Federal and local officials
in Mississippi on charges ranging from bribery and kickbacks to embezzlement of
public funds. Among them are three state senators, five county supervisors and
the former heads of four state agencies.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Federal District Judge Walter L. Nixon Jr. (Hattiesburg
American)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                               September 2, 2011

Legitimacy crisis haunts SAPS

BYLINE: Glynnis Underhill

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 523 words

DATELINE: Cape Town, South Africa



HIGHLIGHT: One of the biggest challenges facing SAPS is the "widely held
perception" among its own staff and the public that many members and leaders are
corrupt>


One of the biggest challenges facing the South African Police Service is the
"widely held perception" among its own staff and the public that many SAPS
members and leaders are corrupt, according to a new study by the Institute for
Security Studies.

"Protector or predator?" is the title of the study by Gareth Newham, the head of
the crime and justice programme at the ISS, and senior researcher Andrew Faull.

They found that, although the police had come a long way since 1995, the
legitimacy of the SAPS in many communities was still in doubt. There was
evidence that corruption was widespread and systemic, they said.

"This is not to say that â[#x20ac]¦ a majority of police officials engage in
corruption. However, the prevalence of the problem is such that it substantially
hinders the extent to which the SAPS is able to achieve its constitutional
objectives and build public trust," the report said, adding that graft was "an
occupational hazard of policing agencies worldwide".

Police spokesperson Vish Naidoo said that the SAPS was getting on top of
corruption. "We have 1 000 police officers incarcerated for corruption and other
serious crimes like murder and rape. In Gauteng alone we arrested 150 police
officers in a six-month period," said Naidoo.

"None of us wants to be seen or branded as corrupt. We have 200 000 personnel
and only a few are bringing us into disrepute. We want to get rid of the
perception that all officers are corrupt."

The study looked at how police corruption had changed over time in the United
States. The Mollen Commission of Inquiry into corruption in the New York City
police department in 1994 revealed that groups of police officers spent
considerable time planning and aggressively looking for situations that could be
exploited for financial gain. Yet a report of 20 years earlier showed that graft
was pervasive but relatively petty in nature.

In 1999 the Los Angeles police department experienced one of its biggest
corruption scandals when an anti-gang unit was accused of routinely fabricating
evidence, stealing cocaine, intimidating witnesses and planting guns on unarmed
suspects. Up to 4 000 cases were thought to have been tainted by the unit. "
Corruption had become systemic â[#x20ac]¦ because those concerned had agreed to
a code of silence and supervisors had turned a blind eye," the study found.

Newham and Faull recommended that in South Africa police integrity had to "start
from the top".

"All commanders should consistently highlight, and in their behaviour reflect,
the core values of the SAPS, including integrity, respect for the law [and]
service excellence and they must regularly articulate what they expect from
those under their command."

To fight corruption a positive police culture should be promoted that supported
honesty, hard work and dedication to professional values, the writers urged. The
police should also know there were strong systems in place to hold them
accountable if they abused their powers.

The report said that the public should be encouraged to recognise good police
work by sending messages to an address set up to encourage police and mobilise
community support.>

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           January 2, 2013 Wednesday

Matthew Yglesias: When graft got things done

BYLINE: MATTHEW YGLESIAS

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 573 words


It feels like a lifetime ago, but within the past decade one of the main
problems hovering over the U.S. Congress was corruption.

Sometimes it was gross corruption, like when the FBI found almost $100,000 in
bribes stashed in the freezer of then-Rep. William Jefferson, D-La., or the
millions in cash accrued by ex-Rep. Duke Cunningham, R-Calif., as bribes. And
while the conviction of Sen. Ted Stevens, R-Alaska, was ultimately overturned
due to prosecutorial misconduct, the sense that his career was fundamentally
dedicated to pork-barrel politics is hard to escape.

In response to this wave of sleaze, the new Democratic majority elected in 2006
imposed tough new ethics rules. When Republicans retook the House in 2010, they
aimed to symbolize a clean break with Tom DeLay-era practices by adopting a
blanket ban on earmarks. By and large it worked. Nothing's perfect, but today's
Congress is remarkably free of corruption   whether of the formally illegal kind
or just unseemly horse trading.

That is precisely the problem. It turns out that a Congress full of highly
principled men and women, fired-up by genuine idealism about America's future,
is a place where nothing gets done.

That's not to say we should pine for a return to bribery and graft, but watching
the prolonged fiscal cliff deadlock (and other Obama-era legislative battles) it
was hard not to miss a little old-fashioned earmarking and pork.

Consider Speaker John Boehner's embarrassing failure to line up sufficient House
Republican support for his own Plan B legislation on the fiscal cliff. Coalition
fragmentation has always been a problem for American legislative leaders, but
defections normally arise from the center. Legislators holding at-risk seats
sometimes feel they can't do what the leadership wants, and wise leaders don't
expect vulnerable members to vote for everything. But a member whose seat isn't
at risk has traditionally needed to vote with the leadership lest leaders
retaliate by curtailing pet projects. Take away the pet projects, and a vital
tool of legislative discipline goes missing.

Conversely, the ability to dispense a little legislative schwag is a key
presidential weapon for getting things done.

One of the earliest magazine articles of my career was a hit piece on Democratic
Sen. Max Baucus and his unseemly willingness to back key Bush administration
initiatives such as the 2003 Medicare bill.

Flash forward to 2009, and I thought the Obama administration would pull
something similar to get key Republican senators to back his health care
overhaul. Surely the votes of Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine could be
bought for comprehensive coverage for injuries related to lobster fishing, and
the location of some major new facility in Portland or Bangor. It didn't work
out that way. Instead, centrist Democrats who secured sweetheart deals for their
own states found themselves castigated for their "Cornhusker Kickback" and
"Louisiana Purchase."

So you get the Congress we have today: One in which leaders can neither
discipline their rowdy base nor court vulnerable members with blandishments. The
judicious application of lard emerged over the years as a time-honored means of
greasing the wheels of government. As movie-goers everywhere learned this
winter, random patronage jobs played a key role in even something as high-minded
as the passage of the 13th Amendment.

Yglesias is Slate's business and economics correspondent.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            December 3, 2006 Sunday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

CANDIDATE CLAIMS RETALIATION;
SHERIFF'S CHALLENGER'S SUIT IN FEDERAL COURT

BYLINE: BY TROY ANDERSON Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 1348 words


It's a tale that combines corruption and cover-ups reminiscent of the 1973 movie
``Serpico'' with the legal twists of a modern-day ``Law & Order.''

In it, a veteran sheriff's sergeant and two-time sheriff's candidate claims he
and his family have been subject to intimidation, threats and retaliation since
he criticized Sheriff Lee Baca in a bitter 2002 election campaign.

It's not Hollywood drama, but a real-life case playing out in U.S. District
Court in Los Angeles, where a March 6 trial has been set in the suit filed by
Sgt. Pat Gomez, 48, of La Canada Flintridge.

Gomez's suit alleges he was denied promotion to lieutenant after he criticized
Baca for using $2.4 million in public funds to buy an airplane and granting
lucrative consulting contracts to retiring department executives.

Like Serpico?

The sergeant's attorney, Joe Freeman of Burbank, says Gomez's constitutional
right to free speech has been violated. He compares the situation to that of
Frank Serpico, a New York City detective who was subjected to threats and an
attempt on his life after he exposed corruption in the police department.

``Sgt. Gomez said there was corruption of a different form -- feathering one's
nest with luxury items such as a very expensive airplane and an inability or
unwillingness to deliver adequate mental-health care to the mentally ill in the
jail system who live in appalling conditions,'' Freeman said.

``I think it takes a certain amount of courage on the part of any individual in
today's bureaucratic environment to say that the boss is wrong.''

But not everyone sees it that way.

While Baca declined to comment, sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore called the
lawsuit frivolous.

``We look forward to telling the entire story. Once the entire story is told in
the proper venue, it will be obvious as to the truth,'' Whitmore said.

May test ruling

Ultimately, the case is expected to test a U.S. Supreme Court ruling issued
earlier this year which said public employees can be disciplined for internal
statements made to supervisors in which they expose corruption.

That case involved Los Angeles County prosecutor Richard Ceballos, who claims he
was retaliated against after he told his supervisors about police officer
misconduct.

But Freeman said the ruling also found that public employees like Gomez continue
to have a First Amendment right to publicly criticize the government, especially
during an election campaign.

Bob Stern, president of the Center for Governmental Studies, said a similar
situation occurred recently in Orange County, where a lieutenant who challenged
Sheriff Mike Carona in the June election was subsequently disciplined.

``It is a trend that sheriffs are coming down hard on subordinates who run
against or campaign against them,'' Stern said. ``The question, of course, is
whether this is appropriate.

``Obviously, most people would say you should be allowed to criticize a
government agency -- up to a point. You obviously shouldn't divulge confidential
information. But we do believe in free speech in this country.''

Gomez says the saga began before the 2002 election when Undersheriff Larry
Waldie ordered Gomez's captain to investigate statements Gomez made during an
off-duty news conference about perceived deficiencies in inmate care.

In a deposition, retired sheriff's Capt. Rufus Tamayo testified that Waldie
ordered the inquiry because Gomez ``embarrassed the boss.''

In a separate deposition, Waldie denied making the request or comment. He
declined to comment for this story.

Gomez cleared

The investigation ultimately found Gomez had done nothing wrong, Freeman said.

On June 6, 2006 -- the day Baca was elected to a third term -- the sheriff
instituted a policy that holds employees accountable for saying or doing
anything that damages the reputation, erodes the public's confidence in or
causes the department ``undue embarrassment.''

Office of Independent Review Chief Attorney Michael Gennaco, who is
investigating some of Gomez's allegations, confirmed the policy is in effect.

On July 9, Gomez -- who ran for sheriff in 1998 and 2002 -- was involuntarily
transferred from his job downtown training jail deputies to a facility in
Whittier, Freeman said.

Gomez now oversees a program to educate children about the dangers of drugs,
forcing the 26-year sheriff's veteran to commute an extra 50-60 miles to work
and spend less time with his family, Freeman said.

``It's pretty sad that they have to stoop to such levels to not only come after
me, but my family and my children,'' Gomez said in an interview.

Last month, Gomez sent letters to Baca and the U.S. Attorney's Office, seeking
investigations into what he said have been threats against his family.

The letter said Gomez's family had been threatened Oct. 5 by a caller who said
he was a Los Angeles police officer, that he knew details about Gomez's family
and that there were ``consequences'' for his actions.

At Baca's request, Gennaco said he is investigating the allegations in Gomez's
letter.

Gennaco said he also plans to take a ``fresh look'' at a complaint Gomez filed
in 2004, saying his wife had been threatened.

In that incident, Ana Gomez alleged she was approached by a custody assistant --
a director at the Professional Police Officers Association -- who told her:
``The department and PPOA are working together, and they are going to destroy
Pat. They are going to see to it he loses his job. They are also going to come
after you and your job. Your children are in danger, too.''

Ana Gomez said the custody assistant also suggested she rent the movie
``Serpico.''

In a March 2005 letter, Capt. Karyn Mannis wrote that the sheriff's Internal
Affairs Bureau was ``unable to substantiate that (the custody assistant)
violated any of our department's policies and procedures.''

On another occasion, an unidentified individual called Gomez's home and told his
wife, ``Listen to your heart beat for the last time,'' Gomez said.

Gomez's wife has been on stress-related leave from her job as a custody records
clerk since 2005, according to documents.

Sheriff's Sgt. John Stites, president of the 7,500-member PPOA, confirmed the
custody assistant is a director at the association but said she did not threaten
Gomez's wife.

Stites said the altercation between the women came as Pat Gomez was being
removed as president of the PPOA for refusing to provide information on his
spending account and trying to oust the union's executive director.

For his part, Gomez said he submitted all his financial reports and attempted to
replace the executive director because he ``wasn't doing his job.''

In October 2004, two months after he was voted out, Gomez filed suit against
PPOA, claiming he was improperly terminated because he questioned possible
financial improprieties.

In his federal suit, Gomez also alleges that despite previous outstanding
performance evaluations he was denied a promotion to lieutenant in 2000 after
criticizing Baca during the election campaign.

`Not in my lifetime'

After the election, sheriff's Chief Michael Arranda recommended Gomez be
promoted to lieutenant, but Waldie told him, ``Not in my lifetime,'' according
to the lawsuit.

Waldie testified no one at the executive meeting seconded the recommendation to
promote Gomez.

How the case eventually is resolved in court could have ramifications for a
broad range of public employees and reframe issues of free speech.

``It's pretty clear that (Gomez) does have protections for speech made in the
course of a campaign, and that it's a matter of public interest,'' Freeman said.
``By happenstance, the (law firm) defending the Sheriff's Department in the
Gomez case -- Franscell, Strickland, Roberts & Lawrence -- are the ones who got
the U.S. Supreme Court decision last summer.

``The ruling protects public criticism of the government, but not internal
criticism, which seems strange because you would think at first blush that
before dirty laundry is washed in public that it would be nice to try to resolve
issues within the department itself so they don't become matters of public
concern.''

troy.anderson@dailynews.com

(213) 974-8985

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo
Photo: L.A. County sheriff's Sgt. Patrick Gomez claims he has been the target of
death threats and intimidation ever since he criticized Sheriff Lee Baca during
the 2002 sheriff's race. Hans Gutknecht/Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 23, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Birmingham divided over mayor's fate

BYLINE: Mark Mayfield

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 685 words


Richard Arrington, the soft-spoken mayor of Birmingham, Ala., has played a key
role in moving his city light-years beyond its racist past.

Since his 1979 election as the city's first black mayor, he has helped replace
the infamous image of police dogs attacking civil rights marchers with new
images: a diversified economy with more white-collar jobs; neighborhoods
invigorated with new construction.

But now another image - Arrington entering a federal prison - is dividing
Birmingham again.

He surrenders to federal marshals today under a contempt sentence for refusing
to turn over records in a City Hall corruption probe. Unless he gives in, he'll
spend weekends in the Talladega prison - 5 p.m. Thursdays to 8 a.m. Mondays -
for 18 months.

Arrington says he knew nothing about kickbacks on a civil rights museum project,
but he's withholding records he says would exonerate him.

''The black community is behind him, while most of the whites view him as
corrupt, which we just don't believe,'' says the Rev. Abraham Woods, a black
civil rights leader. ''This thing has really polarized the community.''

''I really can't believe he's done anything dishonest,'' says former mayor David
Vann, defeated in the 1979 election that put Arrington in office.  ''I doubt
very many cities have made the progress that Birmingham has made.''

Woods will lead a protest march today from the 16th Street Baptist Church, site
of a 1963 racial bombing that killed four black girls, to the federal
courthouse, escorting Arrington when he surrenders.

Next month, Arrington plans a hearing on government harassment of black leaders.

Arrington, 57, a sharecropper's son who holds a doctorate in zoology, is in his
fourth consecutive term, governing in a subdued style that may have cost him
national recognition.

Says Jimmie Franklin, a Vanderbilt University history professor who wrote Back
to Birmingham, an Arrington biography: ''Dick Arrington is not flamboyant. He
doesn't possess the kind of charisma that some national politicians have. But
few politicians in this country have such a tightly woven coalition. He has been
extremely effective.''

His popularity was evident last fall, when he was re-elected with 63% of the
vote, despite reports that labeled him an unindicted co-conspirator in the City
Hall scandal.

Arrington has long complained that U.S. Attorney Frank Donaldson singled him out
- part of the federal government's selective prosecution of black officials, he
says.

''I have been under investigation by this U.S. attorney's office for eight years
and they have found no wrongdoing,'' says Arrington. ''There have been numerous
entrapments orchestrated against me by the federal prosecutor. There have been
bribery attempts, everything. Racism is a part of this, and politics.''

Donaldson called Arrington's charges ''false statements uttered repeatedly.''

Arrington notes that while the city has issued millions of dollars in contracts
to 26,000 vendors since 1985, prosecutors ''have subpoenaed only black firms
that we've done business with. Black firms make up only 15% of the city's
business, but have been targeted 100% by this investigation.''

The grand jury subpoenaed his personal appointment records to check them against
claims that he took $ 5,000 in kickbacks from Tarlee Brown, an architect and
former Arrington business partner.

Brown pleaded guilty in September to conspiring with former city consultant
Marjorie Peters to defraud the city of $ 220,000 in forged invoices. Peters was
convicted in October.

Arrington says his appointment logs, in the hand of an independent prosecutor,
would vindicate him, but he believes Donaldson would use them to fabricate a
case.

''I have no choice but to go to jail in protest,'' said Arrington. ''I will
eventually have to turn over the records. I have to make a point.''

He says he may release the records after Donaldson retires, possibly in March.

''So many people have worked to change the image of this city,'' says Arrington.
''There have been tremendous changes here. This taints it some, but we'll get
over it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Andy Hails, Advertiser via AP

CUTLINE: REFUSES TO YIELD: Birmingham Mayor Richard Arrington will go to jail
rather than turn over records in a corruption probe.

TYPE: Newsmakers

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            December 21, 2007 Friday

Two more plead guilty in public corruption case

BYLINE: By Tammy Fonce-Olivas / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 764 words


Two investment bankers tied to more than a billion dollars of El Paso taxing
entity bonds pleaded guilty today to federal charges in connection with a
wide-ranging public corruption investigation by the FBI.

Roberto "Bobby" Ruiz, former managing director of the Dallas office of Bear
Stearns & Co., pleaded guilty to four counts of conspiracy to commit mail and
wire fraud and a scheme to defraud the citizens of their right to the honest
services of elected officials of the El Paso Independent School District, the El
Paso Community College District, the city of El Paso, and the members of the El
Paso County Commissioners Court by seeking "to bribe elected members of those
respective boards and councils to secure their votes for certain vendors seeking
to do business with the various public entities."

Chris Pak, former vice present of Bear Stearns Dallas office, pleaded guilty to
engaging in a scheme to bribe an elected El Paso County commissioner in an
effort to secure his vote for a specific vendor seeking to do business with the
county of El Paso.

Ruiz was the main El Paso representative for Bear Stearns, a worldwide financial
company that has underwritten bonds for the city, the El Paso Community College,
the El Paso County Hospital District and the El Paso, Socorro, Ysleta, Canutillo
and Clint school districts.

Ruiz was also one of 22 people and businesses named in an FBI search warrant
used in May to raid county offices.

That raid was later found to be part of a wide-ranging federal investgation into
public corruption that has embroiled local elected officials and business
leaders.

Records from the Texas Bond Review Board dating back to September 1999 show that
Bear Stearns has been the primary underwriter of dozens of local bond issues
totaling more than $1.8 billion.

Russell Sherman, Bear Stearns spokesman in New York, said in June, "Bear Stearns
is a leader in the public finance industry. We hold our company, and our
employees, to the highest business and ethical standards. The first time we
learned about this investigation was through the press reports. We, of course,
will cooperate fully with any investigation."

Bill Studer, El Paso's deputy city manager, said in June that the city has
worked with the company for several years and continues doing business with it
because "they are one of the major, best-quality (bond) underwriting firms in
the country."

Studer said Ruiz is the city's contact at Bear Stearns.

"He was the lead underwriter for us," Studer said.

Earlier this year, the city after a request for proposals selected Bear Stearns
among the top three of 10 bond underwriting firms it plans to do business with
over the next five years.

"They've done a lot of work in El Paso because they've been out there pursuing
the work," Studer said.

Studer said in June that though the city was content with the services provided
by the company, city officials were troubled by its being included in an FBI
investigation.

"It clearly is a concern when things like this happen ... we will be watching it
over the next months and years to see what comes out of it," Studer said.

Ken Parker, El Paso Independent School District chief business officer, said in
June that he too was interested in learning more about the extent of the
company's involvement in the FBI investigation.

"It's a concern. We'd much rather they not be on that list," Parker said.

Parker said the district's contacts at Bear Stearns were Ruiz and Pak, another
of the company's employees in Dallas. As a bond underwriting company, the
company has "always done a good job," Parker said.

FBI officials have said investigation stemmed from agents investigating a former
employee of El Paso's National Center for Employment of the Disabled, or NCED,
which is now ReadyOne Industries. The nonprofit allegedly violated federal labor
requirements.

Four others have pleaded guilty so far in the FBI's investigation. They are:--
Former County Chief of Staff John Travis Ketner pleaded guilty to bribery and
conspiracy charges shortly after the FBI raid at county offices in May. The
charges were related to business conducted by County Commissioners Court.--
Former County Commissioner Betti Flores pleaded guilty to mail fraud charges in
June.-- Local architect Bernardo Lucero pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges
related to work being done for the El Paso Independent School District.-- In
November, former EPISD Trustee Carlos "Coach" Cordova pleaded guilty to
exchanging votes for money while he was on the school board.Tammy Fonce-Olivas
may be reached at tfonce@elpasotimes.com; 546-6362.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ruiz

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday

Gov dodges bullet in Preet's probe

BYLINE: Kirstan Conley , Carl Campanile and Bruce Golding

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 644 words


Gov. Cuomo is off the hook for his controversial decision to quash the
blue-ribbon panel he appointed to investigate political corruption across New
York state, Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara announced Monday.

In a surprise statement, Bharara said the feds were unable to build a criminal
case over Cuomo's disbanding of the Moreland Commission on Public Corruption.

"After a thorough investigation of interference with the operation of the
Moreland Commission and its premature closing, this office has concluded that,
absent any additional proof that may develop, there is insufficient evidence to
prove a federal crime," Bharara said.

It subsequently came to light that the panel had turned up evidence of
corruption against both former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and ex-state
Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos, which Bharara used to gain convictions
against the two leaders of the state Legislature.

And Bharara said Monday that his office was still pursuing further corruption
cases that the commission uncovered before Cuomo abruptly shut it down.

"We continue to have active investigations related to substantive inquiries that
were being conducted by the Moreland Commission at the time of its closure," he
said.

Bharara's statement notably didn't mention his investigation of Cuomo in regards
to the state's "Buffalo Billion" revitalization plan, which has doled out
multimillion-dollar contracts to spur development of high-tech, clean-energy and
drug-development businesses.

The Post exclusively revealed in September that Bharara was probing possible
collusion between state officials and contractors who won lucrative bids as part
of the governor's pet project in western New York.

Cuomo created the Moreland Commission panel in 2013 following a rash of public
corruption cases, and he came under harsh criticism for agreeing to close it in
March 2014 as part of a deal to pass a package of tepid ethics reforms.

The governor - who was never formally identified as a target of the Moreland
Commission investigation - didn't respond personally to Bharara's blockbuster
announcement, with a spokesman saying only, "The US attorney's statement speaks
for itself."

But Cuomo's lawyer, Elkan Ambramowitz, said in a statement: "We were always
confident there was no illegality here, and we appreciate the US attorney
clarifying this for the public record."

Bharara's unexpected move came two days before Cuomo's scheduled State of the
State speech on Wednesday.

"I respect the decision of the US attorney and I guess we can now start focusing
on the business of the people," said Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie (D-Bronx).

Senate Deputy Majority Leader John DeFrancisco (R-Syracuse) called Bharara's
action "a good sign" that he hoped would clear the air "so we can start
legislating in the right way."

"The more clouds that are eliminated and investigations are complete without
wrongdoing, the better it is for the atmosphere of the state Legislature,"
DeFrancisco said.

But Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino, who was Cuomo's Republican
challenger in 2014, noted that Bharara's announcement was "not the same as
finding [Cuomo] innocent."

"The likelihood that state laws were broken was always the greater possibility,"
said Astorino, who has called for an appointment of a special state prosecutor
to investigate the shuttering of the Moreland Commission panel.

Assemblyman Steve McLaughlin (R-Troy) also said he was "disappointed" because
the Cuomo administration's alleged interference with the Moreland panel "smacks
of obstruction of justice."

McLaughlin suggested President Obama had a hand in Bharara's decision, saying
that "something of this magnitude goes all the way to the White House."

Neither Bharara's office nor the White House responded to requests for comment.

kconley@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "Absent any additional proof that may develop, there is insufficient
evidence to prove a federal crime." - US Attorney Preet Bharara (right), on Gov.
Cuomo's shutting of the Moreland Commission. [Natan Dvir; Angel Chevrestt]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

Supreme Court Appoints Assistant u.s. Attorney and Longtime Chicago Lawyer as
Cook County Judges

LENGTH: 754  words


Justice Charles E. Freeman and the Illinois Supreme Court announced Tuesday the
appointments of an assistant U.S. Attorney and a longtime Chicago lawyer as Cook
County circuit judges. Assistant U.S. Attorney Carrie E. Hamilton was appointed
as Circuit Judge in the 12th Subcircuit and Chicago lawyer John Fitzgerald Lyke
Jr. was appointed as At-Large Circuit Judge in Cook County. Ms. Hamilton will
fill the vacancy created by the June 15, 2015 retirement of Circuit Judge Sandra
Tristano and Mr. Lyke will fill the vacancy left by the July 6, 2015 retirement
of Circuit Judge Paul P. Biebel Jr. Ms. Hamilton's appointment takes effect July
17, 2015 and Mr. Lyke's appointment takes effect July 16, 2015. Both will
terminate December 5, 2016, when the positions will be filled by the 2016
General Election.


Both Ms. Hamilton and Mr. Lyke received qualified or recommended ratings from
the Alliance of Bar Associations for Judicial Screenings, which is comprised of
11 bar groups that work together to screen judicial candidates in Cook County,
and the Chicago Bar Association. Ms. Hamilton, 44, began her career at the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Chicago in April 2001 and has been the Deputy Chief of the
office's Public Corruption & Organized Crime Section since July 2012. "I am
extremely grateful to Justice Freeman and the Illinois Supreme Court for this
appointment," Ms. Hamilton said. "I am honored to serve the citizens of Cook
County and the 12th Judicial Subcircuit. I look forward to continuing my
commitment to public service with the hard work, integrity and fairness that
this position demands."
During her 14 years as an assistant U.S. Attorney, Ms. Hamilton has served on
the prosecution teams in several high-profile public corruption cases, including
those resulting in the convictions of former Illinois Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich,
political fundraiser Antoin "Tony" Rezko and members of the terrorist
organization Hamas.
As Deputy Chief of the Public Corruption & Organized Crime Section, Ms. Hamilton
oversees all of the office's public corruption cases and supervises numerous
prosecutors assigned to federal grand jury investigations and trials involving
corruption, organized crime, complex financial fraud, money laundering, tax,
health care crimes, narcotics, firearms violations, violent gang activity, child
exploitation and prostitution. Ms. Hamilton received Bachelor of Arts degrees in
English and Political Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana
Champaign in 1993. She earned her Juris Doctor degree in 1996 from Northwestern
University School of Law.  After law school, Ms. Hamilton worked as a litigation
associate concentrating in complex commercial litigation at the Chicago law
firms of Katten, Muchin & Zavis (1996-1998) and Grippo & Elden (1999- 2001).
Ms. Hamilton is a member of the American Bar Association, the Chicago Bar
Association and the Women's Bar Association of Illinois. She lives in the 12th
Subcircuit, which includes parts of Maine, Wheeling, Elk Grove, New Trier and
Northfield townships.
Mr. Lyke, 50, began his legal career in November 1994 as an assistant Cook
County State's Attorney. He worked in the office's community prosecution, felony
trial, felony review, grand jury, homicide and sex, juvenile and traffic
divisions until June 2000, when he left to open up his own practice. "I am very
thankful for Justice Charles Freeman and the other justices for their faith and
trust in my ability to do the job of judge," Mr. Lyke said. In his private
practice, Mr. Lyke handles criminal defense and personal injury matters. He also
served as an Administrative Law Judge for the City of Chicago's Department of
Business Affairs & Consumer Protection from November 2006 to December 2011.
Mr. Lyke received a Bachelor of Science degree in marketing from Chicago State
University in 1990. He earned his Juris Doctor degree in 1994 from Chicago-Kent
College of Law. Before attending college, Mr. Lyke served as a Communications
Specialist in the United States Army from September 1982 to September 1984 and
served as a Communications Sergeant in the Illinois National Guard during
college from October 1984 to October 1988. Mr. Lyke has also worked as a
part-time professor in the Criminal Justice Department at Harold Washington
College and is member of several bar associations, including the Chicago Bar
Association, Illinois State Bar Association, Cook County Bar Association and
National Association of Criminal Defense Attorneys. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                              July 6, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Robert Taylor, Evening Bulletin publisher

BYLINE: By JOHN F. MORRISON; morrisj@phillynews.com 215-854-5573

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Obituaries; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 768 words


Robert E. Lee Taylor Jr. was not your typical jail bird.

It was 1963 when the iron doors slammed on Taylor, then president of the
Philadelphia Bulletin, and his city editor, Earl Selby, because they refused to
testify or let their reporters testify before a grand jury about the paper's
sources for stories on corruption in Philadelphia city government.

Selby was a tough, hard-charging city editor who broke a number of stories about
corruption in high places, and Taylor supported him.

Needless to say, neither man spent much time behind bars on contempt charges.
They were quickly sprung by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, which ruled that the
state's "shield" law authorized them to withhold the identify of their sources.

It was an early test of what would be numerous cases through the years involving
reporters and their sources.

Robert Taylor, who earned a reputation as a champion of a free press not only at
the Bulletin but through various publishers' organizations and news outlets, and
who was also a civic leader and Navy veteran of World War II, died Thursday. He
was 96 and lived in Bryn Mawr.

"Bobby" Taylor went to work for the Bulletin, at one time the largest evening
newspaper in the country, during the Depression. It was owned by his uncle, the
legendary Robert L. McLean.

He started out in circulation, supervising newspaper delivery. World War II
interrupted his career, and he served throughout the war as the captain of a
submarine chaser.

In 1941, he married Leonore McAlpin Shiland, of New York City.

Returning to the Bulletin, Taylor joined the business department. He became
business manager in 1955 and general manager a year later. He became president
in 1959 and publisher in 1964.

Those were halycon years for the newspaper. Daily circulation stood at 750,000
and nearly a million on Sunday. It won Pulitzer Prizes in 1964 and 1965.

Under Taylor the Bulletin was a pioneer of "zoned" editions, with separate
sections devoted to city and suburban news. It was an effort to chase after
readers who had left the city for the peace and greenery of the suburbs.

Taylor also saw to it that the company diversified, buying into suburban weekly
newspapers, cable televison systems and dailies in Nashua, N.H., and Santa
Barbara, Calif.

But the paper was doomed by falling advertising and circulation, and increased
competiton from the Inquirer, which had been sold by Walter Annenberg to Knight
Newspapers.

Earl Selby was fired by managing editor William B. Dickinson because he felt
that Selby's "crusades" were contrary to the Bulletin's understated philosophy.

The paper was sold by the McLean family in 1981 to the Charter Co. But it went
out of business in 1982, after 135 years.

Taylor had given up his publisher's title in 1975, but stayed on as chairman.

As a civic leader, Taylor was an active supporter of the United Way and won its
"Citizen Volunteer of the Year" award in 1978. He was president of the Gulph
Mills Golf Club and a member of the Merion Cricket Club.

He served as director of the Associated Press from 1972 to 1981. He was a
director of the Newspaper Advertising Bureau and the American Newspaper
Publishers Association, and was president of ANPA's foundation from 1970 to
1971.

"He loved a party and hosted his share, often writing poems or songs for special
occasions," said his son, Robert E. Taylor.

In retirement, Taylor wrote and self-published two books. "Travels With Lee
Taylor" was an account of trips to various foreign countries, both professional
and personal.

He and his wife were part of an Associated Press tour of China that was among
the first from the West after President Richard M. Nixon opened relations with
China in 1972.

They also traveled to India with newspaper friends and interviewed Prime
Minister Indira Gandhi. With four other couples, they made forays to Africa,
Australia, New Zealand and other exotic destinations.

He also was the author of "Robert McLean's Bulletin - and a look at our free
press in 1987." It concerned his and the Bulletin's struggles to resist the
demise of evening newspapers.

Despite failing eyesight, Taylor skiied into his 80s, and hosted family
gatherings in Charleston's Yeaman's Hall Golf Club into his 90s.

His first wife, Leonore, died in 1986. Several years later, he married the
former Jane Matthews Jackson, who died a few years after the marriage.

His twin brother, Stuart S. Taylor, former president and publisher of the Santa
Barbara News-Press, died in 2004.

Besides his son, he is survived by two daughters, Wendy Foulke and Leelee Stege;
six grandchildren; and one great-grandchild.

Services: Were being arranged. *


LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             July 3, 1971, Saturday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 7

LENGTH: 134 words

NYC Mayor Lindsay, replying to Wm Kaapp who heads comm investigating police
corruption, agrees Mayor has ultimate responsibility, strongly defends his
'vigorous and firm action' in fight against corruption in 5 1/2 yrs as Mayor;
cites his own establishment of comm and fight to extend its life and funds,
statement phoned from Bahamas to Deputy Mayor Aurelio; Aurelio avoids reply to
query on Lindsay and J Kriegel; Knapp acknowledges Lindsay reply; again silent
on Kriegel and Fraiman; Police Comr Murphy, commenting on criticism of former
comr Leary, notes failure in past to implement adm changes to strengthen dept's
integrity; denies he follows 'rotten apple' policy; sees 'even 1 corrupt
policeman' as too many; Leary unavailable for comment; police promotion
ceremony; Comr Murphy participates

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     SEPTEMBER 5, 1996 Thursday SF EDITION

MEASURES GET MIXED REVIEWS < COUNCILMAN NUTTER PRAISED THE PLAN.< A LAWYER SAYS
PUBLIC ATTITUDES MUST CHANGE.

BYLINE: Michael Matza and Mark Fazlollah, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 771 words


Even as one of the Police Department's loudest critics praised a package of
anti-corruption measures announced yesterday by Mayor Rendell, some criminal
justice experts said that another blue-ribbon panel wouldn't have much effect -
unless public attitudes toward crooked police change, too.

"This is an endemic problem in Philadelphia and this effort has all the demeanor
of failed efforts in the past," said Gerald M. Caplan, a lawyer who headed a
task force created after a city police scandal in the 1980s.

"If you take a look at these commissions around the country, you will find none
of them has a great track record over time," said Caplan, now dean of the
McGeorge School of Law in Sacramento, Calif.

A main reason police corruption has persisted in Philadelphia, Caplan said, is
that the public tolerates it.

A poll taken as part of Caplan's 1986-87 study found that while most city
residents said they thought police did a good job, 65 percent said they believed
officers used unnecessary force. More than half said they believed police
occasionally took bribes.

"Philadelphia likes its police and has a high tolerance for police misconduct.
Until strong, stable constituencies for reform emerge, the prospect for
increased efficiency and decreased corruption are remote," Caplan said.

That's not how it looked to City Councilman Michael Nutter, who has frequently
criticized the mayor for not responding aggressively enough to corruption on the
police force.

In fact, Nutter saw a potential turning point yesterday as Rendell, flanked by
Police Commissioner Richard Neal and lawyers for the ACLU, the NAACP and the
Police-Barrio Relations Project, a Kensington civic group, presented the
highlights of a legal settlement.

The reforms include a 15-member task force to study ways of fighting police
misconduct.

"The mayor and the police commissioner are to be commended for trying to unite
the city on one of its most critical issues," said Nutter, praising the
agreement as "an opportunity for Ed Rendell to loudly proclaim not only that he
is against corruption, but also is prepared to implement the changes that need
to be made to close the book on an old mindset.

"Commissions and task forces and those kinds of entities are great for outside
views and opinions," Nutter said. "But ultimately it's policymakers who have the
responsibility for implementation. . . . The federal court ends up as the
referee. But it's the people on the field who play the game and make things
work.

"There's no magic in commissions. If you're looking for magic, go to the
Spectrum. But it is possible to drive corruption down significantly," said
Nutter.

He said the reform package was the first indication he had seen, in his nearly
five years on Council, that city officials recognized police corruption as a
problem and were committed to rooting it out.

Former New York City Police Commissioner Patrick Murphy, now a consultant to the
U.S. Conference of Mayors, said any effort at reform could be held hostage to
union rules and civil-service regulations.

"The civil-service issue is essential. In New York, the commissioner can appoint
the top 150 people. In Philadelphia, he can appoint only three" deputy police
commissioners, he said. The rest of the department's brass and rank and file are
hired through competitive testing.

"Your commissioner is at a disadvantage. . . . That's a critical factor," Murphy
said.

Although Will Gonzalez of the Police-Barrio Relations Project signed the
agreement and gave it his blessing, he expressed concern that the task force, to
be drawn from people with criminal-justice experience and appointed by the mayor
and City Council President John Street, would be a paper tiger because it will
lack subpoena power.

Rendell responded that the panel will monitor the system, not individual cases.
If a serious problem is unearthed, he said, it can be referred to the existing
Police Advisory Commission, a citizens review panel that does have subpoena
power.

At a news conference moments after Rendell's announcement, Richard Costello,
president of the Fraternal Order of Police, the union that represents the city's
6,000 active police officers, blasted the agreement as part of "the ACLU's
efforts to keep their boot on the throat of the police."

He poked fun at a proposal to use computerized records of citizen complaints to
identify officers "at risk" of going bad.

"The only officer at risk in Philadelphia is one who steps out of his squad
car," said Costello. "We've got enough task forces to create a traffic jam on
Broad Street."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: REFORMING THE POLICE

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                               May 1, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

N.Y. pension investigation spreads to other states;
Dallas investment adviser hit with criminal complaint

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 621 words


A sweeping corruption investigation of public pension systems in New York
expanded nationwide Thursday with the arrest of a Dallas investment adviser
whose firm has worked for similar retirement plans in five other states.

Saul Meyer, co-founder of Aldus Equity Partners, was hit with corruption charges
by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo for allegedly paying $300,000 in
kickbacks to former New York State comptroller Alan Hevesi's top political aide
in exchange for landing a retirement fund investment deal worth $175 million.

The criminal complaint also charged that Meyer, 38, tried to get additional
business with the pension fund and gain Hevesi's favor by helping one of the
comptroller's sons land a $250,000 fee in an unrelated investment deal with the
New Mexico State Investment Council.

The Securities and Exchange Commission sought federal court approval to file
civil fraud charges against Meyer and his firm, which has reaped millions of
dollars through investment relationships with public pension systems in New
York, New Mexico, California, Texas, Oklahoma and Louisiana.

Cuomo said he's coordinating the 2-year-old investigation with law enforcement
authorities in other states based on signs of similar corruption involving other
public employee pension fund officials and the private firms that vie for
lucrative contracts advising them on billions of dollars in  investments.  "I
believe we are disclosing a national network of actors who often acted in
concert and did this all across the country," Cuomo said.

Meyer surrendered Thursday in New York and was released on $200,000 bail. His
attorney, Paul Shechtman,  said "time and the evidence will show that Saul Meyer
did nothing wrong."

Matthew Orwig, the attorney for Aldus, argued that the SEC's proposed charges
are "appalling and careless" because its investigation is incomplete. "Maybe
they want a trial by news release, but that's not the way the judicial system
works," he said.

The charges represent the  expansion of an investigation that has focused on
major players in both New York and national political and business circles,
including private-equity giant Carlyle Group and Quadrangle Fund, the
private-equity firm founded by Steven Rattner, the Obama administration's point
man for the auto industry rescue.

At the center of the case is Hank Morris, a campaign strategist who was the  top
political adviser for Hevesi, a Democrat, and worked on other campaigns.
Morris, who has pleaded not guilty, is accused of demanding and collecting
millions of dollars from investment firms in exchange for getting them New York
pension fund investment deals.

Hevesi and his son, Daniel, have not been charged and have said they did nothing
wrong. Defense attorney Laura Brevetti said the younger Hevesi "categorically
denies any knowledge of a so-called quid pro quo arrangement for his benefit."

While not commenting on potential probe targets, Cuomo, also a Democrat, said
"stay tuned" for more charges.

However, the investigation is already undermining Aldus' business. Deutsche Bank
said Thursday it was terminating its minority stake in the Texas firm.

New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli, Hevesi's successor, said the state
pension system was terminating its ties with Aldus. New York City Comptroller
William Thompson said he's urged the city's pension funds to take similar
action.

Robyn Ekings, a spokeswoman for the Louisiana State Employees Retirement System,
said the pension fund is "analyzing all available options" regarding its
relationship with Aldus.

The New Mexico State Investment Council terminated Aldus on Wednesday. The
state's education pension system, which earlier suspended Aldus, now expects to
cut ties with the firm.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 2, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SHAKING SCANDALS FROM CITY AGENCIES

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section 4; Page 6, Column 3; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 951 words


THE hard part about prosecuting government corruption is that with few
exceptions, somebody involved in the crime has to squeal. The smoking gun is a
metaphor from murder cases, not white-collar crime.

That is the reality prosecutors are facing as they try to piece together actual
cases from the tumult of rumor and accusation that has come to be known as the
biggest municipal corruption scandal in New York in at least 15 years.

To try to drum up witnesses, the prosecutors are unleashing all their weapons to
cajole, encourage, persuade or just plain terrify people into coming forward
with information. This process has helped produce many of the roaring headlines
that have propelled municipal corruption to the center of New York's political
stage.

Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, says there are two
ways to investigate: secretly and publicly. The secret option, undercover work
and the like, was ruled out at the beginning of the year. That was when
newspapers learned that the Federal Bureau of Investigation had an informant who
knew about the bribing of public officials in Chicago and at New York City's
Parking Violations Bureau, where - according to an indictment filed Monday -
kickbacks were required of contractors who wanted the job of collecting overdue
fines.

With any chance of secrecy gone, the prosecutors shifted to what might be called
the ''rattling the cage'' school of investigation.

''Let's say you have an agency with eight contractors,'' said John S. Martin
Jr., a former United States Attorney whom Mayor Koch appointed to look into
corruption in city contracting. Investigators swoop in with subpoenas to
question all eight at the same time, Mr. Martin said, in an example that
remarkably resembles the parking bureau, and that ''stirs things up.
Particularly in the environment we're in today. They may think you are further
along than you are. You create an atmosphere where everybody becomes very
cautious, and people who have been paying bribes don't know whom to trust.''

That is the environment in which executives of three collection agencies that
worked for the bureau decided to talk to Federal agents about payoffs they said
they had made.

The desire to shake loose witnesses explains some of the otherwise
hard-to-understand statements being made by prosecutors. For example, Mr.
Giuliani's office said Thursday that ''the United States Attorney and the F.B.I.
are investigating allegations concerning the Board of Education,'' then refused
to say anything more. Mr. Giuliani's message: If you know anything about the
school system, come in now.

School officials said the inquiry involved reports of corruption in the division
that builds and repairs school buildings. District Attorney Elizabeth Holtzman
of Brooklyn also is interested in this area, just one of several where
investigations overlap.

Federal prosecutors have repeatedly expressed concern that witnesses may
perceive danger in the competition between prosecutors. They say potential
witnesses may fear that even if they reach a deal for leniency with, say, Mr.
Giuliani, some district attorney with stronger ties to the local political
establishment will prosecute them anyway. It was such witnesses that Mr.
Giuliani had in mind when, during a jurisdictional feud with Robert M.
Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney, a few days ago, Mr. Giuliani
declared: ''I work for the President of the United States.''

On Friday it became known that Mr. Morgenthau had subpoenaed a potential witness
just as Mr. Giuliani was trying to pressure that same witness into cooperating
with the Federal Government, another illustration of the overlap.

The potential witness is Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, former deputy director of the
parking bureau, who pleaded innocent last week after he was indicted by a
Federal grand jury on 39 counts of extortion, racketeering, conspiracy and mail
fraud. The indictment was only the latest step in a series of actions designed
to pressure Mr. Lindenauer into cooperating.

''What the prosecutor's psychology here is, is to isolate the guy,'' said
Richard Emery of the New York Civil Liberties Union. ''Make him feel like nobody
is going to back him, that everywhere he goes people are going to spit on him
and spurn him.'' Prosecutors believe Mr. Lindenauer can provide testimony that
will carry them further up the ladder of city government, perhaps implicating
his longtime friend, Donald R. Manes, who resigned recently as Borough President
of Queens.

A Classic Example

The effort to ''turn'' Mr. Lindenauer has been a textbook case.

The F.B.I. had worked its way to him. First, an informant gave information
against a collection agency president who, when confronted by Federal agents,
agreed to testify against Mr. Lindenauer. On the evening of Jan. 14, Federal
agents arrested Mr. Lindenauer, threw him into a prison cell, where they kept
him overnight, and tried to question him.

Apparently, Mr. Lindenauer did not talk. Not that night and not in the weeks
since. After unsuccessful attempts to trade Mr. Lindenauer some leniency in
exchange for testimony, the prosecutors asked the grand jury to indict him. But
the pressure did not stop there. Mr. Giuliani announced at a news conference
Monday that the charges against Mr. Lindenauer carried potential prison
sentences totaling 765 years.

The prosecutor was asked whether he was disappointed that only one person had
been indicted. Before Mr. Giuliani could reply, John L. Hogan, head of the New
York office of the F.B.I., leaned forward on Mr. Giuliani's right and answered,
''Absolutely not.''

Mr. Giuliani just said the investigation was continuing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Rudolph W. Giuliani and Robert M. Morganthau (NYT/John
Sotomayor and Dith Pran)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 3, 2012 Sunday

Stetler case, last of 25 corruption cases, begins with jury selection scheduled
for Wednesday

BYLINE: Ed Mahon, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1170 words


June 03--YORK, Pa. -- A record number of state lawmakers, former lawmakers and
aides have faced prosecution over the past several years, according to G. Terry
Madonna, a pollster and political science professor at Franklin & Marshall
College in Lancaster.

"This is unprecedented" in modern Pennsylvania history, Madonna said.

That's largely the result of a state attorney general's investigation that
started under now-Gov. Tom Corbett in 2007 and has led to charges against 25
people -- including party leaders -- connected to the Democratic and Republican
caucuses from the state House of Representatives.

Jury selection for the last of those political corruption cases is scheduled to
begin Wednesday in Dauphin County. The defendant is Stephen Stetler, a
62-year-old former state representative from York and former state revenue
secretary. And his trial is scheduled for June 18.

Nils Frederiksen, spokesman for the state attorney general's office, said other
cases are still part of ongoing court proceedings. But Frederiksen said Stetler
is the last of those awaiting trial.

Stetler's case marks a milestone in the corruption scandal, which Sunshine
Review editor Shannan Younger said differs from those in other states. Her
organization advocates for local and state government transparency.

"I think what's unique about this is it seemed to be really wide ranging, and it
wasn't just one party," said Younger. "It encompassed both parties, and people
at all levels of power. ...This was very systemic."

'Stunningly high'

Stetler was charged in December 2009, along with former House Speaker Bill
DeWeese. Both were accused of widespread misappropriation of public funds for
political campaigns.

The state attorney general's office initially sought to try DeWeese and Stetler
together, but Stetler successfully petitioned the court for a separate trial.

A jury in February found DeWeese guilty of theft, conspiracy and other charges.

"They have a stunningly high percentage of convictions," Madonna said of the
attorney general's office, adding that in the majority of cases, defendants have
either been convicted or pleaded guilty.

The investigation led to a jury conviction and a six- to 14-year prison sentence
for former Pennsylvania House Democratic whip Mike Veon. Former Republican House
Speaker John Perzel agreed to testify for the prosecution, pleaded guilty and
was sentenced to between 2 1/2 and five years in prison.

The investigation also led to guilty pleas and convictions against less
well-known people, such as Elmer "Al" Bowman of Red Lion. He was sentenced to 18
months of probation, and ordered to pay a fine and do community service, after
pleading guilty to a conspiracy charge. The attorney general said he developed a
computer program for the benefit of Republican candidates that cost taxpayers
$1.4 million.

Stetler's attorney, Joshua Lock, did not reply to a request for comment for this
story. He has said that Stetler had not broken any laws under the U.S.
Constitution.

Bob Kefauver, chairman of the York County Democratic Party, said he thought the
attorney general's office had "the weakest case" against Stetler.

"Every case has to be judged on its own merits," Kefauver said. "And I don't
know that there's any correlation here between some of those other convictions."

Kefauver said that prior to the attorney general's investigation, there were
laws being violated and there were problems with the way business was being
conducted in Harrisburg that needed to be addressed.

"The fact that indictments were sought and trials were held and convictions have
been rendered is a plus in trying to clean up these problems," Kefauver said.

But he said the attorney general's office didn't handle the cases properly and
had political motivations.

"What they basically did was they showed the members of the other caucuses what
they were looking at, how they were looking at it, and tipped them off -- not
directly, but certainly inadvertently -- that 'Hey, there's something you need
to hide,'" Kefauver said.

Frederiksen, spokesman for the state attorney general's office, defended the
office.

"I think the track record of the office has shown that these are legitimate
cases. These were legitimate crimes," Frederiksen said. "...What we're talking
about at the core is a violation of the public trust, and the people of
Pennsylvania deserve more."

Madonna said the charges from the attorney general's office have changed part of
the culture in Harrisburg.

"Overall, I think that it put lawmakers on notice," Madonna said.

But he said there are "still huge steps to be taken" to create a better
legislature, including campaign finance, ethics and lobbying reform.

Timeline of charges

July 2008: The attorney general's office filed multiple counts of theft,
conspiracy and conflict of interest against 12 people connected to the House
Democratic caucus, alleging that they participated in a system where state
employees would do campaign work and get compensated with taxpayer-funded
bonuses.

November 2009: The attorney general's office filed charges against 10 people
connected to the House Republican caucus, alleging that they used more than $10
million in taxpayer money for computer-assisted schemes designed to get
Republicans elected in state races.

December 2009: Three more people with ties to the Democratic House were charged:
Stephen Stetler, a former state representative from York and former state
revenue secretary; former House Speaker Bill DeWeese; and DeWeese aide Sharon
Rodavich.

Stetler, who was chairman of the House Democratic Campaign Committee from 2002
to 2006, was charged with conflict of interest, four counts of theft and
criminal conspiracy to commit theft.

The grand jury presentment that recommended charges against Stetler said he
authorized spending public funds in the form of state employee salaries and
other expenses for researching Republican candidates; directed legislative
employees to perform political work on state time; and used legislative
personnel for political fundraising purposes.

Stetler Defense Fund

After charges were filed against Stephen Stetler, five prominent York County
citizens created a fund to help with his legal bills.

"I've known Steve all my life, and I just don't think that he's done the things
that he's been accused of," said Tom Wolf, chairman and CEO of the Wolf
Organization and a former state revenue secretary."And I know him as a good
person."

Wolf said the fund has received $132,930 in contributions, from 140 checks and
one cash donation.

"There were a number of us who ... just wanted to help him," said Wolf.

Wolf said he did not know how high Stetler's legal bills were. But when Wolf and
others started the fund, Wolf said he expected the bills to be in the hundreds
of thousands of dollars and that any leftover money would be donated to charity.
To view a list of donors, read this story at ydr.com.

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120603-YO-Stetler-case-last-of-25-corruption
-cases-begins-with-jury-selection-scheduled-for-Wednesday-0603-20120603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 3, 2012 Sunday

Stetler case, last of 25 corruption cases, begins with jury selection scheduled
for Wednesday

BYLINE: Ed Mahon, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1181 words


June 03--YORK, Pa. -- A record number of state lawmakers, former lawmakers and
aides have faced prosecution over the past several years, according to G. Terry
Madonna, a pollster and political science professor at Franklin & Marshall
College in Lancaster.

"This is unprecedented" in modern Pennsylvania history, Madonna said.

That's largely the result of a state attorney general's investigation that
started under now-Gov. Tom Corbett in 2007 and has led to charges against 25
people -- including party leaders -- connected to the Democratic and Republican
caucuses from the state House of Representatives.

Jury selection for the last of those political corruption cases is scheduled to
begin Wednesday in Dauphin County. The defendant is Stephen Stetler, a
62-year-old former state representative from York and former state revenue
secretary. And his trial is scheduled for June 18.

Nils Frederiksen, spokesman for the state attorney general's office, said other
cases are still part of ongoing court proceedings. But Frederiksen said Stetler
is the last of those awaiting trial.

Stetler's case marks a milestone in the corruption scandal, which Sunshine
Review editor Shannan Younger said differs from those in other states. Her
organization advocates for local and state government transparency.

"I think what's unique about this is it seemed to be really wide ranging, and it
wasn't just one party," said Younger. "It encompassed both parties, and people
at all levels of power. ...This was very systemic."

'Stunningly high'

Stetler was charged in December 2009, along with former House Speaker Bill
DeWeese. Both were accused of widespread misappropriation of public funds for
political campaigns.

The state attorney general's office initially sought to try DeWeese and Stetler
together, but Stetler successfully petitioned the court for a separate trial.

A jury in February found DeWeese guilty of theft, conspiracy and other charges.

"They have a stunningly high percentage of convictions," Madonna said of the
attorney general's office, adding that in the majority of cases, defendants have
either been convicted or pleaded guilty.

The investigation led to a jury conviction and a six- to 14-year prison sentence
for former Pennsylvania House Democratic whip Mike Veon. Former Republican House
Speaker John Perzel agreed to testify for the prosecution, pleaded guilty and
was sentenced to between 2 1/2 and five years in prison.

The investigation also led to guilty pleas and convictions against less
well-known people, such as Elmer "Al" Bowman of Red Lion. He was sentenced to 18
months of probation, and ordered to pay a fine and do community service, after
pleading guilty to a conspiracy charge. The attorney general said he developed a
computer program for the benefit of Republican candidates that cost taxpayers
$1.4 million.

Stetler's attorney, Joshua Lock, did not reply to a request for comment for this
story. He has said that Stetler had not broken any laws under the U.S.
Constitution.

Bob Kefauver, chairman of the York County Democratic Party, said he thought the
attorney general's office had "the weakest case" against Stetler.

"Every case has to be judged on its own merits," Kefauver said. "And I don't
know that there's any correlation here between some of those other convictions."

Kefauver said that prior to the attorney general's investigation, there were
laws being violated and there were problems with the way business was being
conducted in Harrisburg that needed to be addressed.

"The fact that indictments were sought and trials were held and convictions have
been rendered is a plus in trying to clean up these problems," Kefauver said.

But he said the attorney general's office didn't handle the cases properly and
had political motivations.

"What they basically did was they showed the members of the other caucuses what
they were looking at, how they were looking at it, and tipped them off -- not
directly, but certainly inadvertently -- that 'Hey, there's something you need
to hide,'" Kefauver said.

Frederiksen, spokesman for the state attorney general's office, defended the
office.

"I think the track record of the office has shown that these are legitimate
cases. These were legitimate crimes," Frederiksen said. "...What we're talking
about at the core is a violation of the public trust, and the people of
Pennsylvania deserve more."

Madonna said the charges from the attorney general's office have changed part of
the culture in Harrisburg.

"Overall, I think that it put lawmakers on notice," Madonna said.

But he said there are "still huge steps to be taken" to create a better
legislature, including campaign finance, ethics and lobbying reform.

Timeline of charges

July 2008: The attorney general's office filed multiple counts of theft,
conspiracy and conflict of interest against 12 people connected to the House
Democratic caucus, alleging that they participated in a system where state
employees would do campaign work and get compensated with taxpayer-funded
bonuses.

November 2009: The attorney general's office filed charges against 10 people
connected to the House Republican caucus, alleging that they used more than $10
million in taxpayer money for computer-assisted schemes designed to get
Republicans elected in state races.

December 2009: Three more people with ties to the Democratic House were charged:
Stephen Stetler, a former state representative from York and former state
revenue secretary; former House Speaker Bill DeWeese; and DeWeese aide Sharon
Rodavich.

Stetler, who was chairman of the House Democratic Campaign Committee from 2002
to 2006, was charged with conflict of interest, four counts of theft and
criminal conspiracy to commit theft.

The grand jury presentment that recommended charges against Stetler said he
authorized spending public funds in the form of state employee salaries and
other expenses for researching Republican candidates; directed legislative
employees to perform political work on state time; and used legislative
personnel for political fundraising purposes.

Stetler Defense Fund

After charges were filed against Stephen Stetler, five prominent York County
citizens created a fund to help with his legal bills.

"I've known Steve all my life, and I just don't think that he's done the things
that he's been accused of," said Tom Wolf, chairman and CEO of the Wolf
Organization and a former state revenue secretary."And I know him as a good
person."

Wolf said the fund has received $132,930 in contributions, from 140 checks and
one cash donation.

"There were a number of us who ... just wanted to help him," said Wolf.

Wolf said he did not know how high Stetler's legal bills were. But when Wolf and
others started the fund, Wolf said he expected the bills to be in the hundreds
of thousands of dollars and that any leftover money would be donated to charity.

Wolf said the list is current, despite the date on the document below.

Contributors to Steve Stetler's legal defense fund

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120603-YO-Stetler-case-last-of-25-corruption
-cases-begins-with-jury-selection-scheduled-for-Wednesday-0603-20120603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 20, 2011 Sunday

THE BODY POLITIC - HOW A NEW JERSEY FEDERAL CORRUPTION PROBE UNCOVERED THE
ILLEGAL SALE OF HUMAN ORGANS

BYLINE: TED SHERMAN and JOSH MARGOLIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1358 words


On July 23, 2009, FBI agents descended on New York and New Jersey, arresting
more than 40 politicians and Orthodox rabbis in the largest federal corruption
case ever in New Jersey's notoriously corrupt history. The arrests grabbed
headlines around the world and upended the race for governor of New Jersey - a
campaign eventually won by Chris Christie, who as New Jersey's top federal
prosecutor had started the investigation. In this excerpt from "The Jersey
Sting," two reporters who covered the case focus on one of its more surreal
aspects - the illegal sale of human kidneys.

The investigation was stalled and Chris Christie was bored.

Then the US attorney in New Jersey, Christie had agreed to let real estate
investor Solomon Dwek turn state's evidence and go to work for the FBI as the
feds continued trolling for corrupt pols in the Garden State. But Dwek, after
being arrested for a $50 million bank fraud, had been turning up nothing but
rabbis laundering cash.

"How's he helping us? Where is this going?" Christie asked Jim Nobile, the
secretive chief of the corruption unit.

But Nobile had an ace up his sleeve. His team had stumbled upon a new scam with
ties to their prized informant:

a black-market kidney-transplant operation, and Dwek could take them inside.

As Nobile outlined it to him, Christie suddenly sat up. "What?" he said in
disbelief.

There was someone in the Orthodox community in Brooklyn, Levy-Izhak Rosenbaum,
allegedly brokering human kidney transplants for about $150,000 a pop.

"You're kidding me," Christie said.

They were not.

"That's defi nitely against the law, right?" Christie said.

"Yes" was the answer.

The law actually dated to 1984, when a Virginia physician, after losing his
license over a Medicare/ Medicaid fraud conviction, announced plans to establish
the world's fi rst organbrokering service. The outrage was immediate.

A Tennessee congressman named Al Gore introduced legislation banning such sales,
and Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch sponsored similar legislation in the Senate.

Yet no one had ever been prosecuted under the statute. If the Dwek prosecutors
made a case, Rosenbaum was going to be a fi rst.

GRANDPA'S LEGACY

Christie did not authorize it right away. It took months to get the US
Attorney's Offi ce to sign off on the approach before launching Dwek at
Rosenbaum.

Federal tax records showed Rosenbaum had ties to a Brooklynbased charity
organization called Kav Lachayim ("path to life") United Lifeline. The returns
fi led by the non-profi t showed Rosenbaum listed as president and a brief
description of its focus as meeting the medical needs of children. But Rosenbaum
claimed to have had more than a decade of experience meeting the medical needs
of other clients - those looking to pay for healthy kidneys. And Dwek knew well
how it worked. The reason he was able to put him on a plate for the feds is that
he had told them that his own grandfather had bought a kidney from Rosenbaum.

Rosenbaum allegedly had his own network of connections and was known as the man
to go to in New York. Short and a little overweight, with a full gray beard and
matching moustache, he was described by one Israeli who met him as very Orthodox
but "jolly and very off-color."

Dwek fi nally called Rosenbaum in mid-February of 2008 on a Friday, just before
the start of the Sabbath. Dwek said his secretary had a desperately ill uncle,
Teddy Moses. Uncle Teddy needed a kidney transplant to live. Rosenbaum invited
Dwek to come to his home. The "secretary" was actually undercover FBI agent
Jessica Weisman. "Uncle Teddy" was a fi gment of the FBI's imagination.

Dwek and Weisman drove to Brooklyn, where Rosenbaum lived in a large three-story
brick home on 21st Avenue in Flatbush. There were graceful wrought-iron
balconies and a grand bay façade on the second level, set on a street of far
more modest houses. "I'm in real estate," said Rosenbaum by way of introduction,
his voice picked up on an FBI surveillance video camera worn by Dwek. He had
told neighbors he worked in construction.

They immediately got down to business. Uncle Teddy, said Dwek, was "having some
kidney issues. He's on dialysis." Wired for video and audio as always, Dwek
immediately made it clear why they were there: "He needs to, you know, organize
to buy one and we need to fi nd how we can do this. I told him I'd take care of
the fi nancial arrangements."

"So who is the needy one?" Rosenbaum asked.

"My uncle," the agent told Rosenbaum.

In addition to a name, the FBI gave him a critical condition - the kind of
detail necessary to make the scam look real. "Teddy," they said, was on the
transplant list at a hospital in Philadelphia.

The way it worked, Rosenbaum explained, was that he would send a blood sample to
fi nd a matching prospective donor. "If you want to arrange it faster, then I
bring the donor over here," Rosenbaum explained. "The hospital is the authority
who decide it's a match or not. Not me, not you, not him, not nobody."

"Let me explain to you one thing," Rosenbaum continued. "It's illegal to buy or
sell organs. So you cannot buy it. What you do is, you're giving a compensation
for the time - whatever - he's not working." '

HE NEEDED THE MONEY'

The key, Rosenbaum said, was to concoct some kind of relationship between donor
and recipient, make up a story that would hold up under questioning.

"The hospital is asking what's the relationship between the donor and the
recipient," he said. "So we put in a relationship - friends, or neighbor, or
business relations - any relation."

"Cousins? Third cousins?" Dwek asked.

No. Rosenbaum shook his head.

"You wouldn't go to cousins. The recipient is not going to be investigated, but
the donor is investigated.

So if you start with family, it's real easy to fi nd out if he's not. It's not
the family, because the names and the ages and who is who - it doesn't work
good."

He brushed aside the problems.

Dwek then asked what it would cost.

"The price with what we are asking here is $150,000," said Rosenbaum.

Dwek brought up the name of a patient they both knew. He had only been charged
$140,000, noted Dwek.

Rosenbaum just laughed. "I knew that was coming," he said.

Bargaining, however, was not on his agenda. He said half of the total cost would
have to be paid up front, with the rest due when they got the donor to the
hospital.

"I take care of the guy after the surgery," Rosenbaum told them. "What do you
mean?" asked Dwek.

"I place him somewhere," said Rosenbaum. "You have to babysit him like a baby
because he may have a language problem, maybe not."

The donor had to be paid, and the doctors in Israel who would examine the donor,
and then the expenses in preparing the visa work, and paying the donor's
expenses in the United States.

The following week, Dwek and his "secretary" returned to Rosenbaum's house. He
again repeated for the surveillance camera that buying or selling a kidney was
illegal.

That's exactly what prosecutors wanted to hear when the DVD was played back in
Newark. Rosenbaum was oblivious to the trap. Instead, he dug a deeper hole for
himself, trying to reassure his new clients. It was the donor, he said, who
would be the one facing the questions. "They're going to investigate him . . .
and it is our job to prepare him," Rosenbaum explained.

Rosenbaum gave them the name of one recipient who had received a kidney
transplant four years earlier, and offered to give them other references.

The next day, the FBI agent Weisman used a phone number Rosenbaum had given her
and contacted one of his earlier kidney transplant customers, in her role as
Dwek's secretary. The former patient acknowledged that he paid Rosenbaum cash
for the kidney and the operation had been done at an out-of-state hospital about
a year earlier. "Why do you think the donor was willing to give up a kidney?"
the agent asked.

"I guess he needed the money."

Uncle Teddy never got a kidney. Rosenbaum was arrested with 43 others on July
23, 2009.

Adapted from "The Jersey Sting: A True Story of Crooked Pols, MoneyLaundering
Rabbis, Black Market Kidneys, and the Informant Who Brought It All Down" (St.
Martin's Press), out now.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The "Jersey Sting" arrests buoyed then US attorney Chris Christie's
campaign for governor. (AP) Informant Solomon Dwek was key to helping the FBI
uncover the largest federal corruption case in NJ history.  Levy-Izhak
Rosenbaum, in custody in '09, was busted in a conspiracy to transport organs.
(Mitsu Yasukawa/The Star-Ledger) The "Jersey Sting" arrests buoyed then US
attorney Chris Christie's campaign for governor. (AP) Informant Solomon Dwek was
key to helping the FBI uncover the largest federal corruption case in NJ
history.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 13, 2008 Saturday

THE CORRUPT STATES OF AMERICA?

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 166 words


The publication Corporate Crime Reporter crunched Justice Department statistics
in 2007 to rank the 35 most-populous states of the nation by corruption. The
publication calculated a corruption rate, which it defined as the total number
of public corruption convictions from 1997 to 2006 per 100,000 residents. These
are the results:

1. Louisiana (7.67)

2. Mississippi (6.66)

3. Kentucky (5.18)

4. Alabama (4.76)

5. Ohio (4.69)

6. Illinois (4.68)

7. Pennsylvania (4.55)

8. Florida (4.47)

9. New Jersey (4.32)

10. New York (3.95)

11. Tennessee (3.68)

12. Virginia (3.64)

13. Oklahoma (2.96)

14. Connecticut (2.80)

15. Missouri (2.79)

16. Arkansas (2.74)

17. Massachusetts (2.66)

18. Texas (2.44)

19. Maryland (2.31)

20. Michigan (2.14)

21. Georgia (2.13)

22. Wisconsin (2.09)

23. California (2.07)

24. N. Carolina (1.96)

25. Arizona (1.88)

26. Indiana (1.85)

27. S. Carolina (1.74)

28. Nevada (1.72)

29. Colorado (1.56)

30. Washington (1.52)

31. Utah (1.4117)

32. Kansas (1.4109)

33. Minnesota (1.24)

34. Iowa (0.91)

35. Oregon (0.68)

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 22, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

Corruption at Corrections

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A24; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 217 words


The Friday I left for Christmas vacation, I told Bettina Pruckmayr that I was
excited the office shuffle would make us office mates in the new year. That
Sunday, a 2 a.m. phone call from a friend told me Bettina had been killed in a
carjacking incident.

It turns out that the man charged with her murder was on parole for a similar
killing many years ago. He had violated his parole in many ways, yet still was
free to be in Bettina's parking lot. I thank Colbert King for his March 9 piece
["The 'Wrong Place, Wrong Time' Dodge," op-ed] detailing how corruption and
coverups in the D.C. corrections system could have allowed this to happen. Yet
the obvious question remains. What can be done?

Mayor Marion Barry has rejected out of hand Sen. Orrin Hatch's proposal to place
D.C. police under federal control. I, too, am leery of ceding another remnant of
home rule. However, the stakes -- our lives and those of our loved ones -- are
high. Surely this proposal at least deserves open consideration. Serious
underfunding of the prison system seems to have fostered widespread corruption.
Congressional hearings could delve into the D.C. corruption, as well as examine
alternative criminal justice systems. We simply cannot wait to have this
conversation.

MELINDA BURRELL

Washington

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Congresswoman Corrine Brown and Chief of Staff Charged with Fraud Scheme
Involving Bogus Non-Profit Scholarship Entity

LENGTH: 1121  words


Congresswoman Corrine Brown and her chief of staff were indicted today for their
roles in a conspiracy and fraud scheme involving a fraudulent education charity.

Brown, 69, of Jacksonville, Florida, and her chief of staff, Elias Ronnie
Simmons, 50, of Laurel, Maryland, were charged today in a 24-count indictment
with participating in a conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, multiple
counts of mail and wire fraud, concealing material facts on required financial
disclosure forms, theft of government property, obstruction of the due
administration of the internal revenue laws and filing false tax returns.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney A. Lee Bentley III of the Middle District of
Florida, Special Agent in Charge Michelle S. Klimt of the FBIs Jacksonville
Division and Chief Richard Weber of the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI) made the announcement.

Congresswoman Brown and her chief of staff are alleged to have used the
Congresswomans official position to solicit over $800,000 in donations to a
supposed charitable organization, only to use that organization as a personal
slush fund, said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  Corruption erodes the
publics trust in our entire system of representative government.  One of the
departments most important responsibilities is to root out corruption at all
levels of government and to bring wrongdoers to justice.

Our office is committed to ferreting out and prosecuting all forms of corruption
and fraud, regardless of who the offender is, said U.S. Attorney Bentley.  In
our nation, no one is above the law.

Corrupt public officials undermine the integrity of our government and violate
the publics trust, said Special Agent in Charge Klimt.  That is why public
corruption is the FBIs top criminal priority.  It is incredibly disappointing
that an elected official, who took an oath year after year to serve others,
would exploit the needs of children and abuse the charitable hearts of
constituents to advance her own personal and political agendas and deliver them
with virtually nothing.

The defendants are alleged to have committed a multitude of criminal violations,
including fraudulently receiving and using hundreds of thousands of dollars in
contributions meant for a nonprofit organization for their own personal and
professional benefit, said Special Agent in Charge Lappin.  The American public
expects and deserves equitable enforcement of our tax laws.

The indictment alleges that between late 2012 and early 2016, Brown and Simmons
participated in a conspiracy and fraud scheme involving One Door for Education
Amy Anderson Scholarship Fund (One Door) in which the defendants and others
acting on their behalf solicited more than $800,000 in charitable donations
based on false representations that the donations would be used for college
scholarships and school computer drives, among other things.  According to the
indictment, Brown and Simmons allegedly solicited donations from individuals and
corporate entities that Brown knew by virtue of her position in the U.S. House
of Representatives, many of whom the defendants led to believe that One Door was
a properly-registered 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, when, in fact, it was
not.

Contrary to the defendants representations, the indictment alleges that Brown,
Simmons and Carla Wiley, the president of One Door, among others, used the vast
majority of One Door donations for their personal and professional benefit,
including tens of thousands of dollars in cash deposits that Simmons made to
Browns personal bank accounts.  In one instance, Simmons is alleged to have
deposited $2,100 in One Door funds into Browns personal bank account the same
day that Brown wrote a check for a similar amount to pay taxes she owed.
Likewise, the indictment alleges that Brown and Simmons used the outside
consulting company of one of Browns employees to funnel One Door funds to Brown
and others for their personal use.  According to the indictment, more than
$200,000 in One Door funds were used to pay for events hosted by Brown or held
in her honor, including a golf tournament in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida; lavish
receptions during an annual conference in Washington, D.C.; the use of a luxury
box during a concert in Washington, D.C.; and the use of a luxury box during an
NFL game in the Washington, D.C., area.

Despite raising over $800,000 in donations, the indictment alleges that One Door
was associated with only two scholarships totaling $1,200 that were awarded to
students to cover expenses related to attending a college or university.

Simmons is also charged with theft of government property based on the misuse of
his position as Browns chief of staff to obtain congressional employment for a
close relative.  Between 2001 and early 2016, Simmons relative allegedly
received approximately $735,000 in government salary payments despite performing
no known work for the U.S. House of Representatives.  The indictment alleges
that between 2009 and late 2015, Simmons diverted over $80,000 of his relatives
government salary for his personal benefit, including through transfers to his
personal bank accounts, payments on his personal credit cards and loan payments
on his boat.

Simmons and Brown are also charged with failing to disclose, among other things,
the reportable income they received from One Door and the salary payments that
Simmons diverted from his relatives government employment on required financial
disclosure forms submitted to the U.S. House of Representatives and made
available to the general public.

Brown is also charged with engaging in tax obstruction between 2008 and 2014
and, in certain years, filing false returns based on her repeated failure to
report income from substantial cash deposits to her personal bank accounts and
her repeated deduction of inflated and fabricated charitable donations.
According to the indictment, in various years, Brown claimed deductions on her
tax returns based on false donations she claimed she made to One Door, as well
as to local churches and non-profit organizations in the Jacksonville area.

Wiley, the president of One Door, pleaded guilty for her involvement in the
scheme on March 3, 2016.

The charges and allegations contained in an indictment are merely accusations.
The defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty.

The FBI and IRS-CI are investigating the case.  Deputy Chief Eric G. Olshan of
the Criminal Divisions Public Integrity Section and Assistant U.S. Attorneys A.
Tysen Duva and Michael J. Coolican of the Middle District of Florida are
prosecuting the case. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday

Afghan anti-corruption chief accuses US of not monitoring use of aid

LENGTH: 335 words


Excerpt from report by private Afghan Channel One TV (1TV)

[Presenter] The US Congress special inspector for the reconstruction of
Afghanistan warns about the wasting of billions of dollars of this country's aid
in Afghanistan.

He stresses that some 28m dollars are spent daily for the reconstruction of
Afghanistan and the responsible bodies should respond to this body about
spending the money donated by the USA for the reconstruction of Afghanistan.

Meanwhile, the High Office of Oversight and Anti-Corruption [HOOAC] says that
the USA's indifference to the money donated to Afghanistan is the main reason
behind the widespread corruption in Afghanistan.

Nazefa Mahboobi gives more details:

[Passage omitted: Text of remarks by the US special inspector for the
reconstruction of Afghanistan.]

[Correspondent] But, the HOOAC says that some 80 per cent of the money donated
by the USA has been spent in Afghanistan by this country.

[Azizollah Ludin, head of HOOAC, captioned] It is clear that they have built
these high buildings, but they have put the money in their own pockets and taken
it to their own countries. I believe that when they give aid, they should see
where and how the aid is being spent. It shows that they are indifferent to the
money that the US nation gives for the reconstruction of Afghanistan.

[Passage omitted: Text of remarks by the US special inspector for the
reconstruction of Afghanistan.]

[Ludin] Earlier, I used to say that there is corruption and now they [US
officials] too confess that there is corruption. They should think that when the
80 per cent of the money is spent by them or given to the individuals of their
choice and for the projects which they have planned by themselves. They should
also investigate and examine so that this money is spent for the right purposes.

[Passage omitted: general comment]

[Video shows text of remarks by a US official; Ludin speaking; archive footage
of road construction project]

Source: Afghan Channel One (1TV), Kabul in Dari 1330gmt 11 Jan 13

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            September 7, 2007 Friday
                                 JERSEY Edition

In N.J., political corruption's roots are deep

BYLINE: By Maria Panaritis and Troy Graham; Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Inq South Jersey; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 978 words


The scene in Trenton yesterday had a distressing familiarity.

U.S. Attorney Christopher J. Christie, standing on the steps of a New Jersey
federal courthouse, announcing that public officials had been arrested on
corruption charges.

Yet again.

And, after that, politicians expressing outrage and disappointment in their
colleagues.

Yet again.

In the last five years, more than 100 public officials in New Jersey have been
convicted in federal court, including once towering figures such as former
Senate President John Lynch.

In the last year alone, federal prosecutors have indicted two state senators and
subpoenaed almost the entire Legislature, looking for wrongdoing.

"If anybody doubts any longer that this is a rampant, wild infection in this
state . . . then you're not watching the same press conferences," Christie said.

The charges he announced yesterday were especially widespread, nabbing
small-town school board officials in Atlantic County, a Newark City Council
aide, and two members of the state Assembly from North Jersey.

"I was absolutely sickened by today's news involving the arrests of two Assembly
members," said Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts (D., Camden). "While the case
does not directly involve legislative business, the charges are nonetheless
extremely serious and cannot be ignored."

Christie said the 11 officials are accused of taking bribes to help steer public
contracts - naked examples of the pay-to-play culture for which state politics
has become known.

"Over the past five or six years, what New Jersey politicians are learning - and
learning the hard way - is what previously passed as simple influence-peddling
and patronage is now being treated for what it really is, which is a violation
of the law," said David Rebovich, a professor at Rider University and a regular
commentator on state politics. "I think that that's been the shock to the
political system."

The string of indictments and convictions has done little to help the state's
reputation, he said.

"New Jersey is running neck-and-neck with Louisiana for the top spot on the
political corruption list in America," Rebovich said.

Since taking office in 2002, Christie has led an unprecedented onslaught against
political corruption. In addition to Lynch, Christie's office has won
convictions against Jim Treffinger, the top GOP candidate for the U.S. Senate in
2002, two of former Gov. Jim McGreevey's top fund-raisers, and city councilmen
from Atlantic City and Camden.

This year, federal prosecutors brought indictments against Sen. Wayne R. Bryant
(D., Camden), the former chairman of the Senate Budget and Appropriations
Committee, and Democratic Sen. Sharpe James, who also served as the mayor of
Newark for 20 years. Both have pleaded not guilty and are awaiting trial.

New Jersey lawmakers have taken some recent steps to fight corruption - these
latest indictments come two days after Gov. Corzine signed a package of bills
designed to clean up Trenton.

"It's enormously disheartening," said Sen. John Adler (D., Camden), who
sponsored one of those bills. "I think it's ironic that people in and around
government don't seem to understand that public money is there to serve the
public."

Critics complained, though, that many of the bills were watered down and
provided too many loopholes. Assembly Republicans said yesterday that their
reform bills died in a committee chaired by Assemblyman Mims Hackett Jr., one of
the defendants arrested yesterday.

"Once again, New Jersey's culture of corruption is national news," said Assembly
Republican Leader Alex DeCroce. "Yet again the Democrat inaction on ethics
reform is followed by more public officials . . . being charged with crimes."

Corzine yesterday said the latest charges were "beyond disturbing." Most of the
defendants were Democrats.

"If these allegations prove true, the individuals in question should be dealt
with to the fullest extent of the law," he said.

This year, Christie, long a rumored GOP gubernatorial candidate, has started
giving speeches that urge voters to elect better leaders and hold them
accountable.

"Ultimately, I think that's how you fix political corruption in the long term,"
he said in a March interview.

New Jersey voters have been identifying corruption as their second or third most
important issue, behind property taxes and health-care costs, Rebovich said.

In a 2005 Quinnipiac poll, 59 percent of likely voters called corruption a "very
serious" problem in New Jersey - only 4 percent said government corruption was
"not a problem."

Still, voters facing a long bombardment of bad news about their elected
officials can grow cynical and decide to drop out of the process, said Mary
Boyle, a spokeswoman for Common Cause, a nonprofit that promotes open
government.

"It kind of creates this mentality that, 'He's as bad as the rest of them,' "
she said. "It erodes people's confidence in government."

Unlike most other states in the country, New Jersey is well positioned to be a
breeding ground for political corruption, Rebovich said. It is geographically
small, densely populated and made up of more than a thousand school boards and
municipalities, in addition to having a highly centralized and large state
government.

"The fact that we have so many government units, so many officeholders and so
many agencies with the authority to spend money and grant contracts,
statistically speaking there's more opportunity in New Jersey for corruption to
occur," he said.

Christie said the state's culture of corruption developed over "decades of
inattention," and he signaled that yesterday was not the last time that he would
be standing before the microphones on the courthouse steps.

"If you continue to be brazen enough to break the law, we will continue to
gather you in corrupt bunches and send you to jail," he said.

Contact staff writer Troy Graham at 856-779-3893 or tgraham@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 29, 1992, Monday, Late Edition - Final

METRO MATTERS;
On Guard, Alone, Between Police and Corruption

BYLINE: By Sam Roberts

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 771 words


ON Friday night, David Durk was the man who didn't come to dinner.

One reason he wasn't there was that he was not invited until only the night
before, although protocol has rarely stopped him from showing up where he isn't
wanted. Another reason is that Mr. Durk is largely a loner. His loyalty has
always been to his ideals rather than to any organization that, inevitably,
fails to achieve them.

At the Merchants Club in lower Manhattan on Friday, Mr. Durk's fellow alumni of
the Knapp Commission investigation into police corruption held a 20th reunion
that had been organized months before the latest allegations of drug dealing and
other misconduct by police officers.

The reunion was conceived by Michael F. Armstrong, the commission's counsel.
Invited were distinguished judges (Whitman Knapp and John E. Sprizzo, among
them) and lawyers (including Nicholas Scoppetta and Cyrus R. Vance) who, as
investigators and prosecutors, had enshrined the name Knapp in the litany of
commissions established periodically since the 19th century to deal with police
corruption in New York.

One legacy of the Knapp Commission investigation was a special prosecutor for
corruption in New York City's criminal-justice system. When the post was
abolished by Gov. Mario M. Cuomo two years ago, Albany promised the district
attorneys in the five boroughs money to create their own anti-corruption units.
That money was never forthcoming, but now may be, perhaps from the city's
police-expansion budget.

The Knapp Commission had recommended that the post of special prosecutor be
temporary. But Mr. Armstrong said last week: "My own feeling came to be that we
were wrong and that a special prosecutor performed a useful permanent purpose."

The guest list on Friday included Robert Leuci, a witness for the prosecution in
a separate Federal investigation of police corruption. Mr. Leuci, a detective
who subsequently admitted taking money seized from drug dealers, was the subject
of the film "Prince of the City."

Mr. Leuci, who now trains undercover police officers outside New York and who is
finishing his fifth novel, distinguished what he described as today's "police
criminality" from the institutional graft that flourished two decades ago
because it was condoned by superior officers.

That graft was exposed when Mr. Durk persuaded a fellow detective, Frank
Serpico, to go public with allegations that led to the Knapp Commission, a book
and a film.

No such book or film has been crafted about Mr. Durk, although his career is
being chronicled in a book for Random House. Mr. Durk, who left the department
as a lieutenant in 1980, is an adviser to news organizations on criminal justice
and a consultant to a television documentary on police brutality.

A graduate of Amherst College, he left law school to join the department,
practicing what he later preached when recruiting on college campuses: "If you
really care about individual people, don't join the Peace Corps or Vista. Become
a policeman."

Despite his ample grounds for disaffection, he champions pride in the police and
declares that cynicism is the greatest corruption hazard.

"Cops don't have to go to consciousness-raising sessions to learn about money
and power in society," he said. "Do lawyers turn in lawyers? Yet we expect
someone with a high school equivalency certificate to stand up. The saddest
thing we have now that that we have cops telling cops not to get involved.

"In my rich fantasy life, I would like to run a police department," he said. "I
would tell cops, 'do not do anything you're not prepared to testify to in court,
if you have a legitimate lead you can go after anybody, and if you are right or
made an honest mistake, I'm going to take the weight.' "

Mr. Durk, now 57 years old, may be living an illusion. Virtually black-listed in
the criminal-justice system, he is a pariah to police brass but remains a magnet
to whistle-blowers inside the department and beyond who seek him out and rarely
have trouble reaching him.

On Friday, juggling telephone calls from people in trouble and getting leads
about people who will be, he quietly marked another anniversary: on that same
date in 1963, he was sworn in as a police officer.

Reviewing the reunion guest list earlier last week, Mr. Armstrong expressed
regret that another Knapp Commission witness, William R. Phillips, was unable to
attend. Mr. Phillips, a former police officer, is still serving 25 years to life
for murder. The reclusive Mr. Serpico was invited but declined.

And what about Mr. Durk? "I haven't been able to find him," Mr. Armstrong said.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Texas: The Terrain of Global Anti-Bribery Compliance Challenges

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



   In the second part of their interview, Alison Taylor, Director of advisory
services at BSR, a non-profit consultancy and company network focused on
sustainability and CSR, and James Cohen, an expert on anti-corruption,
international development, and security sector reform, share their reflections
on a co-authored blog piece titled "An Organizational Response to Global
Compliance Challenges."



 In this video, they address:





 * Why organizational culture is such an area of focus in the anti-bribery
compliance discourse.



 * How culture and leadership influence behaviors.



 * The challenges and obstacles to Anti-Corruption literacy.



 * The role of technology in keeping up with information flows, and how it is
relevant to anti-corruption by connecting people across cultures and increasing
awareness of corruption and the impact of illicit financial channels.



 * How the Panama papers have educated societies about shell companies and
beneficial ownership, by focusing upon how corrupt money travels globally, and
how it impacts populations along its path.



 * How are companies managing supply chain risk.



 * How can training be used as a tool to move anti-corruption compliance away
from a box-ticking exercise and towards a values-based training mission.



 * What might it mean to look beyond a standard legal view of corruption into
its wider impact, and how that might influence audit and compliance initiatives.




 * Why anti-bribery due diligence needs to be more than a pin point process.



 * What is a clear eye view of corruption risk? The importance of understanding
the influence, impact, agenda and relationships of third parties among various
stakeholders.



 * What are the hubs and spokes of corruption?



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Rhode Island: Anti-corruption steps

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: Providence


The State of Rhode Island has issued the following press release:

Regulators in many parts of the globe have increased enforcement of anti-
corruption laws. Anti-corruption experts
offered the following tips on how companies doing business overseas can step up
vigilance to reduce corruption
risks.

Assess internal and external risks. Enforcement actions by the Department of
Justice and the SEC highlight the
  most likely trouble spots: Overseas activities and engagement of third
parties--such as distributors, sales
  agents, intermediaries, or suppliers--tend to increase a business's corruption
risks, especially when the
  activities and parties operate in developing economies. Potential risks are
noteworthy when engaging in
  hospitality activities and when offering gifts and donations.

Conduct thorough background checks. Thorough background checks can reveal red
flags, including close
  relationships between third parties and foreign officials; third parties whose
fees are contingent upon sales
  going through and customers paying; third parties with a history of corruption
issues; and a third party's desire
  to keep the representation of the company or the terms of the retention
secret. A third party's hesitancy or
  unwillingness to promise in writing to observe applicable anti-corruption laws
is also a red flag.

Get commitment from top management. A company's board of directors, senior
executives, or owners should develop
  the company's policy against corruption and bribery and lead by example. This
is commonly referred to as
  establishing the appropriate "tone at the top." Top management's tone can be
reflected and reinforced in, for
  example, an ethics code, employee training, a compliance program, annual
certifications, and other
  communications.

Develop comprehensive policies and guidelines that are proportionate to the
risks. A robust compliance program
  should include a code of conduct, written policies, a confidential hotline to
report potential instances of
  improper conduct, a nonretaliation policy, a rapid response plan, tracking of
compliance incidents, regular
  compliance training programs, monitoring and auditing programs, disciplinary
policies, annual recertification of
  employees, and a risk assessment process. Corporate compliance teams should be
staffed with senior, qualified
  people and headed by a chief compliance officer. Someone at the parent company
should oversee compliance at
  subsidiaries and joint ventures.

Establish controls over promotional expenses, travel, entertainment,
sponsorships, and gifts. Provide training to
  sales and marketing and other personnel who are authorized to offer or provide
gifts or other items to current or
  potential customers and business partners. Establish policies and procedures
governing management's authorization
  of promotional expenses, travel, entertainment, sponsorships, donations, and
gifts.

Make sure everybody knows the procedures. The company's principles and policies
need to be stated clearly and
  rolled out in a manner--face-to-face sessions, intranet messages, or
e-learning--that is most suitable for the
  business. It is important to not overlook overseas operations and third
parties. Business and geographic risks
  should dictate the depth of the training and the prudence of offering or
providing training to business partners.

Monitor compliance and review procedures regularly. The business should conduct
regular, region-specific risk
  assessments and monitor closely payments to third parties to ensure that there
are no cash payments, that
  commission percentages are reasonable and based on work performed, and that
invoices and receipts are available
  for all requested payments and reimbursements. Revisit procedures regularly
and adjust them as the business and
  its risks change.

For further information please visit: http://www.journalofaccountancy.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 16, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

Arkansas Political Corruption Trial Starts Monday; Small-Town Bankers' Case May
Give Insight Into Clinton's Performance as Governor

R.H. Melton; Michael Haddigan, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1228 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK


Like the Whitewater trial whose verdicts rattled the White House three weeks
ago, the political corruption trial that begins here Monday will capture
national attention with videotaped testimony by President Clinton, tales from
his days as Arkansas governor and an "insider" witness for the prosecution.

But where the story line of the first trial often meandered from one 1980s land
deal to another, the latest case presented by aides to independent counsel
Kenneth W. Starr is likely to proceed more crisply, holding the potential of
fresh embarrassments for Clinton just as the presidential campaign begins in
earnest.

The outcome in the trial of two small-town bankers accused of funneling $ 13,000
into Clinton's 1990 gubernatorial campaign may not be the bombshell of the May
verdicts that forced Gov. Jim Guy Tucker from office and found Clinton's
partners in the failed Whitewater real estate development guilty of conspiracy
and fraud. The two bankers are more minor figures, and the alleged fraud much
smaller.

The proceedings will, however, draw attention to Clinton's performance as
politician and statewide officeholder at the same time the White House is
dealing with a raft of controversies, including its improper collection of FBI
files, the Paula Corbin Jones sexual harassment complaint and the lengthy report
scheduled to be officially released this week by the Senate Whitewater
Committee.

Several observers who are following the trials here said they expect Clinton's
name to be invoked much more often than in the last trial, with possible
detailed descriptions of his appointments to powerful state commissions and
meetings inside the governor's office. Nancy Hernreich, his former secretary who
now works in the White House deputy assistant to the president, is expected to
testify about official comings and goings here six years ago.

Privately, Clinton aides say they are also worried that Bruce Lindsey, a senior
White House official who is extremely close to the president, may be named
during the trial as an unindicted co-conspirator with the two bankers, which
could pose a legal hazard for Lindsey and an acute political problem for
Clinton. One of the last Arkansans still in the president's inner circle,
Lindsey has managed much of the damage control on Whitewater and other issues
stemming from Clinton's tenure as governor. Lindsey's own actions have been
scrutinized by Starr's office, but after many months no charges have been filed
against him.

As in the last trial, Clinton faces no charge of wrongdoing in the new case,
which centers on Herby Branscum Jr. and Robert M. Hill, two bankers from
Perryville, a small community in the rolling foothills of the Ouachita Mountains
about 40 miles west of Little Rock.

Branscum and Hill, who co-owned the Perry County Bank, were indicted in February
on charges they devised a scheme to funnel thousands of dollars of bank funds to
Clinton's 1990 campaign for reelection. They allegedly attempted to hide their
misuse of bank funds from federal regulators by making false entries in the
bank's records.

After Branscum and Hill pumped money into Clinton's gubernatorial campaign,
Clinton appointed Branscum to the prestigious state Highway Commission and
reappointed Hill to the state Banking Board. Court papers say prosecutors will
also try to show part of the money went to Clinton's presidential exploratory
campaign in 1991.

As they did in the trial of Tucker and the McDougals, Starr's prosecutors are
expected to build a strongly documentary case, one they hope a new Little Rock
jury will study as closely as the first one.

Although the indictment mentions the appointments of Branscum and Hill to state
posts, deputy independent counsel W. Hickman Ewing, who will try the case, said
the government is not trying to show Clinton traded jobs for illegal campaign
contributions.

Neal T. Ainley, who was president of Perry County Bank from 1989 to 1994, will
be the prosecution's chief witness. He pleaded guilty last year to misdemeanor
offenses of failing to report $ 30,000 and $ 22,500 cash transactions from
Clinton's reelection campaign.

Ainley could provide pivotal testimony about Lindsey, who as campaign treasurer
in the May 1990 primary election withdrew a total of $ 30,000 from Perry County
Bank for a last-minute get-out-the-vote effort. Lindsey's lawyer has said the
withdrawal was quite proper. He said Lindsey cashed four $ 7,500 checks, instead
of a single $ 30,000 check, to confuse political opponents, not the IRS.

According to the indictment, Branscum, Hill and Ainley conspired to conceal the
withdrawal from regulators. Any transaction over $ 10,000 must be reported to
the Internal Revenue Service.

Lindsey, now a deputy White House counsel, is not charged in the case, but
Ainley may testify about conversations he had with him. Ordinarily, those
conversations would be inadmissible in court as hearsay evidence, but if
prosecutors declare Lindsey to be an unindicted co-conspirator, the judge may
invoke the legal exception that would allow the testimony.

In the past, an unindicted co-conspirator was often a generally cooperative
witness who prosecutors decided not to prosecute because they had a weak case,
because they needed the evidence the witness provided, or because the person was
a side figure in the alleged conspiracy. In recent years, the use of unindicted
co-conspirators has largely fallen out of favor, particularly with the Justice
Department.

Presiding at the new trial will be U.S. District Judge Susan Webber Wright, who
is also assigned Jones's suit against Clinton. A Bush appointee, Wright has an
often informal manner in court and a reputation as a no-nonsense judge who
relishes complex arguments on obscure legal issues.

Like the first trial, this one will have a cast of colorful characters and there
are sure to be scenes of Arkansas at its folksiest. But as rural as Perry County
may be -- it has no stoplights -- the trial will also be about political power,
about the actions of two men who loom large over their corner of Arkansas.

As one of five Highway Commission members in a developing rural state, Branscum,
in particular, was known as someone who could make things happen, according to
political scientist Cal Ledbetter of the University of Arkansas at Little Rock.
The 10-year terms on the state Highway Commission are prized political plums.
Independent of control by the governor and the legislature, the commission
manages highway construction and maintenance throughout the state. Branscum was
also former chairman of the state Democratic Party.

In the one-horse town of Perryville, the trial of Branscum and Hill "is the
biggest thing that's happened around here in a long time," said Jeanette
Stewart, a waitress at the Holy Smoke Barbecue across from the tiny, century-old
county courthouse.

The other day, road workers were sweating as they worked on improvements to the
highway in front of the Branscom-Hill bank overlooking a busy intersection
marked by the Bubba's Place sandwich joint, the Friendly Grocery Store and the
Big Star pharmacy. The highway is being widened, and some locals jokingly call
the intersection the "Herby Branscum Interchange," believing Branscum used his
influence to begin the work outside his handsome new bank building.


LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ray lustig, Bruce Lindsey, a senior White House official, could
figure in the case.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday

SNC launches internal investigation into corruption allegations

BYLINE: JEFF GRAY, With a report from Reuters

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; ENGINEERING; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 393 words


LAW REPORTER

SNC-Lavalin Group Inc. says it has launched its own internal investigation as it
faces a probe of overseas corruption allegations by the RCMP, which raided its
Toronto-area offices last week.

The Montreal-based engineering giant saw its shares sink 4.3 per cent on
Tuesday, when it issued a new statement on the allegations. The company
acknowledged that Mounties raided its Oakville, Ont., office on Thursday in
connection with its failed bid to supervise a World-Bank-sponsored
bridge-building project in Bangladesh.

"We are collaborating fully with the investigation and have launched our own
internal enquiry to determine the cause of this situation," the company said,
adding that it does not tolerate "unethical behaviour" among employees.

SNC-Lavalin said it had prepared a bid for the Bangladeshi government earlier
this year to supervise the contractor responsible for the overall project. The
company said it would have made $10-million on the project, but did not win the
job.

Word of the investigation first surfaced late last week, after the World Bank
said late Friday it had tipped off Canadian authorities about corruption
allegations involving SNC employees and a multibillion-dollar bridge project in
Bangladesh.

In April, the World Bank agreed to lend $1.2-billion (U.S.) to Bangladesh to
build the Padma Bridge to link the country's underdeveloped south with its
capital, Dhaka, and the country's main port, Chittagong. An international
consortium led by the World Bank has agreed to lend Bangladesh up to
$2.9-billion.

The investigation is the second recent alleged corruption case involving a
Canadian company operating in Bangladesh. In June, Calgary-based Niko Resources
paid a $9.5-million (Canadian) fine after pleading guilty to bribing a
Bangladeshi energy minister with a luxury SUV, as well as a trip to Calgary, New
York and Chicago.

The Niko case was seen by some as a sign that Canada's lax anti-corruption
enforcement, which has earned it international criticism, was being stepped up.
In a report released in May, the group Transparency International identified
Canada as the worst-performing G7 country when it came to cracking down on
overseas bribery, characterizing it as having "little or no enforcement" and
ranking it among Greece, Slovakia and Slovenia.

SNC-Lavalin (SNC)

Close: $48.57, down $2.28

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            October 24, 2008 Friday

Ad questions Dee Margo's links to FBI inquiry

BYLINE: By Brandi Grissom / Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 601 words



 More on public corruption

AUSTIN -- Republican Dee Margo hasn't sufficiently answered questions about his
involvement with targets of the FBI public corruption investigation, his
Democratic opponent alleges in a campaign commercial that will begin airing
soon.

"A black cloud hangs over the entire community of El Paso," Democratic Texas
House candidate Joe Moody said. "It's important to know what the relationships
are."

Margo, chairman and CEO of JDW Insurance, called the move a sign of desperation
from Moody, who is behind in the polls.

"My reputation, I think, will pretty much withstand any scrutiny," Margo said.

In a series of videotaped interviews, the El Paso Times earlier this year asked
candidates for public office whether they or their friends and advisers were
targets of the widespread FBI investigation of public corruption in El Paso.

Margo's response was, "No and no comment."

But Moody alleges that Margo had business dealings with Robert "Bob" Jones,
former president of the National Center for the Employment of the Disabled, whom
the FBI arrested last week on charges related to embezzling millions of dollars
in government program funds.

"I think that El Paso deserves more than 'No comment,' " Moody said.

Margo said that his company provided insurance to Jones' companies, including
NCED.

"We provided the insurance coverages for some of his businesses in a normal,
rudimentary manner," Margo said. "He was neither one of our largest nor our
smallest (clients)."

Margo's company also purchased Crest Benefits Consulting in 2006 and brought on
Randy McGraw as an executive vice president at JDW Insurance.

As consultant for local governmental bodies, including some school districts and
El Paso County, McGraw had recommended health benefits contracts with Access
HealthSource, which NCED had owned when Jones was president.

Access and its former president Frank Apodaca are also targets of the FBI
investigation.

Margo said McGraw is a consultant for the governmental bodies and doesn't make
decisions about the contracts officials sign.

"He's got great expertise and is considered stellar and almost numero uno,"
Margo said.

And Margo said he had refused to do business with Access because he had
reservations about its operations.

"There's enough public record, there's enough bidding process, there are so many
eyes and ears and fingerprints all over anything we've ever done," Margo said.

Another connection Moody pointed to was that Margo was chairman of the Greater
El Paso Chamber of Commerce in 2005 when Jones was honored as Entrepreneur of
the Year.

Margo said he did not nominate Jones for the award. Chamber President Richard
Dayoub said staff members recommended Jones because of his contributions to the
community.

"I think he's just grasping," Margo said of his opponent.

Margo's interactions with Jones were also questioned during his Republican
primary contest with state Rep. Pat Haggerty.

In February, Margo said the FBI had interviewed him in 2006 about the charity he
helped found, the Border Fund. The FBI wanted to know about a scheme involving
Jones and NCED that allegedly defrauded the Chicago-based foundation that
supported the Border Fund.

FBI agents, Margo said in February, made it clear to him that neither he, nor
the Border Fund, nor the foundation that supported it, was a target of the
investigation.

Margo said there was no evidence to support Moo dy's allegations that he is
connected to the FBI investigation.

"There is nothing to what Joe is doing," Margo said. "He's throwing out
innuendos."

Brandi Grissom may be reached at bgrissom@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 561 words


Tropical Storm Bertha dumps heavy rain

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico | Tropical Storm Bertha swirled through the eastern
Caribbean on Friday as it unleashed heavy rains and strong winds in the region.

The storm's maximum sustained winds increased slightly Friday to 50 mph, but no
significant change in strength is expected in the next two days.

Tropical storm warnings were issued for Dominica, Martinique, the U.S. and
British Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.  A tropical storm watch is in effect for
the eastern Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and
Caicos islands.

Last ex-city official sentenced in corruption case

LOS ANGELES |  The last of seven former city officials involved in a
multimillion-dollar corruption case in the tiny Los Angeles suburb of Bell,
California, was sentenced Friday to a year in jail, most of which he has already
served.

The sentencing of former Councilman Victor Bello marked the end of the largest
corruption case in Los Angeles history, according to prosecutors who spent four
years taking it through the courts.

Superior Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy, who presided over the Bell trials,
acknowledged that Bello was less culpable than other defendants who were
arrested in 2010 after it was discovered they were illegally diverting millions
of taxpayer dollars to pay themselves huge salaries, a scheme that nearly
bankrupted the blue-collar city.

Prosecutors said the scam cost Bell more than $5.5 million and drove a city
where more than a quarter of the residents live below the federal poverty line
to the brink of bankruptcy.

Bello was sentenced to one year in county jail but was given credit for 340 days
of time served while awaiting trial. He was placed on five years of probation,
ordered to do 500 hours of community service and must pay restitution of
$177,600.

Plans to kill 2,800 deer on Civil War battlefields

HAGERSTOWN, Md. | The National Park Service has tentatively approved a plan that
envisions government sharpshooters killing more than 2,800 white-tailed deer at
three Civil War battlefields in Maryland and Virginia over the next five years
to curb damage to plants and trees.

The agency aims to reduce herds that it says are over-browsing vegetation at the
Antietam and Monocacy battlefields in Maryland and the Manassas battlefield in
Virginia.

Spokeswoman Jenny Anzelmo-Sarles said Friday that the number of deer to be
killed would depend on how quickly the forest regenerates.

The park service says with public hunting prohibited in the parks, the deer
population has become too dense.

The government's growing use of sharpshooters from the Agriculture Department's
Wildlife Services division to control wild animals on federal land has been
criticized by hunting proponents and animal-welfare advocates.

Cars removed from flooded UCLA garages

LOS ANGELES | A parade of tow trucks on Friday brought hundreds of cars up from
two underground garages at the University of California, Los Angeles, that
flooded when 20 million gallons of water spewed from a broken main.

Crews were removing about 400 vehicles that were submerged in Tuesday's deluge,
UCLA spokesman Tod Tamberg said. The process could take several days because
workers were still pumping out water and digging through muck and debris, he
said. About 270 cars not damaged by water were removed earlier.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday

Strayhorn, Perry visit EP today as Election Day nears

BYLINE: By Brandi Grissom / Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Politics

LENGTH: 817 words


AUSTIN -- Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn on Thursday called the governor's
attacks on her sexist and challenged him to take her on face to face in the
final days of the campaign.

Strayhorn, trying to rally voters behind her independent bid to unseat GOP Gov.
Rick Perry in the five days left before Nov. 7, made campaign stops in Austin,
San Antonio and Houston. She has plans for about a dozen more stops before
Election Day on Tuesday, including one today in El Paso.

Perry will also be in El Paso.

"Texans deserve to see us campaigning together, debating the real issues,"
Strayhorn said.

Strayhorn is ticked off over a radio ad the Perry campaign has been running. It
copies the Bud Light "Real Men of Genius" jingle and calls Strayhorn a "corrupt
politician woman."

"This was a calculated sexist attack," she said, pointing out that the spot
singles out her gender.

Perry said the point of the commercial had nothing to do with Strayhorn's
gender, but was a shot at what he called corruption in her office. The campaign
ran a similar ad that calls Democrat Chris Bell "way too liberal for Texas guy."

"That is a humorous ad, I certainly give you that," Perry said after casting his
ballot in Austin on Thursday. "But the fact is the corruption and malfeasance
that's gone on over at the comptroller's office is what it's all about."

Strayhorn shot back, saying three years of auditing found no corruption in her
state office, and alleging that Perry is attacking her because he's scared she
will take his job.

Perry, however, said his main competition is Democrat Chris Bell.

"This is a Democrat and a Republican state," he said.

Strayhorn has consistently said both Bell and independent candidate Kinky
Friedman are irrelevant in the race, though many polls show she and Bell neck
and neck for second place behind Perry in support among voters.

At the campaign event at San Antonio College attended by about 100 people,
Strayhorn said she has spent $100,000 a day and $1 million a week on advertising
to get voters familiar with her new name. She was Carole Keeton Rylander when
she last was elected comptroller. Her name changed when she remarried in 2003.

Now that people know her name, she said, they are learning about her stances on
the issues and are flocking to her campaign. She touted more than 370,000 hits
on her campaign Web site since early voting started.

That Web site is how 21-year-old student Melissa Freisenhahn first learned about
Strayhorn. She took a break between classes to go hear Strayhorn speak.

Freisenhahn said she is most drawn to Strayhorn's positions on education. The
comptroller said she would give teachers a $4,000 raise and change
administration of the state's standardized test from the spring to the fall. And
Freisenhahn's eyes perked up when Strayhorn talked about her plans to eliminate
sales taxes on textbooks.

As the mom of a 2-year-old, Freisenhahn said, she also appreciated that
Strayhorn is a mother and grandmother.

"Once you have kids, you know how to problem-solve," she said.

Richard Garcia, a 27-year-old student who plans to teach English, said he was
"bouncing inside" when he found out Strayhorn was speaking on campus.

He said Strayhorn's plans to focus on education and give teachers more money and
more freedom from the Texas Assessment of Knowledge and Skill won his vote.

"I don't want to be teaching at a really bad poor district and not making any
money," he said.

At an evening rally with about 50 supporters at a Houston car dealership,
Strayhorn told supporters the choice in this race was between her and Perry and
again challenged the governor to meet her on the campaign trail.

The two will be in El Paso this afternoon, but it seems unlikely that Perry will
take her up on the offer to meet.

"Spending time with her would be a waste of my time," Perry said. "I'm going to
go where I've got chance to find somebody to support me."

Brandi Grissom may be reached at bgrissom@elpasotimes.com; (512) 479-6606.



Make plans
Gubernatorial candidates in El Paso today:

     ·    Carole Keeton Strayhorn at 2 p.m. at El Paso Community College Valley
          Verde Campus in the cafeteria.Gov. Rick Perry at 3:15 p.m. at Cutter
          Aviation.Early votingEarly voting ends today.By Wednesday, 28,201
          people had voted.Most locations are open 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.Early-voting
          sites:Bassett Place, 6101 Gateway East.Carolina Center, 563 N.
          Carolina.County Courthouse, 500 E. San Antonio.Dieter Plaza, 1605
          George Dieter.Miner Village, 2900 N. Mesa.Promenade Shopping Center,
          7500 N. Mesa.Rev. Pete Martinez Senior Center, 9301 Alameda.Rogelio
          Sanchez Center, 1331 N. Fabens.Rushfair Shopping Center, 5255 Trans
          Mountain.Sunrise Shopping Center, 8500 Dyer.Vista Hills Shopping
          Center, 1840 Lee Treviño.Zaraplex Shopping Center, 1700 N.
          Zaragoza.Canutillo Board of Trustees electionCanutillo Elementary
          School, 651 Canutillo, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Vinton Fire Station, 510
          Vinton, 3 to 6 p.m.


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

Hawaii: Solomons Government To Focus On Good Governance, Land Reform

LENGTH: 632  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Good governance and customary land are the two central themes emphasized in the
Sogavare's led Democratic Coalition for Change Government's (DCCG) policy
priority programmes for the next four years.

Speaking at the policy launch Tuesday, Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare said,
the two central themes emphasized in his government's programmes are the pursuit
for good governance and opening of customary lands for economic development.

Sogavare said, his government has a long agenda for the achievement of good
governance.

He said, in their pursuit to achieving this, his government is committed to
strengthen the country's integrity institutions.

Including the Leadership Code Commission (LCC), Office of the Ombudsman and the
Parliamentary Entitlement Committee (PEC).

Sogavare said, his government is determined to fight corruption head on and
would invite relevant civil organizations to join the government on this
endeavor.

He said, a comprehensive National Anti-Corruption Strategy will be developed
with the enactment of an Anti-corruption legislation and establishment of an
Independent Commission against Corruption.

The PM said, these are essential elements of his government to fight against
corruption in the country.

[PIR editor's note: Solomon Star reported that 'The Democratic Coalition for
Change (DCC) Government's four year budget will cost $20 billion (US$2.6
billion), according to its published policy strategy handbook released during
their launch on Tuesday. ... According to the government's four year policy
strategy, Infrastructure Development will get the biggest potion of the budget
with a total budget of $7.2 billion (US$0.9billion).']

Adding his government will continue with the political reform agenda of the last
government to review the Political Parties Integrity Act and the strengthening
of the electoral process and search for a desirous electoral system the people
wants to deepen democratic values in the country.

"We are also fully committed to continue the process of national healing and
nation building and to finally adopt our federal system of government during
this term of the DCC Government," Sogavare added.

He said, on the theme of customary land reform, his government is determined to
pursue the recording and registration of tribal lands beginning this year 2015.

He said, despite its significance, it will be a long drawn out project.

"But it is critically important that we now make a beginning in the
implementation of this project given its potential to unleash the economic
development potential of our country with accompanying benefits to our people at
the rural areas and urban centres,"Sogavare said.

However Sogavare clarified that the approach to this land reform project was not
to force landowners to formally register their lands.

Adding whilst the government is desirous to speed up recording and registration
of economically viable tribal lands for national economic development interests,
other tribal landowners could also do so if they wish to.

He said the right of tribal land owners over their tribal lands will always be
respected and guaranteed.

However PM Sogavare said his government is confident that sooner or later,
landowners will find it beneficial to avail their lands for economic
development.

Meanwhile Sogavare said, his only hope now is for people to own and embrace
these policies and work together with the DCC government where necessary in
shaping these development programmes to be as effective as they can be.

Calling on development partners to jump on board and support DCC's mission of
change for Solomon Islands.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BIG SHOES TO FILL AS TOP PROSECUTOR

SECTION: NATIONAL; TIMES EDITORIALS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 359 words


Robert E. O'Neill set the right priorities in his three years as the top federal
prosecutor for the Middle District of Florida. His focus on public corruption
and tax and health care fraud well served the population of the nation's
second-largest judicial district. As the president looks to appoint a successor,
the White House should seek a candidate who similarly understands the criminal
and consumer issues facing Floridians and who appreciates the office's
obligation to be active, fair and transparent.

O'Neill announced this month he will step down this summer to join a private
risk management firm led by former FBI director Louis Freeh. His departure after
20 years in Central Florida and three years as the top prosecutor will mark a
loss in institutional history for the entire 35-county jurisdiction, which
extends from Jacksonville to Naples. Federal prosecutors have a reputation for
ham-handedness - a byproduct of the secrecy surrounding federal court - but
O'Neill worked well with local law enforcement. His successor should recognize
that treating local authorities the same way helps both sides.

O'Neill personally prosecuted public corruption cases over the years, raising
the profile of his office's anticorruption practice. These are typically complex
and time-consuming prosecutions. But O'Neill's investigations into housing fraud
and bribery have cleaned up local government and strengthened public confidence
in the political process. The next U.S. attorney needs to devote the same
attention and resources to these types of cases. Similarly, O'Neill's successor
should stay on top of health care and tax fraud, which have taken off in the
Tampa Bay area, in part due to the region's high number of elderly people.

The next U.S. attorney also needs to follow O'Neill's example in answering for
his office. The public deserves to know what federal prosecutors are doing and
why they make certain cases a priority. O'Neill explained his thinking publicly,
and he was not afraid of feedback. That sense of openness is vital for holding
the office to account. And it keeps the U.S. attorney plugged into the community
he or she serves.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Times file (2011): U.S. attorney Robert E. O'Neill served the
Middle District of Florida well with his focus on corruption and fraud.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

World in Brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1350 words


Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and his wife indicted on federal corruption
charges

RICHMOND, Va. (AP) -- Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and his wife were
indicted Tuesday on corruption charges after a monthslong federal investigation
into thousands of dollars in gifts the Republican received from a businessman
and political donor.

A bond hearing and arraignment is set for both defendants Friday in U.S.
District Court in Richmond.

"Today's charges represent the Justice Department's continued commitment to
rooting out public corruption at all levels of government," Acting Assistant
Attorney General Raman said in a news release. "Ensuring that elected officials
uphold the public's trust is one of our most critical responsibilities."

McDonnell left office earlier this month after four years in the governor's
office. Virginia law limits governors to a single term.

A federal investigation overshadowed the final months in office for the
once-rising star of the Republican Party, with authorities looking into gifts he
and his family received from Jonnie Williams, the former CEO of dietary
supplements maker Star Scientific.

Documents: Chicago archdiocese spent decades hiding priest sex abuse, putting
children at risk

CHICAGO (AP) -- Top leaders at the Archdiocese of Chicago helped hide the sexual
abuse of children as they struggled to contain a growing crisis, according to
thousands of pages of internal documents that also raise new questions about how
Cardinal Francis George handled the allegations even after the church adopted
reforms.

The documents, released through settlements between attorneys for the
archdiocese and victims, describe how priests for decades were moved from parish
to parish while the archdiocese hid the clerics' histories from the public,
often with the approval of the late Cardinals John Cody and Joseph Bernardin.

Although the abuse documented in the files occurred before George became
archbishop in 1997, many victims did not come forward until after he was
appointed and after U.S. bishops pledged in 2002 to keep all accused priests out
of ministry.

George delayed removing the Rev. Joseph R. Bennett, despite learning that the
priest had been accused of sexually abusing girls and boys decades earlier. Even
the board the cardinal appointed to help him evaluate abuse claims advised
George that Bennett should be removed.

"I realize this creates a rather awkward situation, but I believe I need to
reflect on this matter further," George wrote in a Nov. 7, 2005 letter to an
archdiocese child protection official. Also against the advice of his board,
George had Bennett monitored by another priest who was a friend and who
vacationed with Bennett.

Christie sworn in amid scandal, touts mandate from big election win and bond
with N.J. voters

TRENTON, N.J. (AP) -- Gov. Chris Christie sought to turn back the clock as he
was sworn into a second term Tuesday, saying voters gave him a mandate in
November to "stay the course" and put aside partisan differences, even as
Democrats ramped up an investigation into whether his administration abused its
power.

Christie, considered a likely Republican presidential candidate in 2016, was
inaugurated amid a snowstorm that forced him to cancel an evening celebration on
Ellis Island, and then gave an 18-minute address that dwelled on his 22-point
election victory in the fall. He did not mention the investigations that have
already led to the firing or departure of four top aides or associates.

The people making up a broad coalition that returned him to office, he said,
"have demanded that we stay the course they have helped set."

"It was the largest and loudest voice of affirmation that the people of our
state have given to any direction in three decades," Christie said, noting
priorities including the economy, education and improving access to jobs for
recovering drug addicts. "We have no moral option but to heed the voice of the
voters, and that is exactly what I intend to do."

His speech came less than an hour after Democratic lawmakers announced they were
consolidating twin probes into allegations that aides engineered traffic jams in
September in the community of Fort Lee as political retribution, apparently
against the town's mayor for not endorsing his re-election bid.

Obama and Pope Francis
to meet in the Vatican
in March with focus on shared economic view

WASHINGTON (AP) -- When President Barack Obama meets Pope Francis in the Vatican
in March, both men will speak a common economic language rooted in similar views
about poverty and income inequality, giving prominence to an issue that the U.S.
president wants to be a central theme of his second term.

In the complicated relationship between the Obama administration and the
Catholic Church, the White House sees the popular new pontiff and his emphasis
on the plight of the poor as a form of moral validation of the president's
economic agenda. When Obama delivered a major address on the economy last month,
he cited the growth of inequality across the developed world and made sure to
note that "the pope himself spoke about this at eloquent length."

The White House and the Vatican announced Tuesday that Obama will meet with the
pope on March 27 during a four-day European trip that includes a nuclear
security summit in the Netherlands and a U.S.-European Union summit in Brussels.
The meeting is the first between the president and Pope Francis.

Obama had an audience with the previous pope, Benedict XVI, in July 2009. At the
time, the Vatican underscored the deep disagreement between them on abortion.
Benedict gave the president a copy of a Vatican document on bioethics that
asserted the church's opposition to using embryos for stem cell research,
cloning and in-vitro fertilization. Obama supports stem cell research.

Francis has made it clear that Catholic positions on homosexuality, same-sex
marriage and abortion haven't changed.

New video of Toronto mayor Ford slurring his words emerges

TORONTO (AP) -- A new video of Mayor Rob Ford emerged Tuesday that shows him
swearing and slurring his words while apparently trying to imitate a Jamaican
accent.

In the video posted on YouTube, Ford is shown in a fast food restaurant rambling
and talking about police surveillance. He appears to call police chief Bill
Blair a derogatory name.

Ford, who said in November that he quit drinking, told reporters outside his
office Tuesday that he drank on Monday night and acknowledged it was him in the
video. When asked by a reporter if he also did drugs, Ford said no.

"I was there, I had met some friends and if I speak that way that's how I speak
with one of my friends," Ford said.

"It has nothing to do with you guys. It's my own time. It's my own friend."

2 Md. women charged with killing kids in alleged exorcism to remain held, face
psych screening

ROCKVILLE, Md. (AP) -- Two women who police say killed two young children while
performing what they thought was an exorcism will remain held without bond and
will have psychiatric evaluations to determine if they are competent to stand
trial, a judge said Tuesday.

The women, 28-year-old Zakieya Latrice Avery and 21-year-old Monifa Denise
Sanford, have told investigators that they believed evil spirits skipped
successively between the bodies of the children and that an exorcism was needed
to drive the demons out, said Montgomery County State's Attorney John McCarthy.

The women also reported to investigators that they saw the eyes of each of the
children blackening and, after the intended exorcism, took a shower, cleaned up
the bloody scene and "prepared the children to see God," McCarthy said. The
children's two older siblings, a 5-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy, were
also found injured with stab wounds.

Edward Leyden, a lawyer for Sanford, told reporters after the hearing that
"everyone who is involved in this case is in deep pain."

The women identified themselves to investigators as members of a group known as
the "demon assassins," and police are looking to interview other people who
might be part of the same organization but say there are no other suspects.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday

Corruption in India spawns 'Dandi' march in California

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, March 29 -- India's new high in political corruption prompted a
group of Indian Americans to launch a 240-mile Dandi-type march in California,
complete with a "Gandhi" in white dhoti, trademark spectacles, and lathi in
hand.

If Gandhi's historic Dandi march in 1930 was against the Colonial Salt Tax, the
Californian cause was to draw attention to the urgent need to end the rampant
corruption that is "eating India's vitals, like a cancer".

Though it was a small show with just half-a-dozen "full-time walkers", the
fortnight-long march through several Californian cities attracting batches of
supporters along the way, not to mention the hordes of curious onlookers
wherever it went.

"I firmly believe that all these things, which seem so small in their initial
stage, can become a big movement. If they can keep the fire ablaze, something
will come of it," California's Contra Costa Times quoted Kewal Parnami, one of
the marchers, as saying.

The "Dandi II march" began in San Diego on March 12, the 81st anniversary of the
original Gandhian march, and concluded in San Francisco on Saturday. They walked
15-20 miles a day, but skipped a 400-mile stretch by renting a van.

At Milpitas, the marchers caught up with Indian Ambassador Meera Shankar, who
happened to be on a visit for a seminar at the India Community Centre. They
delivered a memorandum to her.

The marchers sang Raghupati Raghava Raja Ram and Hum Honge kamyab (We will
succeed) as they passed through towns and cities. Onlookers waved and honked to
show support for their cause. The march ended with a rally and shouts of Bharat
Mata ki Jai at the Gandhi statue outside San Francisco's Ferry Building over the
weekend. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday

AP: Vigil trials year's top NM story

BYLINE: By The AssociatedPress

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 718 words


ALBUQUERQUE   The two public corruption trials of former Treasurer Robert Vigil
a mistrial followed by a lone conviction and 23 acquittals   was chosen the top
New Mexico story of 2006 by Associated Press member editors and news directors.

The Vigil saga was followed in the voting by the announcement of a new mission
for Cannon Air Force Base, giving the military installation new life and eastern
New Mexico an economic reprieve. In third place was the bitterly fought
congressional race between Rep. Heather Wilson and Patricia Madrid.

Here are 2006's top 10 stories, according to the AP survey:

1. Vigil's two trials

The first public corruption trial of former New Mexico Treasurer Robert Vigil
ended in a mistrial in May. A lone holdout juror said he didn't buy federal
prosecutors allegations of illicit kickbacks and extortion, and thought Vigil
was set up by the FBI. But prosecutors vowed to retry Vigil and got a partial
victory several weeks later: a conviction on a lone count of attempted
extortion. Vigil was acquitted on 23 other charges and remains free while
awaiting sentencing, which is expected in January.

2. A new mission for Cannon

The city of Clovis celebrated after word in June that Cannon Air Force Base,
which had been threatened with closure in 2005, would get a new mission: helping
to fight the war on terror. Days after the announcement that the 16th Special
Operations Wing would take over in 2007, flags lined the streets leading to the
Clovis civic center and "Operation Kept Cannon" banners were flown   a nod to
the New Mexico politicians and community leaders who campaigned for months to
retain the base.

3. Wilson-Madrid battle

New Mexico bucked the national trend of voters replacing Republican incumbents
in Congress. But it wasn't easy for Rep. Heather Wilson to hold onto her seat
for a fifth term. The race was marked by sharp attack ads and vociferous
campaigning; ironically, it may have been decided by a memorable snippet of
silence during a televised debate: seven seconds of dead-air during which Madrid
futilely reached for a response to a Wilson question.

After 10 days of ballot-counting following the Nov. 7 election, Wilson's
nail-biting margin of victory was a mere 862 votes.

4. Drunken driving/deadly crash

A persistent problem for New Mexico, drunken driving took its deadly toll again
in 2006, most notoriously in a Nov. 11 head-on wreck on Interstate 25 near Santa
Fe that claimed the lives of five members of a Las Vegas, N.M. family. The
drunken driver, Dana Papst of Tesuque, also was killed. Authorities said he had
a blood-alcohol level four times greater than the state's intoxication standard.

5. Flooding in Hatch

Residents fled their homes after heavy rain breached an arroyo north of Hatch,
flooding parts of the southern New Mexico town that serves as the state's chile
capital.

6. Governor's landslide

Gov. Bill Richardson's popularity got confirmation at the polls when voters
re-elected him in a landslide. His margin of victory over GOP challenger John
Dendahl   68.8 percent to 31.2 percent   was the widest ever in a New Mexico
gubernatorial race.

7. New area code approved

The available seven-digit number combinations are running out, so state
regulators approved a new area code for New Mexico: 575. While some New Mexicans
will get to keep the current 505, others must adapt to the new digits by early
2009.

8. Los Alamos/classified material found

Classified documents were found in October at the home of Jessica Quintana, a
former employee of a Los Alamos National Laboratory subcontractor. Quintana's
lawyer, Stephen Aarons, has said the 22-year-old woman, who has not been
charged, took the materials home to do after-hours work.

9. (tie) Spaceport launch fizzles

At first, cheers erupted as the first rocket to be launched from New Mexico's
spaceport took off in September with a white trail of smoke en route to its
planned suborbital trip 70 miles above Earth. But the mood changed quickly when
the rocket fizzled out, spiraling back to the planet well short of its mission.

9. (tie) Aragon's departure

Former legislative leader Manny Aragon's tumultuous tenure as president of New
Mexico Highlands University ended in July when the school's regents approved a
contract buyout that will pay him $200,000.AP: Vigil trials year's top NM story

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former state Treasurer Robert Vigil, his wife Viola Vigil, right, and
his two daughters, left, stand outside the Federal Courthouse in Albuquerque in
this Sept. 30 file photo as Vigil's attorney Sam Bregman answers questions
following Vigil's acquittal on 23 counts of extortion and racketeering. The
first public corruption trial of former New Mexico Treasurer Robert Vigil ended
in a mistrial in May.
The SpaceLoft XL rocket launches immediately after T minus zero seconds on Sept.
25 as the first rocket to lift off from Spaceport America launch pad near Upham.
The launch was picked as the ninth biggest state story of 2006.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2006 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 2, 2014 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Corruption with a Capitol 'C'

BYLINE: BY BILL HAMMOND

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 719 words


Gov. Cuomo's decision to shut down his corruption-fighting commission nine
months early looks more questionable with every fresh indictment in Albany.

The latest state lawmaker to be hauled in front of a judge is Sen. Tom Libous, a
Republican from Binghamton.

On Tuesday, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara charged Libous with lying to federal
investigators about an elaborate influence-peddling scheme aimed at boosting his
son's income.

That bombshell came just five days after Manhattan Assemblywoman Gabriela Rosa
pleaded guilty - in a case also brought by Bharara - to entering into a fake
marriage to obtain a green card, among other crimes.

Libous and Rosa are hardly alone in Albany's parade of shame. In fact, according
to an analysis released Tuesday by the Citizens Union, the state Capitol's
corruption eruption seems to be getting worse.

No fewer than six lawmakers were driven from office by criminal charges or
ethics complaints during the Legislature's 2013-2014 term - the highest two-year
total in the 16 years studied.

Add Sens. John Sampson of Brooklyn and Malcolm Smith of Queens, who are awaiting
trial on corruption charges, and Assemblyman Micah Kellner, who chose not to
seek reelection after being punished for sexual harassment, plus Libous - and
the grim tally could rise to 10.

Clearly, New York's state government still suffers from a raging infection of
unethical and venal behavior. Just as clearly, Cuomo has not yet delivered on
his promise to clean the place up.

"It's ironic that a governor who has focused so much on strengthening our ethics
laws has presided over the most corrupt state Legislature in decades," says the
Citizens Union's Dick Dadey.

True, some of the bad behavior now coming to light dates back years before Cuomo
took charge.

True, he pushed through reforms in his very first year as governor - including
the creation of the Joint Commission on Public Corruption, which, for the first
time, subjected the Legislature to outside policing.

But some of the sleaze did occur on Cuomo's watch - including Smith allegedly
attempting to bribe his way onto the Republican ballot for mayor, and former
Assemblyman Eric Stevenson accepting payoffs from businessmen in his district.

And JCOPE, as it is known, has so far proven a mostly toothless tiger, playing a
role in exposing just one of the 10 scandalized lawmakers of the past two years
- former Brooklyn Assemblyman Vito Lopez, brought down for repeated harassment
of young female aides.

Doing most of the real policing have been Bharara and fellow U.S. Attorney
Loretta Lynch - operating from outside the Albany bubble.

Further tarnishing Cuomo's record was the untimely demise of his Moreland
Commission to Investigate Public Corruption - which he created last year, then
abruptly deep-sixed in March in an unseemly deal with Assembly Speaker Sheldon
Silver and Senate coleaders Dean Skelos and Jeff Klein.

When he pulled the plug, the commission was in the throes of probing one of the
Legislature's darkest recesses - the substantial income that pols are allowed to
earn without fully disclosing who is paying them or why.

"He shut Moreland down at the exact time that the commission was focused on
outside business relationships - which is what these charges against Libous
involved," says Dadey. "He had them on the ropes, and he threw the match."

In return for making the investigation go away, Cuomo won what he framed as
worthy anticorruption measures - including tighter antibribery laws and
beefed-up enforcement of campaign fund-raising laws by the Board of Elections.

Left completely unaddressed was how scandalously weak those fund-raising laws
still are - riddled with loopholes that allow special interests to contribute
virtually unlimited amounts to politicians who can, in return, do them big
favors.

Nor were legislators finally forced to come truly clean about their
moonlighting, even as one colleague after another is led away in handcuffs.

Cuomo made a big deal about changing this climate once and for all when he was
running for governor four years ago.

"In the past decade, New York State's elected officials were more likely to
resign due to criminal conviction than to lose in a general election," he wrote
in his campaign manifesto.

Four years later, that sad fact is just as true as ever.

whammond@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN; OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             April 5, 2009, Sunday

TODAY'S News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 338 words


School of soft knocks

NEW YORK - Hundreds participate in a pillow fight in front of the New York Stock
Exchange on Saturday in New York. The event was part of International Pillow
Fight Day, an event organized by a group called the Urban Playground Movement,
which aims to increase social activity in cities around the world.

Signs of progress, Louisiana-style

NEW ORLEANS - As public corruption allegations in Louisiana go, it was strictly
penny-ante stuff, but the minor story of the tax assessor using unauthorized
police emergency lights to get through a traffic jam was major news here in the
newspapers and on radio, television and Internet message boards. And that, local
corruption fighters are daring to hope, is a measure of progress. STORY, 10A

Battle over Obama budget heats up

WASHINGTON - President Obama boasts that he'll reduce spending on key domestic
nondefense programs to their lowest levels since the 1960s, but he and Democrats
in Congress are on a spending spree not seen since then. Few analysts or members
of Congress expect Obama to meet his cost-cutting goal, which he projects he
won't meet for 10 years. STORY, 11A

A case for married Catholic priests?

DETROIT - The Rev. Steve Anderson has been a Catholic priest since 2003, when he
became the second priest in Michigan to be ordained under an exception to the
Catholic Church's celibacy rule for married ministers serving some Protestant
denominations. About 100 married men, mostly ministers in Episcopal churches in
the United States, have sought permission from the Vatican to be ordained as
Catholic priests since Pope John Paul II allowed it in 1980. STORY, 5C

Mining below sea level

BOSTON - There's gold in that thar seafloor. Silver, copper, zinc and lead, too.
The problem is, it's a mile or two underwater and encased in massive mineral
deposits that layer a dark, mysterious world. But new technology and worldwide
demand have combined to make mining for these metals economically feasible for
the first time. STORY, 6C

- COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 4, 2007 Tuesday

Wecht camp set to fight anonymous trial jury

BYLINE: Jason Cato

LENGTH: 950 words


New York crime boss John Gotti had one. So did Oklahoma City bomber Timothy
McVeigh.

Unless a federal judge is swayed, the jury seated next month to preside over the
public corruption trial of former Allegheny County Coroner Cyril Wecht will be
anonymous, too. And that would be unprecedented in a political corruption trial
in Western Pennsylvania.

Defense lawyers today are expected to file a motion asking U.S. District Judge
Arthur J. Schwab to reconsider his decision to empanel an anonymous jury. The
judge issued the ruling last week without an explanation or a request from the
prosecution or defense.

Increasingly, federal judges are turning to anonymous juries in cases involving
organized crime or drug traffickers to protect jurors from intimidation or
tampering, experts say. But judges use anonymity to shield jurors in
high-profile cases, such as the one involving Dr. Wecht, 75, of Squirrel Hill, a
forensic expert who vaulted to national prominence because of his work on the
John F. Kennedy assassination.

"There are different purposes to be served by the use of anonymous juries," said
Paula Hannaford-Agor of the National Center for Jury Studies. "Usually it is to
prevent jury intimidation or jury tampering."

Although that typically involves the defendant directly, that isn't always the
case, she and other experts said.

"They've been used in cases where the issue is publicity," said Nancy J. King, a
Vanderbilt University law professor who supports regular use of anonymous
juries.

In 1977, the first anonymous jury in U.S. history convicted Leroy "Nicky"
Barnes, a notorious heroin dealer from Harlem dubbed "Mr. Untouchable." The
federal judge granted the jury anonymity after ruling that Barnes, the subject
of the hit motion picture "American Gangster," presented a credible threat to
jurors.

In Western Pennsylvania, the names of jurors have been shielded from the public
since 2006. But Schwab wants to take that a step further in Wecht's case,
barring defense attorneys and prosecutors from knowing the jurors' identities.
Other federal judges did the same thing in two recent Pittsburgh trials:

= A jury last month convicted Beaver County drug dealer Jelani Solomon, 28, of
paying cash and cocaine for murdering the father of a government witness.
Solomon was sentenced to life in prison for the January 2004 slaying of Frank
Helisek Jr. at his New Brighton home.

= Two years ago, a secret jury convicted Terrence Cole of Penn Hills for
operating the largest cocaine trafficking ring in Western Pennsylvania history.
Cole is serving a life sentence. The judge ordered the anonymous jury in Cole's
second trial after allegations of juror and witness intimidation and tampering.

Although the Sixth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees a public trial,
federal appeals courts have ruled anonymous juries do not violate that right.

In 2000, former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards faced two anonymous federal juries.
One convicted him of racketeering, while the other acquitted him of conspiracy,
fraud and witness tampering. Prosecutors sought anonymity for both juries.

A federal appeals court upheld the use of the anonymous jury, stating that the
trial judge simply was trying to keep jurors from being harassed or intimidated
"by the press and the defendants."

The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers federal courts in
Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware and the U.S. Virgin Islands, twice upheld the
use of anonymous juries.

In 1995, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans set criteria for
the use of anonymous juries. Though that court's decision is not binding on
other circuits, it stated "the decision to empanel an anonymous jury ... is a
drastic measure, which should be undertaken only in limited and carefully
delineated circumstances."

The court established factors to be considered: Whether the defendant is
involved in organized crime or any group capable of harming jurors, or has a
history of disrupting the judicial process; the length of the potential prison
sentence; and whether the case has generated widespread publicity.

Unless heightened publicity would result in jurors being threatened or harmed,
there is no reason for anonymity, said Douglas E. Lee, a lawyer in Dixon, Ill.,
and a legal correspondent for the Freedom Forum's First Amendment Center.

"That always struck me as illogical, especially in a case where a juror's life
isn't threatened. What are we afraid of?" Lee asked. "Why do we want jurors who
publicly are not willing to stand behind their verdict? ... If people can't
stand the pressure, then we ought to find others who can, because they're out
there."

Wecht's lawyers have argued cloaking the identity of jurors makes it difficult
to seat an impartial jury.

Lawyers for both sides will have access to answers jurors will provide through a
66-question form. The questions range from whether they have bumper stickers on
their cars to whether they are affiliated with political organizations, Schwab
ruled.

King of Vanderbilt said plenty of information about jurors is still available to
attorneys.

"Calling (jurors) by a number rather than a name doesn't reduce the amount of
information known by either party," King said.

History, however, has shown that granting jurors anonymity can have drawbacks.

In 1987, an anonymous jury cleared mobster Gotti of racketeering charges. One
juror, George Pape, later was convicted of accepting a $60,000 bribe. With no
name available for "Juror No. 11," no one could investigate Pape's ties to
organized crime before the trial.

Prosecutors in Wecht's case declined to comment. They have until next week to
file a motion concerning the anonymous jury.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 20, 2013 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

Retired lawman may see longtime mob adversary

BYLINE: JARREL WADE, Tulsa World

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: TULSA


TULSA - Retired Tulsa police Sgt. Mike Huff - a renowned detective who helped
chase down reputed Boston mob boss James J. "Whitey" Bulger - may get his chance
to see the man face to face.

Huff was listed as a potential witness in the case - a defense witness - "which
makes me think the world is totally upside down," he said. "I'm a witness on his
(Bulger's) behalf.

"I look forward to going there and telling the truth, but I don't think that I
have anything to benefit Whitey at all, whatsoever."

Nevertheless, he is looking forward to seeing Bulger, who was his prey for three
decades.

"He can be certain of one thing: He gets to look me in the eye and vice versa,
and I'll certainly be glad to see the guy that I've been chasing for 30-some
years."

Huff began his pursuit in 1981 after the slaying of Tulsa businessman Roger
Wheeler, who was shot in the head at Tulsa's Southern Hills Country Club.

Wheeler was chairman of the Telex Corp. Investigators believe that Boston-area
gangsters ordered the killing after Wheeler suspected that money was being
skimmed from Florida-based World Jai Alai, which he owned.

The slaying led to Huff's 30-year involvement in the investigation and
subsequent manhunt for Bulger, who was found in June 2011 after settling in
Santa Monica, Calif.

In 2001, murder charges were filed in Tulsa County District Court against Bulger
and fellow mobsters Stephen "The Rifleman" Flemmi and John Martorano.

Retired FBI Agent H. Paul Rico was also charged in 2003, but he died of natural
causes at a Tulsa hospital in January 2004, about a week after he was brought to
Oklahoma to face prosecution.

Huff said he likely will be asked to testify about FBI corruption involving
Rico.

He said the corruption was something "that I stumbled into."

"It was so complex, and I mean from investigating it, to traveling all over the
country, to testifying before Congress about FBI corruption to arresting a
corrupt FBI agent involved in the murder. There's a lot of history here for our
city," Huff said.

"And as tragic as the murder was, our city never faded away from doing the right
thing and moving forward in the investigation," he said.

Huff speculated that defense attorneys might use his testimony about FBI
corruption to "distort" the information in Bulger's favor.

He said he thinks he has the most tenure of any investigator on the case.

"Some of the people involved in this investigation weren't even old enough to be
in law enforcement in 1981," Huff said. "I'm certainly looking forward to being
able to tell about the Roger Wheeler investigation, because it is definitely -
and I think everyone recognizes - it's the beginning of Whitey Bulger's end."

Huff said the Wheeler killing "was the murder that really started to unravel all
this sinister stuff."

Huff retired in May 2011 as the lead homicide detective in Tulsa.

He has stayed busy in retirement with activities that include founding the
International Association of Cold Case Investigators.

The organization allows Huff and other seasoned detectives to continue
investigations that have been labeled unsolvable.

Huff said the Bulger prosecution provides "a little bit of closure for me at the
end of my career."

Huff was removed from the defense witnesses list this week, court records show,
but he said defense attorneys still plan to bring him to Boston soon with the
intention of having him testify after the prosecution rests.

Then Huff will finally get his chance to see Bulger.

"Over the years of being in homicide, looking many an evil man in the eye, ...
this guy has got to be one of the worst, one of the most evil, one of the most
sinister," Huff said of Bulger.

"Each day as this trial goes on - and I am intimately involved in these facts
over the years - it just surprises me how evil this guy is."


LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Tulsa police Sgt. Mike Huff in his office at the downtown
police headquarters in Tulsa in 2008. MICHAEL WYKE, TULSA WORLD
Photo 2 (Page 9A, NEWS METRO/STATE): TULSA
Retired lawman may meet adversary
Retired Tulsa police Sgt. Mike Huff may get his chance to see reputed Boston mob
boss James J. "Whitey" Bulger face to face.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 11, 1999 Thursday

Sponsors starting to fret over association with sullied Olympics  John Hancock
insurance firm stops using Olympic rings logo after paying $50-million, calls
for massive cleanup of corruption

BYLINE: JAMES CHRISTIE Sports Reporter

SECTION: SPORTS BUSINESS; Pg. S1

LENGTH: 801 words


Sponsors fear that the scandal-plagued Olympics have become "damaged goods" in
the marketplace and their association with the Games is being devalued.

The real cleanup of the corruption that has touched one in five International
Olympic Committee members will have to be driven by strongly motivated
advertisers who have plunged tens of millions of dollars into becoming official
sponsors, says Patrick Walshe, an analyst and vice-president with a media
management company, Harrison Young Pesonen Newell Inc.

"Anyone who believed that IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch and
[vice-president] Richard Pound are going to clean up the coop are sucking wind,"
Walshe said. "Coca-Cola [an Olympic sponsor since 1928] spends too much money
around the world protecting its high standards to be associated with damaged
goods."

Sponsors should defend their investments by pushing the IOC to hire an outside
investigator to make the cleanup credible, he said.

"The next Games are a year from September [Sydney in 2000], and that's a
lifetime in the image business," he said. "It's enough time for the IOC to save
itself, but they have to show they're serious about it."

Coca-Cola is the Olympic movement's most senior supporter and has stood by its
commitment to the IOC. When the corruption scandal broke, the IOC's marketing
chief, Michael Payne, made an urgent trip to Atlanta, headquarters of Coke and
another worldwide Olympic sponsor, United Parcel Service, to give assurances
that the IOC would take control of the situation.

"That did calm things, but several sponsors slept with one eye open after that,
staying vigilant about what would happen next to the IOC," a sponsor source
said.

Major insurance sponsor John Hancock is outspoken in demands for a cleanup and
reform of the IOC. Hancock has already dumped its use of the Olympic rings logo
-- despite having paid $50-million (U.S.) for the right to use it -- and
cancelled a meeting this week to buy $20-million worth of advertising time from
Olympic broadcaster NBC.

"Each day, the IOC loses a bit more credibility," said David D'Alessandro,
president and chief operations officer of John Hancock. "We're not going to buy
a nickel of advertising on NBC until we are confident the IOC is going in the
right direction."

The move was meant to put pressure on the network to try to persuade the IOC to
make meaningful change. NBC is the single biggest revenue source for the IOC,
with a $3.57-billion rights contract extending to the 2008 Games.

D'Alessandro cited two high points in the IOC's dealing with the scandal: the
IOC's appointment of Pound to investigate Salt Lake City's successful Games bid
"instead of one of their ventriloquist dummies;" and the expulsion or
resignation of nine IOC members and Samaranch's apology for the scandal.

"It was the first moment in which the sponsors correctly said, 'Oh, he gets it,'
" D'Alessandro said.

Susan Rosenberg, the Olympic spokeswoman for UPS, said in an interview from
Atlanta that the delivery sponsor will keep the Olympic rings on packages,
uniforms and vehicles, but "we remain concerned, as we have since December."

"We don't want to make premature conclusions, but I think the IOC clearly got
our message. We believe change is in order."

She said Pound's anticorruption commission needs to use the insights of other
inquiries and that employing an outside agency to continue the investigation
would be a good move.

"Third-party oversight will always enhance anything," she said. "It's an
additional viewpoint. . . .

"We don't have prescriptive recommendations to make," Rosenberg said. "We want
to see what the IOC brings forward and how it addresses governance issues,
accountability, the process and procedure of bid city selection and then the
organization of the Games. We'll keep a watchful eye on the outcome."

Dave Grant, managing director of Clarion Sports and Entertainment, a sports
marketing company based in Greenwich, Conn., said the IOC and the Games will
recover from the scandal.

"A short time ago, the Games were being boycotted," he said. "The Olympic brand
recovered from that, and it will recover from this, too. The tradition is just
too powerful.

"There's not a property out there that hasn't had issues. The strong properties
survive. The Olympic brand is more powerful than Tylenol."

But Walshe said the reconstruction must start soon.

"Advertisers want to associate with the best of breed," he said.

"Look especially at those with the longest association. They've traded on the
Olympics' history of being world-class, honourable, high endeavour. . . . And
not one of these things is being represented right now [by the IOC].

"It's a seedy little organization run by this neofascist," Walshe said,
referring to Samaranch's past as a top sport bureaucrat in Spain during the
Franco dictatorship.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                August 25, 1992, Tuesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

BRAZIL CORRUPTION

BYLINE: Donna Rosato; Darren Summers

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 217 words


Brazil's Congress will publish a report on corruption that could bring down
President Fernando Collor de Mello. The president has been accused of profiting
from massive government corruption. One newspaper is calling the scandal
''Collorgate.'' It began in May with a bizarre and unexpected attack from the
president's younger brother Pedro, who said Collor had pocketed millions from an
influence-peddling racket and snorted cocaine while a youth.

 GREEK STRIKES: Thousands of Greek workers are beginning a series of strikes
this week expected to hit every sector of the economy. But the government has
vowed there will be no retreat from a tough austerity program. The stoppages are
due to begin with a 24-hour strike by truck drivers Tuesday. There will also be
rush-hour stoppages of trolley buses and trains, continuing throughout the week.
Other workers due to join in the strike: bank, telephone, water, post, state
television and Olympic Airways.

 AUSSIE OIL: Australia's oil industry, already suffering declining production,
faces an uncertain future as companies cut back on exploration, an industry
group said. Only 18 exploration wells were drilled during the first half of
1992, down 65% from the same period last year, the Petroleum Exploration
Association said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Moneyline

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Preet: Give Albany a Times Sq. scrub

BYLINE: Rich Calder

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 197 words


If Times Square could be cleaned up, why not Albany?

That was Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara's message Friday at a Fordham Law
School forum on fighting public corruption.

The crusading federal prosecutor said he's more "optimistic" than ever about his
chances of weeding public corruption out of state politics.

He cited many letters and other forms of support his office has received - both
offering assistance and thanking him for a string of convictions he secured
against crooked politicians.

And Bharara even cited a physics principle by the ancient Greek scholar
Archimedes to prove his point that "even seemingly immovable objects" such as
political corruption "can be moved."

"Archimedes said to move Earth itself, all he needed was a long enough lever and
a place to stand," Bharara said. "To put it in blunter New York terms: If we
could clean up Times Square, can we really not clean up Albany? Just give people
a long enough lever and a place to stand."

Bharara, who is probing Gov. Cuomo's administration and secured an indictment
against former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, said he hopes lawmakers will
think twice about doing anything illegal.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            September 7, 2008 Sunday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

Trial of ex-State Sen. Wayne Bryant set to start

BYLINE: By Troy Graham; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1175 words


With more than 100 public officials convicted for corruption in the last seven
years, New Jersey residents have gotten used to politicians passing through the
criminal dockets.

But the trial of former State Sen. Wayne R. Bryant, scheduled to begin tomorrow
with jury selection in federal court in Trenton, could top them all.

The Camden County Democrat - the man who once held the state's purse strings -
is arguably the most powerful and well-known New Jersey politician to be
indicted in recent memory. And witnesses could include former cabinet officials,
Senate staffers, and other Trenton luminaries.

"It's going to be a spectacle," said Brigid Harrison, a political-science and
law professor at Montclair State University.

Prosecutors plan to lay out a familiar theory of a politician who used his
considerable influence for his own benefit.

"The story is about the pervasiveness of corruption in the state," Harrison
said. "It serves to underscore the cynicism voters already have about the
self-interestedness . . . of elected officials."

This kind of drama has played out before, but Bryant's case remains unique.

Former State Sen. Sharpe James was convicted this year of corruption, but the
charges related to his actions as mayor of Newark.

Former state Senate President John Lynch also went down, but years after he left
politics, and he pleaded guilty before he was indicted.

In Bryant's case, the trial could provide a long - prosecutors estimated six
weeks to present their case - and rare glimpse into Trenton machinations.

It's not known if Bryant has been offered or is considering a last-minute plea
agreement. His attorney, Carl Poplar, did not return phone calls, and the U.S.
Attorney's Office declined to comment.

Proving the type of bribery alleged at the heart of the case can be difficult,
legal experts said.

"There's a feeling of inevitability in this that may not be fair," said Ingrid
Reed, director of the New Jersey Project at the Eagleton Institute of Politics
at Rutgers University. "It could be that Wayne Bryant does feel like he has a
good case."

A conviction could bring a long sentence. Guidelines are based on the loss to
taxpayers, and U.S. Attorney Christopher Christie estimated last year that
Bryant, 60, could face at least 24 years in prison.

Bryant is accused of holding three no-show jobs that nearly tripled his public
pension. He faces pension-fraud charges for misrepresenting how much work he did
in two of those jobs.

Prosecutors said Bryant had solicited one of those jobs in 2002 from the
president of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. A few
months later, he was given the position of "program support coordinator" at
UMDNJ's School of Osteopathic Medicine in Stratford.

The osteopathic school's dean, R. Michael Gallagher, has been charged with
arranging Bryant's job and then "cooking the books" to make the job appear
legitimate.

Prosecutors said Bryant had done almost no work, spending most of his limited
time on campus reading newspapers.

Instead, prosecutors said, Bryant was paid to use his influence as chairman of
the Senate Budget and Appropriations Committee to direct millions of dollars to
UMDNJ.

The indictment details a number of instances when Bryant lobbied public
officials and used his Senate office to the university's benefit, without
disclosing that he was on its payroll.

He also did not tell his fellow senators, including those on the budget
committee, prosecutors said.

Bryant did not include his UMDNJ employment on the financial-disclosure form he
submitted in 2004. He listed the job in 2005, but prosecutors noted that he had
done so eight days after the university announced it was hiring a former state
Supreme Court justice to examine "a breakdown in financial controls at UMDNJ."

Many of Bryant's activities were uncovered and reported by a federal monitor
that UMDNJ had accepted to avoid Medicaid-fraud charges.

The indictment said Bryant had lobbied a former state commissioner of human
services, a former commissioner of health and senior services, and a former
state treasurer for funding for the university.

All three of those former officials could be witnesses.

Bryant also signed a letter in 2002 supporting Gallagher's promotion to dean.
Three other Camden County legislators - Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts,
Assemblyman Louis Greenwald, and Sen. John Adler - signed the letter, as did
Gloucester County Sen. Stephen Sweeney.

The FBI interviewed all four about the letter, but it's not known if any will be
called to testify.

Neither side has filed public witness lists with the court.

Three of the four legislators said last year that their involvement with the
letter had been innocent, and that Bryant hadn't been the one to ask them to
support Gallagher's promotion.

They said Gallagher, a nationally known headache expert, had been an excellent
candidate for dean.

In court motions, Bryant's attorneys said the charges do not accuse him of
taking any action that he wouldn't have taken if UMDNJ hadn't employed him.

And other experts have noted Bryant has been accused of lobbying for funding for
some worthy projects, including a children's support center and a cancer
institute at UMDNJ.

Bryant's attorneys said the indictment "charges bribery without a bribe."

There are no wiretaps in the case, and prosecutors have not alleged that there
was an explicit agreement for Bryant to aid the university in exchange for his
employment.

Edwin Stier, a former federal and state prosecutor in New Jersey, said the
bribery often could be inferred, but "these issues are very fact-sensitive."

"A lot of times in these cases, it depends on when these conversations took
place," he said. "If it was all part of the same conversation, it's very easy to
infer quid pro quo."

He said prosecutors may compare what kind of funding Bryant directed to UMDNJ
before and after he became an employee there. But the defense can argue he had
independent reasons.

"I'm sure, knowing Carl Poplar, he's going to have a very cogent argument . . .
about how you can take the same facts in the indictment and say, 'Wait a minute.
It's not so sinister,' " Stier said.

Defense attorneys have told the prosecutors that they don't have evidence or
exhibits to share before the trial. That could mean they plan to rely solely on
attacking the government's case to create reasonable doubt.

Bryant did not run for reelection last year after he was indicted, and Reed said
the case "feels like old business."

"The sense of loss and disappointment has passed," she said.

But Reed and Harrison agreed that Trenton insiders would pay close attention to
the trial. Harrison said many probably were "hoping that their name's not
mentioned."

"On some level, I think this might temporarily check some elected officials'
behavior," Harrison said, "but it would be a rare scenario that someone
extraordinarily corrupt would clean up their act because Wayne Bryant has been
put on trial."

Contact staff writer Troy Graham at 856-779-3893 or tgraham@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            September 7, 2008 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Trial of ex-State Sen. Wayne Bryant set to start

BYLINE: By Troy Graham; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1175 words


With more than 100 public officials convicted for corruption in the last seven
years, New Jersey residents have gotten used to politicians passing through the
criminal dockets.

But the trial of former State Sen. Wayne R. Bryant, scheduled to begin tomorrow
with jury selection in federal court in Trenton, could top them all.

The Camden County Democrat - the man who once held the state's purse strings -
is arguably the most powerful and well-known New Jersey politician to be
indicted in recent memory. And witnesses could include former cabinet officials,
Senate staffers, and other Trenton luminaries.

"It's going to be a spectacle," said Brigid Harrison, a political-science and
law professor at Montclair State University.

Prosecutors plan to lay out a familiar theory of a politician who used his
considerable influence for his own benefit.

"The story is about the pervasiveness of corruption in the state," Harrison
said. "It serves to underscore the cynicism voters already have about the
self-interestedness . . . of elected officials."

This kind of drama has played out before, but Bryant's case remains unique.

Former State Sen. Sharpe James was convicted this year of corruption, but the
charges related to his actions as mayor of Newark.

Former state Senate President John Lynch also went down, but years after he left
politics, and he pleaded guilty before he was indicted.

In Bryant's case, the trial could provide a long - prosecutors estimated six
weeks to present their case - and rare glimpse into Trenton machinations.

It's not known if Bryant has been offered or is considering a last-minute plea
agreement. His attorney, Carl Poplar, did not return phone calls, and the U.S.
Attorney's Office declined to comment.

Proving the type of bribery alleged at the heart of the case can be difficult,
legal experts said.

"There's a feeling of inevitability in this that may not be fair," said Ingrid
Reed, director of the New Jersey Project at the Eagleton Institute of Politics
at Rutgers University. "It could be that Wayne Bryant does feel like he has a
good case."

A conviction could bring a long sentence. Guidelines are based on the loss to
taxpayers, and U.S. Attorney Christopher Christie estimated last year that
Bryant, 60, could face at least 24 years in prison.

Bryant is accused of holding three no-show jobs that nearly tripled his public
pension. He faces pension-fraud charges for misrepresenting how much work he did
in two of those jobs.

Prosecutors said Bryant had solicited one of those jobs in 2002 from the
president of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. A few
months later, he was given the position of "program support coordinator" at
UMDNJ's School of Osteopathic Medicine in Stratford.

The osteopathic school's dean, R. Michael Gallagher, has been charged with
arranging Bryant's job and then "cooking the books" to make the job appear
legitimate.

Prosecutors said Bryant had done almost no work, spending most of his limited
time on campus reading newspapers.

Instead, prosecutors said, Bryant was paid to use his influence as chairman of
the Senate Budget and Appropriations Committee to direct millions of dollars to
UMDNJ.

The indictment details a number of instances when Bryant lobbied public
officials and used his Senate office to the university's benefit, without
disclosing that he was on its payroll.

He also did not tell his fellow senators, including those on the budget
committee, prosecutors said.

Bryant did not include his UMDNJ employment on the financial-disclosure form he
submitted in 2004. He listed the job in 2005, but prosecutors noted that he had
done so eight days after the university announced it was hiring a former state
Supreme Court justice to examine "a breakdown in financial controls at UMDNJ."

Many of Bryant's activities were uncovered and reported by a federal monitor
that UMDNJ had accepted to avoid Medicaid-fraud charges.

The indictment said Bryant had lobbied a former state commissioner of human
services, a former commissioner of health and senior services, and a former
state treasurer for funding for the university.

All three of those former officials could be witnesses.

Bryant also signed a letter in 2002 supporting Gallagher's promotion to dean.
Three other Camden County legislators - Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts,
Assemblyman Louis Greenwald, and Sen. John Adler - signed the letter, as did
Gloucester County Sen. Stephen Sweeney.

The FBI interviewed all four about the letter, but it's not known if any will be
called to testify.

Neither side has filed public witness lists with the court.

Three of the four legislators said last year that their involvement with the
letter had been innocent, and that Bryant hadn't been the one to ask them to
support Gallagher's promotion.

They said Gallagher, a nationally known headache expert, had been an excellent
candidate for dean.

In court motions, Bryant's attorneys said the charges do not accuse him of
taking any action that he wouldn't have taken if UMDNJ hadn't employed him.

And other experts have noted Bryant has been accused of lobbying for funding for
some worthy projects, including a children's support center and a cancer
institute at UMDNJ.

Bryant's attorneys said the indictment "charges bribery without a bribe."

There are no wiretaps in the case, and prosecutors have not alleged that there
was an explicit agreement for Bryant to aid the university in exchange for his
employment.

Edwin Stier, a former federal and state prosecutor in New Jersey, said the
bribery often could be inferred, but "these issues are very fact-sensitive."

"A lot of times in these cases, it depends on when these conversations took
place," he said. "If it was all part of the same conversation, it's very easy to
infer quid pro quo."

He said prosecutors may compare what kind of funding Bryant directed to UMDNJ
before and after he became an employee there. But the defense can argue he had
independent reasons.

"I'm sure, knowing Carl Poplar, he's going to have a very cogent argument . . .
about how you can take the same facts in the indictment and say, 'Wait a minute.
It's not so sinister,' " Stier said.

Defense attorneys have told the prosecutors that they don't have evidence or
exhibits to share before the trial. That could mean they plan to rely solely on
attacking the government's case to create reasonable doubt.

Bryant did not run for reelection last year after he was indicted, and Reed said
the case "feels like old business."

"The sense of loss and disappointment has passed," she said.

But Reed and Harrison agreed that Trenton insiders would pay close attention to
the trial. Harrison said many probably were "hoping that their name's not
mentioned."

"On some level, I think this might temporarily check some elected officials'
behavior," Harrison said, "but it would be a rare scenario that someone
extraordinarily corrupt would clean up their act because Wayne Bryant has been
put on trial."

Contact staff writer Troy Graham at 856-779-3893 or tgraham@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Poll: NY voters call Albany corruption serious

BYLINE: Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


Aug. 12--ALBANY -- Most New York voters think corruption is a serious problem in
Albany, though most are unfamiliar with the anti-corruption commission the
governor shuttered in April, according to a poll released Monday.

The Siena College poll also showed 81 percent don't know who U.S. Attorney Preet
Bharara is. An outspoken critic of Albany corruption, Bharara has taken the
files of the Moreland commission and subpoenaed papers and emails of
commissioners themselves following a newspaper report the Cuomo administration
interfered in the commission's selection of investigative targets.

"Voters are focused on pocketbook issues," said Siena pollster Steven Greenberg.

Asked about the most important issue for them in considering this fall's
election for governor, 28 percent said jobs, 21 percent taxes, 20 percent
education and 17 percent said corruption.

The poll showed only 2 percent of likely voters said hydraulic fracturing for
New York's natural gas reserves, tied up in studies of the potential health and
environmental impacts, was their top issue. Only 1 percent said their top
concern was guns and the state's gun-control law. Another 10 percent said it was
some other issue or they didn't know.

However, 47 percent said corruption in state government is a very serious
problem and 39 percent say it's somewhat serious. Meanwhile, 67 percent say they
were unfamiliar with the Moreland commission's work.

Established last year by Gov. Andrew Cuomo to examine Albany's pay-to-play
political culture and campaign donations, the commission's investigations were
halted by Cuomo this spring after he got agreement from lawmakers to enact a
limited version of campaign finance reform. It established a new enforcement
office at the state Board of Elections, enacted some new anti-bribery provisions
and authorized public campaign financing in the state comptroller's race.

The poll last week of 863 registered likely voters had a margin of error of 3.3
percentage points.

___ (c)2014 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140812-NF-Poll-NY-voters-call-Albany-corruption-serious-0812-20140812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2014 Niagara Gazette


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            January 11, 2013 Friday

HA consolidation pilloried;
Mariano: Well intentioned, but a `catastrophe'

BYLINE: John J. Monahan, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 953 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Gov. Deval L. Patrick is proposing to replace the state's 240 local public
housing authorities with a system of six regional housing authorities, arguing
that consolidation would produce better management, reduce political corruption
and save tens of millions of dollars that could be used to improve housing for
tenants.

The sweeping changes, already triggering a harsh backlash from some housing
officials around the state, was prompted in part by fraud and corruption
uncovered at the Chelsea Housing Authority last year, Mr. Patrick said.

The Chelsea Housing Authority director, Michael E. McLaughlin, had been giving
himself an inflated and unreported $360,000 salary. He is under investigation
for misusing millions in federal housing funds to benefit himself and others.

The governor's plan calls for the regional housing authorities to take over
ownership and operation of the local housing projects and apartments that
provide 83,000 homes for seniors and low-income residents around the state.

Mr. Patrick pointed out that California, with five times the population of
Massachusetts, has only 118 housing authorities, less than half the number in
Massachusetts. While many Massachusetts housing authorities function well, he
said, some do not.

"A number of recent incidents have exposed the need for more transparency and
accountability, better performance and greater efficiency," the governor said,
adding that his proposals would "modernize, simplify and professionalize" the
housing system.

"We owe the residents and the public no less," Mr. Patrick said.

Worcester Housing Authority Executive Director Raymond V. Mariano said Thursday
he believes the governor's intentions to improve housing authority performance
and operations have merit. However, he believes the plan is unworkable and will
likely be widely opposed around the state.

"The governor's desire to raise the bar for housing authorities is appropriate,"
Mr. Mariano said, adding that smaller housing authorities stand to benefit
greatly from sharing expertise and management resources available in larger
municipal housing authorities through a regional approach.

But he said, "As this was explained to me, it's a catastrophe. You would
eliminate any local participation on boards, and I think the local housing
authority boards can be a real asset in terms of keeping their fingers on the
pulse of the community."

Another problem, he said, is that the proposal would require all local housing
authority employees to lose their jobs and have to reapply for those jobs
through the newly-established regional state administration offices.

In Worcester, he said, that would affect all 200 housing authority employees who
work at the city's 24 housing projects.

"We are talking about thousands of employees who would lose their jobs and have
to reapply for their jobs," around the state, Mr. Mariano said.

"You can have a more regional approach - I don't disagree. But the way they are
going about it is so clumsy. There are regional housing authorities that exist
now, and that is a model that exists that would allow you to do this," Mr.
Mariano said.

The governor's plan calls for the proposed regional housing authorities to take
ownership of all state and federal public housing assets and take responsibility
for oversight and operation of them. Six regional housing authority boards,
which Mr. Patrick envisions as having some local representation and being
appointed by the governor, would oversee regional authorities headed up by an
executive director.

The governor said recent housing agency scandals revealed a lack of
accountability, patterns of misrepresentation, and a lack of oversight of local
public housing management that needs to be addressed.

He said Lt. Gov. Timothy P. Murray, whose public image has been smudged by his
previous close association with Mr. McLaughlin, approved of the proposed
reforms. Mr. Murray's relationship with Mr. McLaughlin included frequent
consultations and allegations that Mr. McLaughlin was improperly involved in
fundraising for Mr. Murray's political campaigns.

"He (Mr. Murray) feels as betrayed, indeed, I would say more betrayed, than
anyone. Here is a guy who misrepresented, as I say, with the federal government
and state government," the governor said of Mr. Murray's view of the need for
reforms.

Mr. Murray did not attend Mr. Patrick's Statehouse press conference Thursday,
but did issue a statement endorsing the plan.

"The plan builds on the administration's agenda to increase regionalization of
services at the local level and allow housing programs to better meet local
demands," Mr. Murray wrote. "Housing authorities are an important part of the
state's housing infrastructure, and we need to provide solutions that will
improve the effectiveness of these facilities for the long term."

Mr. Patrick said he expects the changes will be politically difficult, but he
believes they are necessary. He said he expects many issues raised by the
changes, including the transition of local housing workers to the new regional
authorities, will be worked out over the next year before the plan would be
implemented.

Building managers and custodial and maintenance staff would remain at public
housing facilities, answering to the regional authority. The more than 1,000
locally appointed housing authority board member positions, some of which are
paid, would be eliminated.

Mr. Patrick said legislative leaders have told him they will keep an open mind
in reviewing the proposals.

The governor said the legislation will allow municipalities to develop local
advisory boards.

The plan is expected to run into strong local opposition by housing officials
and possibly lawmakers who would have to approve it.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
(1) Worcester Housing Authority Executive Director Raymond V. Mariano believes
the governor's plan to improve housing authority performance is unworkable. (2)
Worcester Housing Authority Executive Director Raymond V. Mariano, left, speaks
to U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development New England Regional
Director Richard A. Walega at the Worcester Housing Authority in 2010.
(1) T&G File Photo/MARK C. IDE (2) T&G File Photo/TOM RETTIG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 16, 1993, Friday

Symptoms of corruption

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 2

LENGTH: 449 words


Corruption in government?

We like to think corruption doesn't take place around us. Generally speaking,
Gwinnett has had good government these past few years.

Yet a person must keep ever alert. Back in 1973, United Press International
suggested ways readers could learn in a do-it-yourself test to detect corruption
in their state and local governments. The story idea came from a study by the
National Advisory Commission on Criminal Justice Standards and Goals. We'll
reprint some of the findings here.

As you take this test, if you give a preponderance of "Yes" answers, it
indicates the presence of an atmosphere conducive to corruption. Here are the
questions, and we'll make no further comment.

Do respected and well-qualified companies refuse to do business with the city,
county or state?

Are government contracts let to a narrow group of firms?

Is competitive bidding not required?

Are there frequent "emergency contracts" for which bids are not solicited?

Are kickbacks and reciprocity regarded by the business community as just another
cost of doing business?

Is illegal gambling conducted without much interference from authorities?

Do investigations of police corruption generally result in merely a few officers
being transferred from one precinct to another?

Is there no special state unit charged with investigating organized crime and
the conduct of public employees?

Does one encounter long delays when applying for a driver's license, for the
issuance of a building permit, or for payment in connection with services
rendered the city or state?

Are office-seekers spending more of their personal funds campaigning for
political positions than the cumulative salary they would receive as incumbents
during their term of office?

Is there no merit system incorporated into civil service procedures?

Are patronage appointments extensive?

Do government salaries fail to approximate what could be earned in comparable
private sector positions?

Is moonlighting by government personnel not regulated?

Is it common knowledge that jury duty can be avoided or a ticket fixed?

Have public officials accepted high posts with companies having government
contracts?

Do the media fail to report the existence of organized crime within the
community or state?

Are complainants in judicial proceedings frequently not notified of the date
they are supposed to appear in court?

Are court fines regarded as a source of revenue for the municipality?

Are key public officials not required to disclose sources of income and the
nature of their investments?

Are records of official government agencies closed to public inspection?

Are archaic laws still on the books?

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931300001

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             June 14, 2014 Saturday

Sobering statistics

LENGTH: 247 words


A new study demonstrates statistically what Pennsylvanians know anecdotally:
Public corruption not only diminishes public trust in government but adds to
taxpayers' financial burden.

Published in Public Administration Review, the study used Justice Department
data for 1976 through 2008. That left out at least 26 Pennsylvania public-
corruption convictions since 2010 "" yet the Keystone State still ranked among
the most corrupt states, where taxpayers paid about $1,308 more per person than
in states with average corruption levels.

Corruption hits taxpayers' wallets by distorting spending. The study found the
most corrupt states spend more on prisons, roads and construction "" projects
susceptible to ill-gotten personal gain "" than on education, health and
welfare.

The findings make sense to James West, formerly Central Pennsylvania's chief
federal prosecutor. But former Gov. Tom Ridge says "you can't deny"
Pennsylvania's history of public corruption "" then denies that very history,
saying he'd "absolutely reject" the notion that Pennsylvania deserves to be
known as the State of Corruption.

Such willful blindness toward the tawdry reality played out repeatedly in
courtrooms and prisons is as unhelpful to the cause of curbing public corruption
as is the "everybody does it" mindset that permeates Harrisburg. Taxpayers must
hope that the financial effects this study documents provide additional
motivation to end public corruption "" and the attitudes that foster it.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Washington: Two Former Vice Presidents at Bristol Virginia Utilities Authority
Plead Guilty

LENGTH: 889  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

During separate hearings today in the United States District Court for the
Western District of Virginia in Abingdon, two former Vice Presidents of Field
Operations for the Bristol Virginia Utilities Authority pled guilty to federal
conspiracy charges related to their individual receipt of kickbacks.

Robert James Kelley, Jr., 61, of Lexington, Va., waived his right to be indicted
and pled guilty today to a one-count Information charging him with a
multi-object conspiracy to commit mail fraud, money laundering and to the
defraud the United States.

In a separate hearing today, David Copeland, 44, of Bristol, Va., also waived
his right to be indicted and pled guilty to a one-count Information charging him
with a multi-object conspiracy to commit wire fraud and money laundering.

"The investigation and prosecution of public corruption on all levels continues
to be one of our top priorities," Acting United States Attorney Anthony P.
Giorno said today. "In addition to the economic consequences, kickback schemes
such as the one carried out by Mr. Kelley and Mr. Copeland compromise the
public's trust in the individuals and companies that are supposed to be serving
the best interests of their customers and the taxpayers."

"Public corruption is the FBI's top criminal investigative priority. Corruption
in the governmental contracting process deprives taxpayers of the essential
services they are owed by their government and shakes their faith in the
system," said Adam S. Lee, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Richmond
Division. "The conspiracy between Mr. Kelly and Mr. Copeland caused harm, not
simply by stealing taxpayer money through illegal kickbacks; their scheme caused
harm to the community by subverting a process it should be able to rely upon to
serve its members."

"Kelley's and Copeland's conduct in this fraud scheme is egregious, not just
because of the dollars involved but because of their abuse of power. By
exploiting their positions, they were able to line their pockets using fraud and
deceit," said Thomas J. Kelly, Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal
Investigation, Washington D.C. Field Office. "The message to lawbreakers should
be clear, we will continue to aggressively investigate crimes involving
financial fraud and in particular fraud that erodes the public's confidence."

According to information presented at today's guilty plea hearings by Assistant
United States Attorney Zachary Lee, Kelley Jr. was the Vice President of Field
Operations for the Bristol Virginia Utilities Authority [BVU] from January
2006-February 2009. During his tenure, Kelley Jr. was responsible for approving
billing invoices submitted to the utility authority, including invoices provided
by Company #1, which performed contract work for BVU.

Kelley Jr. admitted today that between January 2006 and February 2009 he
approved false invoices submitted by Company #1 for work not actually completed.
These false invoices resulted in at least $330,510 in fraudulent billing by
Company #1 to the BVU. Kelley Jr. approved these invoices knowing they contained
false information. In addition, Kelley Jr. also prepared false invoices that he
sent to Company #1 that falsely claimed he had done consulting work for Company
#1 through his own RJK Consulting business. Kelley admitted today that he took
these actions because he was paid at least $160,000 in kickbacks as proceeds
from the fraudulent billings by Company #1. Additionally, he failed to report
his $160,000 kickback income on his 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009 tax returns.

During a separate hearing, David Copeland, who was the Vice President of Field
Operations for BVU from March 2009-February 26, 2015, admitted that on or about
and between January 1, 2010 and December 31, 2013, Company #1 submitted false
invoices to Copeland for work not actually completed by Company #1 on behalf of
BVU pursuant to a Virginia Tobacco Commission grant provided to the utilities
authority. These false invoices reflected fraudulent amounts of rock drilling
adder relating to the boring through of rock in order to lay fiber optic cable.
These false invoices resulted in at least $143,000 in fraudulent billing by
Company #1 to BVU. After receiving payment from BVU, Company #1 conducted
financial transactions to convert portions of the funds it received from BVU as
a result of the fraudulent billings to cash in order to disguise its origins. In
this case, $40,000, was then paid to Copeland.

At sentencing, each defendant faces a maximum possible penalty of five years in
prison and/or a fine of up to $250,000. In addition, Kelley, Jr. has agreed to
pay a forfeiture money judgment in the amount of $165,000, and also has agreed
to pay restitution in the amount of $330,510. Copeland has also agreed to pay a
forfeiture money judgment in the amount of $50,000, and has agreed to pay
restitution in an amount of at least $144,000.

The investigation of the case was conducted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation.
Assistant United States Attorney Zachary Lee will prosecute the case for the
United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Defense lawyers in turnpike case invoke 'Kane Doctrine' on quid pro quo

LENGTH: 727  words


Defense lawyers in a turnpike corruption case on Tuesday tried to turn Attorney
General Kathleen Kane's reason for aborting a legislative corruption probe
against her.
The defense attorneys argued prosecutors presented no evidence that top turnpike
executives performed any official act in exchange for gifts.


"The ethics commission has repeatedly held that acceptance of a gift is not
unlawful," said William Fetterhoff, lawyer for former turnpike Chief Operating
Officer George Hatalowich, charged with bid-rigging, bribery, corrupt
organizations and conspiracy. "The gift by itself is not a violation of the
law."
Kane last month defended a decision to drop an investigation against four
Philadelphia lawmakers and a judge - who received cash and jewelry from a
lobbyist-turned-informant - in part because she said the lawmakers performed no
official act in return for the gifts.
A lobbyist facing fraud charges, Tyron B. Ali, recorded conversations for state
prosecutors with the public officials over three years while wearing a body
wire. Kane cited potential racial profiling, lack of adequate supervision and no
apparent underlying suspicion for offering bribes as reasons for dropping the
case.
The decision by Kane, the first Democrat elected to the office, sparked a
political furor.
The reasoning may be used as part of a defense motion to throw out the turnpike
charges, said Mark Sheppard, attorney for Jeffrey Suzenski of Pottstown, a
turnpike vendor charged with restricted activities.
Kane spokesman J.J. Abbott called the comparison "apples and oranges."
"An 85-page grand jury presentment detailed an elaborate scheme by the
defendants to enrich themselves and their campaigns in exchange for turnpike
business," Abbott said. "These arguments by the defense are a desperate attempt
to distract from the alleged crimes of their clients."
Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams has said he may prosecute the case
if Kane steps aside.
Calling her comments the "Kane Doctrine," Scranton attorney Daniel Brier
suggested it is inconsistent for Kane's office to press charges against his
client, former Senate President Pro Tempore Robert Mellow, D-Lackawanna County,
when there is no evidence of Mellow doing anything in return for a PNC Bank
executive who paid for trips and concert tickets.
The executive paid for trips with Mellow to New York Yankees games, a dinner in
his honor in Manhattan and limo rides to events. A former top aide of Mellow's
testified Mellow helped PNC get bond work at the turnpike. His lawyers say the
PNC bank official was a close personal friend, and they took turns paying for
baseball game trips.

"The commonwealth acknowledges it has no quid pro quo evidence against Bob
Mellow," Brier told Dauphin County Judge Richard Lewis.
But Wes Oliver, a Duquesne University law school professor, said Kane had cited
a variety of reasons for not prosecuting. Lack of "quid pro quo" was only one.
It's rare in the first place for a prosecutor to outline why charges weren't
filed, he said.
The lawyers were in court for a hearing on a motion by the turnpike commission
to protect agency data that prosecutors may turn over to defense attorneys,
claiming it contains sensitive and personal information about employees.
Prosecutors claim ex-turnpike employees, the senator and vendors took part in
corrupt events - such as contract awards and raising campaign money - as they
received gifts and trips, and were entertained at barbecues and poker games. The
charges range from commercial bribery for some, to conflict of interest.
Former turnpike CEO Joe Brimmeier of Ross, a longtime Democratic operative,
doesn't want the computer data from prosecutors entangled in the turnpike's
legal arguments. Brimmeier wants a trial as soon as possible to clear his name,
attorney William Winning said.
"Joe Brimmeier is an innocent man entitled to a speedy trial where he will be
exonerated," Winning said after the hearing.
Brimmeier is charged with unlawful bid-rigging, corrupt organizations,
commercial bribery and one count of criminal conspiracy.
Seven people face charges, six related to charges under the "pay to play"
scheme.
David Shapiro, lawyer for former chairman Mitchell Rubin of Philadelphia, said
there was no evidence linking fundraising or contributions for certain official
actions.
© 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Area calendar Daily Digest How Time Flies

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 414 words


TUESDAY

Open house for prospective students, Paul Mitchell the School; 6-8 p.m. Tuesday,
1503 E. College Ave., Normal; 309-862-3400, Ext. 702.

â[#x20ac]oeSay Goodbye to Weed Allergiesâ[#x20ac]; 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, Eureka
Public Library.

NEWS IN BRIEF

State corruption topic of speech

NORMAL â[#x20ac]" Political corruption in Illinois will be the topic of Orland
Park author Ed Hammer, who will speak 12:35 p.m. Sept. 8 in 130 Schroeder Hall,
Illinois State University.

Hammer was an investigator in the inspector generalâ[#x20ac][TM]s office when
former Gov. George Ryan was secretary of state. Hammerâ[#x20ac][TM]s testimony
help convict both Ryan and Inspector General Dean Bauer.

Names sought for Man of Year award

BLOOMINGTON â[#x20ac]" Nominations are sought for the Extraordinary/Ordinary Man
of the Year award, which celebrates men who share their time and positively
impact othersâ[#x20ac][TM] lives and their communities.

To nominate a candidate or for more information, visitÂ
www.collaborativesolutions.org.Â Nominations are due by Sept. 16.

Winners and nomineesÂ will be recognized Oct. 6. Collaborative Solutions
Institute is a non-profit organization that counsels families and individuals.

HOW TIME FLIES

By Jack Keefe | jkeefe@cbhoa.com

100 years ago

Aug. 29, 1911: The first Bloomington man to fly in an aeroplane is J. Dwight
Funk, who went up Sunday during a visit to Chicago. He was one of several
spectators who took a turn to fly with C.P. Rodgers. As for Bloomington itself,
no aeroplane has landed here yet.

75 years ago

Aug. 29, 1936: There was a demonstration TV broadcast the other day in
Philadelphia. Few people saw it because there are few TV sets and fewer
stations. At the conclusion, engineers and spectators declared the new medium
works, but that it isn't quite perfected yet.

50 years ago

Aug. 29, 1961: Construction will begin in October on the new Calvary Methodist
Church at 629 Jersey Avenue in Normal. Reverend Miles Jackson is the pastor.
This will be phase one. The other two phases, if built, will be expansion of the
sanctuary and an education wing.

25 years ago

Aug. 29, 1986: Dancers, a new club, will cater to the under-21 set with music
and dancing but no alcohol. The owners are Scott Riddle and Chuck Profilet. They
say young people need a place to go at night. The club will be at 111 East
Beaufort in Normal.

CUTLINE:

PUB:  The Pantagraph

PUB DATE:  20110829

Section:  News

EDITION:  Main

QRKPAGE:  0

PAGE SLUG:  A2

XMLFILE:  TXT-447775843.txt

DOC NAME:  A02 082911 A2 stuff

CREATOR:

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: /* //JCL004 EXEC JCL004,COND=(0,NE), // USER=<RPCODE>, // OWNER=I03 //
//I1A<RPCODE> JOB (PR,33FB,0,99,0,,,,,0A0F00FA,0A0C00CQ,A4858,), // 'NEWSVIEW:
<RPCODE>', // MSGCLASS=X, // CLASS=I /*ROUTE XEQ DCC /*JOBPARM
S=ANY,PROCLIB=PROCIPOP /*ROUTE PRINT DCC //JOBLIB DD
DSN=PI00.LPA00.EXECLIB,DISP=SHR // DD DSN=PI00.LPA99.EXECLIB,DISP=SHR //RJEIP
EXEC MDCRJEDK, // USER=<RPCODE>, // OWNER=I03 //SYSUT1 DD *

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Pantagraph


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              June 4, 2010 Friday

The Nation: Alaska plane crash victims in stable condition

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 432 words


PORTLAND, ORE.
Crash victims in stable condition

An Oregon doctor says three family members injured in a plane crash in
Anchorage, Alaska, are in stable condition and face long, painful recoveries.

Dr. Nick Eshraghi said Thursday that Preston Cavner, his wife, Stacie, and their
2-year-old son, Hudson, are sedated and on respirators. They are at Legacy
Emanuel Hospital.

They were in a plane that Preston Cavner was flying when it crashed Tuesday soon
after takeoff. It burst into flames in a business district busy with rush-hour
traffic. Passers-by pulled the victims from the plane.

Another passenger, 16-year-old Rachel Zientak, is being treated at the
Harborview Burn Center in Seattle.

The Cavners' 4-year-old son, Myles, died.

CHICAGO
Blagojevich corruption trial begins

The corruption trial of Rod Blagojevich began Thursday, 18 months after
authorities arrested him at home at dawn one day and accused him of trying to
sell the Senate seat that President Barack Obama had vacated for the White
House.

A smiling and relaxed-looking Blagojevich arrived at federal court with his
wife, Patti, and stepped into a gantlet of about 30 waiting cameras and
reporters. He hugged supporters and thanked them on his way into the courthouse.
That included a group of women with signs, including May Farley, 78, of
Elmhurst, who held a placard saying, "Rod's not cuckoo. Rod's not guilty."

"I feel great," said Blagojevich, who denies any wrongdoing. "The truth shall
set you free," he told one well-wisher as he shook the man's hand.

Since being ousted from office, Blagojevich has pleaded his case to the public
from radio to reality TV.

WASHINGTON
Jail population declines for first time since '82

The nation's local jail population has declined for the first time since the
federal government began keeping count, officials said Thursday, two weeks after
reporting a drop in the crime rate.

The number of inmates in county and city jails was about 767,600 at the end of
last June, down by nearly 18,000 inmates from a year earlier.

Growth in the U.S. jail population has been slowing since 2005. The latest total
was down 2.3percent and represented the first decline since the Bureau of
Justice Statistics began its annual survey of jails in 1982.

The reversal took place as crime in the United States fell dramatically. Violent
crime fell 5.5percent last year, and property crime was down 4.9 percent, the
third straight year of declines.

The drop in local jail populations, like the crime decline, coincided with the
economic downturn that has taken a heavy toll on city and county budgets.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 10, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Diplomat-Parking-Violation Corruption Index, The

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER SHEA

SECTION: Section 6; Column 3; Magazine; THE 6th ANNUAL YEAR IN IDEAS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 400 words


Social scientists who study corruption have long debated the relative importance
of legal incentives and cultural norms (''people like us don't do that'') in the
decision to act for or against the public good. Many economists lean toward the
view that most people will act similarly, given similar incentives, and that
cultural norms are less important.

In an ingenious study published in June, however, the Columbia University
economist Raymond Fisman and Edward Miguel of the University of California at
Berkeley argued that culture plays a powerful role. The two scholars studied
parking tickets that were racked up in Manhattan by diplomats from 146 countries
who were posted to the United Nations. In a situation in which every diplomat
essentially received an invitation to be corrupt, diplomats from nations with
''clean'' governments said, ''No, thanks.''

The study began with the observation that, until late 2002, there was
essentially zero enforcement of parking rules where diplomats were concerned.
Diplomats were ticketed, but few if any cars were towed, and no one demanded
payment. Using public records stretching back to 1997, Fisman and Miguel
identified which diplomats had delinquent tickets, and how many -- 150,000 in
all, representing more than $18 million in fines.

If incentives trumped culture, you would suppose that diplomats from every
nation would cheat. But in fact, attaches from Canada, Ireland, Scandinavian
nations and Japan evidently drove around the block till they found a spot.
(Diplomats with few or no unpaid tickets also tended to get few tickets,
period.) The worst offenders, meanwhile, came from Kuwait (246 unpaid tickets
per diplomat), Egypt, Chad, Sudan, Bulgaria, Mozambique, Albania, Angola and
Senegal. This behavior correlated strongly with the scores of diplomats' home
countries on a measure of public corruption compiled by World Bank researchers.

Of course, legal incentives were hardly irrelevant: over time, individual
diplomats from ''clean'' countries did cheat more, as they learned how the
system worked. But the initial scofflaws' cheating grew even faster. (An
interesting side note: the more anti-American the population of a diplomat's
home country, the more likely he or she got tickets.) Diplomats, Fisman and
Miguel concluded, ''bring the social norms or corruption culture of their home
countries with them.''    CHRISTOPHER SHEA


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: THE DIPLOMATIC-PARKING-VIOLATION CORRUPTION INDEX (CHART BY
CATALOGTREE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                              May 14, 2001 Monday

New Orleans' Metropolitan Crime Commission researches relationship between crime
and city's economy

BYLINE: Ian McNulty

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words


Researchers with the Metropolitan Crime Commission are now evaluating how local
prosecutors decide to charge or release a prisoner arrested in New Orleans or
Jefferson Parish, and the time it takes for that person to come before a judge.

From one perspective, it is a question of money. Once someone is convicted, he
or she becomes the responsibility of the state; until then, local tax dollars
pay for the stay in parish prison.

From its start, the commission has dealt with the relationship between crime and
the economy, whether stemming from the malfeasance of corrupt public officials
or the stigma a high crime rate carries for a city.

The commission got its start in 1952, when the New Orleans City Council formed a
committee to look into allegations of corruption within the police department.
The council soon disbanded this committee, but commission director Rafael
Goyeneche says the business community wasn't satisfied. Private citizens formed
the Metropolitan Crime Commission the same year; to this day it has run entirely
on private funding.

"They recognized that a crime-ridden community and a corruption-ridden community
were not conducive to business growth," says Goyeneche. "That same feeling is
why we're strong today."

Research projects represent a relatively new line of work for the commission. It
is better known for funneling tips to law enforcement agencies, such as through
its weekly Wanted by the Law column in The Times-Picayune featuring photos of
local fugitives, and its investigations of government and police corruption. But
Goyeneche says research has been catching on over the past few years as citizens
and government agencies look for data and objective analysis to drive policy
decisions.

"That's the strength of what a citizens commission can do. We're not playing
politics," Goyeneche says. "It's always beneficial to have citizen involvement
in government. But most (people) don't have the time or expertise to
meaningfully monitor and ask the right questions."

Many of the commission's staff members are former police officers or attorneys,
including Goyeneche, who was a prosecutor in New Orleans prior to joining the
commission in 1986.

While research has risen in importance, the commission's other two program
areas, street crime and public corruption, have kept the staff as busy as ever.
The commission offers cash rewards for tips from the public, which can be
anonymous, and Goyeneche says their efforts have helped nab 3,500 fugitives in
the past seven years. A commission hotline for reporting illegal guns or guns
used in crimes has recovered 680 weapons in the same period, he says.

The commission also acts as a haven for whistle blowers in the public sector. A
public corruption hotline registers about 100 calls each month, in addition to
reports made on the commission's regular phone line. Of all reports of public
corruption, Goyeneche says about 20% have enough merit to lead to some kind of
action. The commission does not have the power to subpoena suspects, but it can
gather information for law enforcement agencies. After talking with sources, the
commission can sometimes present investigators with evidence that leads to
arrest or dismissal.

Still, Goyeneche says there is a tendency for people to stew over public
corruption rather than report it. "There is a reluctance in the business
community to come forward with proof of corruption. They'll talk about it at
cocktail parties but when the time comes to provide the information, it doesn't
happen as much as it could," he says.

He hopes the recent conviction of former Gov. Edwin Edwards for corruption while
in office will show people that they can get results.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: United States Assists Korean Authorities in Recovering Over $28.7
Million In Corruption Proceeds of Former President of the Republic of Korea

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The Department of Justice has reached a settlement of its civil forfeiture cases
against $1.2 million in assets in the United States traceable to corruption
proceeds accumulated by Chun Doo Hwan, the former president of the Republic of
Korea. The department also assisted the government of the Republic of Korea in
recovering an additional $27.5 million in satisfaction of an outstanding
criminal restitution order against former President Chun.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Director Sarah R. Saldaña of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE)­­ and Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of the FBI's
Los Angeles Field Office made the announcement after the settlement was signed
and papers requesting that the court execute the agreement were filed with the
U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.

"Chun Doo Hwan's campaign of corruption and bribery while serving as Korea's
president betrayed the trust of the Korean people, deprived Korea's government
of precious resources and undermined the rule of law," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "Fighting corruption is a global imperative that demands a
coordinated global response. The close cooperation between the United States and
Korea in successfully recovering corruption proceeds stands as a testament to
our resolve to battle the scourge of corruption through international
collaboration."

"Former Korean President Chun violated the trust of the people of Korea," said
Director Saldaña. "The results in this case reflect the outstanding
international cooperation that exists between U.S. law enforcement and the
government of Korea."

"The U.S. will not idly standby and serve as a money laundering haven for
foreign officials to hide corrupt activities," said Assistant Director in Charge
David Bowdich. "The FBI will continue to collaborate with our foreign partners
by leveraging its resources in order to identify those engaged in foreign
corruption and to recover their ill-gotten gains."

According to court documents, President Chun was convicted in Korea in 1997 of
receiving more than $200 million in bribes from Korean businesses and companies.
President Chun and his relatives laundered some of these corruption proceeds
through a web of nominees, trusts and shell companies in both Korea and the
United States.

Under the terms of the U.S. settlement, $1,116,951.45 in assets will be
forfeited to the United States. During the joint U.S.-Korean investigation,
approximately $27.5 million in additional funds were paid by an associate of
former President Chun to the Korean government to partially settle the judgment
entered against former President Chun upon his criminal conviction. Including
the settlement announced today, the U.S. and Korean authorities have recovered
more than $28.7 million in connection with Korea's investigation and prosecution
of former President Chun.

The investigation was conducted jointly by the FBI's West Covina Resident Agency
of the Los Angeles Division, ICE's Homeland Security Investigations' (HSI)
Philadelphia Office, HSI's Attaché in Seoul, South Korea and the FBI Kleptocracy
Program of the International Corruption Unit within the Criminal Investigation
Division. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Woo S. Lee and Della
Sentilles of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Katharine Schonbachler and Steven R. Welk of
the Central District of California, and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Minni
and Alvin Stout of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The Criminal Division's
Office of International Affairs provided substantial support.

The department is grateful for the significant assistance provided by the Seoul
Central District Public Prosecutor's Office, Korea's Supreme Prosecutor's Office
- Anti-Corruption Supervisory Division and the Ministry of Justice's
International Criminal Affairs Division in investigating and forfeiting these
corruption proceeds.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative by a team
of dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section, working in partnership with federal law enforcement agencies
to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where appropriate,
return those proceeds to benefit the people harmed by these acts of corruption
and abuse of office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             May 29, 2008 Thursday

Scope of FBI inquiry greater than thought

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 666 words



 Video: Watch a Times/Channel 9-KTSM newscast on this story.

 Download: U.S. District Judge Frank Montalvo's ruling

The current FBI public corruption investigation is probably bigger than anyone
expected and will likely take two or three more years to be completed, a
national expert said Thursday after more details of the 4-year-old investigation
became public.

U.S. District Court Judge Frank Montalvo on Wednesday denied a motion to make
the case public.

In doing so, he revealed details of the case that disclosed its magnitude,
including that it began in 2004, not 2005, as had been reported.

"This case is bigger than any of the well-known major corruption investigations
that have occurred in New York or Chicago," said Peter Henning, a Wayne State
Law University professor in Detroit who specializes in public corruption
investigations. "This is a very extensive case, and once people get indicted and
people go to court, it will be years before it is over."

Since 2002, more than 100 public officials in New Jersey have been convicted of
federal public corruption charges. In Chicago in 1995, six city representatives
were convicted of accepting bribes.

No one has been indicted in the El Paso investigation, but seven people have
pleaded guilty to various bribery and fraud charges.

While previous court records implicated about 20 El Pasoans in the case,
Wednesday was the first time it was revealed that as many as 80 "persons of
interest" were involved in the investigation. Montalvo's opinion also revealed
that:

     ·    Twelve different investigations are ongoing.Of the 80 persons of
          interest implicated, 35 are past or present elected officials, 13 are
          lawyers and three are former or current judges.2,300 boxes of evidence
          have been seized by the FBI.154 people were told their telephone
          conversations were intercepted.And thousands of dollars have been
          seized from several El Paso businessmen.


"For all of this to play out," Henning said, "it will be at least a year before
any indictments."

When asked about the size and scope of the investigation, David Cuthbertson,
special agent in charge of the FBI's El Paso division, would only say: "The FBI
is conducting this case in such a way that careful consideration is given at
each investigative juncture, due to its magnitude and importance to the El Paso
community. We are devoting the necessary resources and time to this case to
ensure that the rights of the innocent are preserved and the strongest evidence
possible is presented to the U.S. Attorney's Office."

However, at an FBI citizens academy graduation last week, lead investigator
Special Agent Jay Abbott described the El Paso investigation as one of the most
significant public corruption cases in the United States.

He also said this is a history-making case for the community.

El Paso historian Leon Metz, who continually researches El Paso's history, said
he has never encountered any investigation of this size in El Paso. "This is
unique. Offhand, I can't remember reading about or hearing about any
investigation of this size."

In his ruling, Montalvo also talked about the size and impact of the
investigation.

"The court is well aware of and understands the public's keen interest in the
proceedings and documents associated with this case. On every occasion in which
a hearing and documents have been held confidentially, the Court has weighed the
public's right of access against the Government's need to maintain the integrity
of its lengthy, complex and ongoing investigation into public corruption, which
the media itself has conceded is critically important to the community's future
prospects," the judge wrote.

In his ruling, Montalvo did order some records to be unsealed, including the
bond orders and release orders for the seven people who have pleaded guilty.
None of those records were available late Thursday.

Ramon Bracamontes may be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6142.



     ·    Watch a Times/Channel 9-KTSM newscast on this story and download the
          judge's ruling.


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

CT energy lobbyist charged in N.Y bribery scheme

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: New York



 West Hartford: University of Hartford has issued the following news release:



   A Connecticut attorney employed by a power plant developer was one of eight
men charged in an alleged New York scheme involving more than $315,000 in bribes
to a former aide of Gov. Andrew Cuomo in exchange for assistance with a proposed
power plant, prosecutors said in documents unveiled Thursday.





 Preet Bharara, the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York as well
as officials from the FBI and IRS announced the public corruption charges, which
they said arise from "two separate but overlapping schemes involving bribery,
corruption, and fraud in the award of hundreds of millions of dollars in New
York State contracts and other official state actions."



 Cuomo aide Andrew Percoco, who left his position in late 2015, was one of the
nine defendants indicted, along with the president of SUNY Polytechnic Institute
and several Buffalo-based developers.



 Peter Galbraith Kelly Jr., 53, of Canterbury, was also indicted. He worked as
outside counsel and advisor for Competitive Power Ventures (CPV) starting in
2000 and in 2008 became senior vice president of external relations for the
company, which has just started construction on a 785-megawatt power plant in
Oxford. CPV said Thursday night that Kelly was no longer working for it.



 The court documents allege that Kelly conspired with another man to funnel more
than $287,000 to Percoco in exchange for his assistance securing a
power-purchase agreement for a proposed New York power plant as well as a deal
allowing CPV to purchase lower-cost emissions credits in New York for a proposed
plant in New Jersey.



 Prosecutors also allege that Kelly, also known as "Braith," created a $90,000
job at CPV for Percoco's wife at his request.



 On Thursday afternoon, Kelly's employment status at CPV was unclear. He was no
longer listed on CPV's website. Thursday evening, CPV released the following
statement:



 "CPV takes the charges handed down today very seriously. We are extremely
disappointed in the alleged conduct, which is in direct contradiction to CPV's
core values and expectations of our staff. Braith Kelly is no longer employed at
the company. We will continue to cooperate fully with this investigation until a
final determination is made."



 The court documents released Thursday do not name CPV specifically, only
referring to it as "the Energy Company," but the New York Times and other major
news outlets have said they've confirmed the company referenced is CPV.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com









LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

Blatter going out is better for all of soccer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


So Sepp Blatter is resigning as president of the pustule of corruption that is
the Federation Internationale de Football Association. Anybody hear a barn door
slam?

Even as the U.S. Department of Justice leveled indictments against 14 FIFA
associates last week and, along with the Swiss government, predicted more to
come, the world soccer organization re-elected Blatter to a fifth term. Word on
the soccer blogs is that lower-tier officials are unlikely to protect the top
guy. That realization might be what made Blatter think twice about claiming to
be the one who could clean up FIFA.

Also, reports Wednesday revealed that in 2013, Chuck Blazer, who headed the
North and Central American arm of FIFA, pleaded guilty to taking and
facilitating bribes for World Cup locations and agreed to help investigators.
Click: A light bulb switches on.

There's so much to say about FIFA's outrageous spending. But the evidence of, at
a minimum, moral corruption was the awarding of World Cup games to Russia in
2018 and, even worse, in 2022 to Qatar, where nearly 200 migrant workers a year
are dying building the sites - mostly from heat and inhumane conditions. In its
defense, Qatar says its own workers would die as regularly if they were doing
the job. Oh, that's a comfort.

Nations known for corruption and human rights outrages should not be awarded the
World Cup or Olympic Games. The ideal outcome of this investigation would be
canceling those contracts, which are part of the investigation.

It's hard to imagine all this ending the corrupt nature of FIFA, given the money
to be made. But we're glad to see law enforcement taking it on.

Of course the Bay Area still loves soccer - whether on school fields or in the
classy new home of the Bay Area's San Jose Earthquakes, Avaya Stadium, which
won't need to bribe anyone to attract games.

Contact Your Representatives

- Mayor Osby Davis - Email: mayor@ci.vallejo.net; Phone: (707) 648-4377.

- Vice Mayor/Councilmember Jesus "Jess" Malgapo - Email:
jmalgapo@ci.vallejo.net; Phone: (707) 648-4131.

- Councilmember Bob Sampayan - Email: bsampayan@ci.vallejo.net; Phone: (707)
648-4130.

- Councilmember Robert H. McConnell - Email: rmcconnell@ci.vallejo.net; Phone:
(707) 648-4135.

- Councilmember Katy Miessner - Email: kmiessner@ci.vallejo.net; Phone: (707)
648-4133.

- Councilmember Rozzana Verder-Aliga EdD - Email: rverder-aliga@ci.vallejo.net;
Phone: (707) 648-4134.

- Councilmember Pippin Dew-Costa - Email: pdew-costa@ci.vallejo.net; Phone:
(707) 648-4132.

- Solano County Board of Supervisors

675 Texas St. Suite 6500

Fairfield, CA, 94533

Phone: (707) 784-6100

Fax: (707) 784-7975

Email: cao-clerk@solanocounty.com

- Members:

Erin Hannigan, Chairwoman, Supervisor, District 1.

John Vaszuez, Vice Chair, Supervisor, District 4

Linda Seifert, Supervisor, District 2

Jim Spering, Supervisor, District 3

Skip Thomson, Supervisor, District 5

Writing us

Letters can be emailed to opinion@timesheraldonline.com, or sent via mail to:
Letters, Vallejo Times-Herald, 440 Curtola Parkway, Vallejo, CA, 94590.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            April 12, 2008 Saturday

Political cash game?

BYLINE: By Kevin McDermott;kevin.mcdermott@lee.net

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 881 words


SPRINGFIELD - Facing ominous implications from a federal corruption trial, Gov.
Rod Blagojevich vehemently insists that he never engages in "pay-to-play"
politics.

But records show political donors from around the country pay into the Illinois
governor's campaign fund, and they're definitely major players in state
contracting under his administration.

A review of campaign contributions from about 50 of the state's top-paid
contractors found about half have been significant contributors to Blagojevich.
They include consultants, auditing firms and others from across the country.
They have loaded up Blagojevich with five- and six-figure campaign donations
while reaping millions in service contracts.

Such circumstances are legal and common in Illinois. But the issue has become
potentially explosive in light of the ongoing federal corruption trial of
Blagojevich fundraiser Antoin "Tony" Rezko in Chicago.

"If what we're seeing now (in the Rezko trial) doesn't revive this issue, I
don't know what will," said state Rep. John Fritchey, D-Chicago, who has
sponsored legislation to ban state contractors from contributing to the
politicians who control those contracts.

Rezko is accused of using his clout with the administration to squeeze state
contractors for bribes. In one instance, he's accused of trying to coerce a
would-be contractor into raising money for Blagojevich's campaign fund.

Blagojevich hasn't been charged. But the government's case against Rezko refers
to an unnamed "Public Official A" (recently identified in court as Blagojevich),
who allegedly said he could steer state contracts in exchange for campaign
fundraising.

Blagojevich denies any involvement.

"It doesn't matter what letter of the alphabet it is," he told reporters in
February. "What was described there (in the court documents) doesn't describe me
or how I do things."

None of the contractors whose contributions were examined by the St. Louis
Post-Dispatch is involved in the Rezko case. Several, contacted recently, said
their donations had nothing to do with getting or keeping state business - and
that there's nothing in Illinois law to prohibit what they're doing.

"We work in every state, every major city and county, and also do work for the
federal government," Rachael Rowland, spokeswoman for Maximus Inc., wrote in an
e-mailed statement, explaining why the Virginia-based governmental consulting
firm donated $25,500 to Blagojevich.

Like other contractors interviewed, she said the contributions weren't tied to
the company's Illinois state contracts, worth $7.6 million this year. "Maximus
supports candidates and officials at the state and local levels of government
that share our 'good government' philosophy," Rowland wrote.

Said Jim Kerr of Unisys Corp. of North Dakota, "Like other companies, we do make
selected political contributions in compliance with internal policy and
applicable laws." The company has made $15,000 in donations to Blagojevich, and
has $2 million in state contracts this year.

Findings show link

The Post-Dispatch compared a list of about 50 of the state's top-paid service
contractors this year (as identified by the Illinois comptroller's office, which
tracks contract payments) with Blagojevich's campaign donor list since he first
ran for governor in 2002.

The comparison was a sample, and wasn't intended to be a comprehensive
definition of how much of Blagojevich's massive campaign fund (more than $10
million raised in 2006 alone) was provided by contractors. For example, the
review didn't search for company officers or employees who might have donated
under their own names. Nor did it look at any of the state's thousands of
lower-grossing contractors.

The review found:

-  Dozens of the state's top-grossing contractors in legal work, auditing
information technology and other key areas have routinely made major donations
to Blagojevich's campaign fund since 2002.

-  In all, more than $1 million in contributions have come into Blagojevich's
coffers from about two dozen of the companies sampled. Those companies are
making tens of millions of dollars from state contracts under his
administration.

-  The firms often had state contract work before Blagojevich was governor. In
many cases, though, the scope of that work increased dramatically under
Blagojevich.

- Many contractors are based in far-flung states and would have no obvious
reason to contribute to an Illinois governor. A Dallas-based technology company,
a North Dakota consulting firm and a Kansas City engineering firm are among
those that have given money to Blagojevich while getting business from his
administration.

No limit

Unlike laws in most states, Illinois law doesn't limit the size of campaign
donations - even from companies that do business with the state.

"There are only a handful of states that even allow this," noted Illinois reform
lobbyist David Morrison.

According to the Federal Election Commission, the vast majority of states either
impose contribution limits on all donors, or place specific restrictions on
entities that do business with the state - or both.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 15, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

Former Senate Aide Charged With Corruption;
Top Assistant to Hecht Accused of Misuse of Office in Case Related to S&L Crisis

BYLINE: David Maraniss, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A20

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 14, 1989


The top aide to former senator Chic Hecht (R-Nev.) was indicted today on
political corruption charges in a case related to the scandal-plagued savings
and loan industry.

Glen N. Mauldin was indicted in San Antonio on charges that, in return for a
promise of 10 percent interest in 10 savings and loans, he illegally used his
congressional office to help a group obtain federal approval of several S&L
deals in Texas and oil and fishing ventures on the Caribbean island of Grenada.

Mauldin was Hecht's administrative assistant until the senator lost his
reelection bid in 1988.

The 22-count indictment resulted from a 15-month investigation code-named
"Operation Dundeal" and conducted by the offices of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the U.S. attorney in San Antonio. Also indicted were
Washington lobbyist Vincent P. Lachelli and two oil-state businessmen, Darrell
A. Tomblin, of Houston, and William Murray Abroms, of New Orleans.

The investigation of Mauldin, as with many thrift-industry cases under way in
Texas, began when a former savings and loan official about to be indicted told
federal officials that he could help them catch bigger fish.

The former executive, Leo Ledouceur, was wired with secret recording devices
during 1988 and parts of this year and participated in numerous meetings with
Mauldin, Lachelli, Tomblin and various officials at the Federal Home Loan Bank
Board and elsewhere.

U.S. Attorney Helen Eversberg, of San Antonio, said the conspiracy began with an
effort by Tomblin to gain control of San Antonio Savings and then take over nine
more thrifts. Mauldin, according to the indictment, was brought in to help
Tomblin persuade federal officials to approve his application to purchase San
Antonio Savings.

Mauldin and Tomblin allegedly joined San Antonio businessman Danny Gonzalez in
the effort to gain control of the thrift. Gonzalez, unbeknownst to them, was a
partner of Ledouceur.

In his effort to aid Tomblin, the indictment said, Mauldin helped him gain a
meeting with M. Danny Wall, chairman of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, which
controls savings and loans. Wall later told FBI agents what was discussed at the
meeting and, Eversberg said, was not a target of the investigation.

"My recollection is that these guys came in and talked about what they were
going to do with San Antonio Savings," Wall said in an interview. "And Mauldin
said it was a great application and I ought to approve it. And I told them I
would take a look at it if I got it."

Asked if Hecht was a target, Eversberg said: ". . .  He cooperated with the FBI
when they originally contacted him. He was not charged in the indictment, and he
wasn't alleged to have received any of the bribes."

According to the indictment, Mauldin performed several favors for Tomblin and
his associates in the savings and loan scheme and the ventures in Grenada.

In the former, the indictment said Mauldin wrote letters using Hecht's
stationery to the FHLBB seeking approval for the San Antonio Savings purchase,
placed several telephone calls to FHLBB officials from Hecht's office and sought
a waiver of FHLBB practices regarding competitive bids in the cases of the 10
thrifts that Tomblin was seeking.

In the Grenada venture, the indictment says that Mauldin wrote a letter of
introduction to the prime minister on Hecht's stationery and eventually met with
ranking Grenadan officials to make a case for Tomblin's plans.

The indictment says Tomblin sought to build an oil refinery in Grenada and win a
U.S. Navy contract to buy the oil. Mauldin, according to prosecutors, contacted
the Agency for International Development seeking a $ 35 million grant for
Tomblin to build the refinery and contacted the Navy to see if it might purchase
the fuel.

Mauldin and his codefendants were arrested this morning and appeared at bond
hearings this afternoon. None could be reached for comment later in the day.

The key informers in the case, Ledouceur and Gonzalez, entered guilty pleas
today in different cases in which they were accused of making fraudulent savings
and loan transactions known as "land flips," selling one piece of property back
and forth several times in one day to increase its value artificially.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             April 24, 1970, Friday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 7

LENGTH: 85 words

NYC Mayor Lindsay repts formation of special com to rev procedures for
investigation of police corruption; move follows rept that NY Times has begun
survey of police corruption; Lindsay says new com will analyze record in several
corruption cases over past few yrs to learn if new procedures would have been
helpful; confs on corruption problem with city's dist attys, Comrs Leary and
Ruskin and Corp Counsel Rankin; new com to be headed by Rankin; includes Leary,
Ruskin and Dist Attys Hogan and Roberts; por

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1970 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 12, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Life isn't always a Mardi Gras / New Orleans knows crime, and corruption

BYLINE: Carol J. Castaneda

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 895 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


Evelina Bashful says she's afraid to leave her home near the St. Thomas housing
project after dark.

She knows that's when bullets will begin to ricochet wildly in and around the
rundown, red-brick dwellings. "I just pray the Lord be with me," says a fearful
Bashful as she washes clothes at a neighborhood laundromat where "Bang, bang" is
spray-painted on the door.

Just two miles away, Cheryll Goodman lives in a different world. But she, too,
knows fear.

Goodman, 48, recalls a young woman being killed two blocks from her
painstakingly restored Victorian mansion. A security guard - an off-duty police
officer - is as much a fixture at Goodman's large parties as the uniformed
staff.

"Right now people are scared and they don't feel safe," she says.

"You don't want your party to be in the papers the next day because someone you
know was mugged. You want to be in the social section, not in the burglary
reports."

In New Orleans, a vibrant city known for hospitality and warmth, wealthy and
poor live side-by-side. But fear is pervasive.

Although overall violent crime is down, FBI data shows that among cities with
populations of 100,000 or more, New Orleans has the highest murder rate. There
have been 401 murders this year, compared with 389 for all of 1993.

Ironically, the police have become inextricably linked with fear. The
1,500-person police force is in the throes of an unfolding corruption scandal
spawned by drug money.

This year alone, 115 officers have been suspended and 24 fired for taking money
from people they arrested, using excessive force, snorting cocaine - and even
murder.

Last week, nine officers were charged in federal court with accepting bribes to
protect a cocaine operation run by undercover FBI agents. One is accused of
ordering the slaying of a woman who saw him beating a teen-ager.

"I will not defend the New Orleans Police Department because I was elected to
clean it up," says Mayor Marc Morial, in office since May. "The federal
investigation is a blessing in disguise. We had to be tough; bad cops had to go.
We're not going to tolerate corruption and brutality."

Morial pushed a nightly teen curfew, started a summer jobs program and beefed up
the city's recreation program. He also named a new police chief, Richard
Pennington, who is reorganizing the department.

Many blame the corruption on the low pay given the city's police officers. With
rookies making about $ 13,500, many officers take second jobs to make ends meet.

"We got to thank God for things like this or I wouldn't make enough money," says
officer George Waguespack, who was moonlighting as a guard at a pizza parlor.

There's also a live-and-let-live attitude: "Corruption is tolerated," says
Charles Hadley, a political science professor at the University of New Orleans.
"We're very laid back."

The crime statistics apparently haven't affected tourism, the city's $ 3 billion
mainstay industry.

In the French Quarter, police keep up a visible presence to reassure tourists.
It seems to work.

"Every city is going to have a lot of crime if it's big enough," says Jery
Fortenberry, 47, of Cleveland, Miss., as she sips beer at Central Grocery,
renowned for its muffuletta Italian sandwiches. "You hope things don't go on,
but they do."

Officials worry about the city's image, but say visitors are seldom targets for
slaying.

"We have a problem with the murder rate, but who's getting killed?
African-Americans, principally involved in the drug trade, and young people,"
says Morial.

In a city where 60% of the residents are black, more than half the killings were
black-on-black slayings.

Four tourists have been killed in the last three years, says Police Sgt. Barry
Fletcher.

Residents must still cope with their fears.

"I got friends that won't park near my house because they're so afraid," says
Diana Wightman, 32, who lives in the picturesque lower Garden District.

Hadley says burglars have broken into his house 14 times. Once, they ripped off
the window locks; next, the burglar bars. An alarm system finally scared them
away. "It still doesn't dissuade me," says Hadley, who insists he isn't leaving.

Highest 1994 homicide rates

New Orleans had the highest homicide rate in the first six months of 1994 among
cities with over 100,000 population. Cities with 10 highest rates per 100,000
population:
New Orleans             48.21
Richmond, Va.           37.99
Washington              34.60
St. Louis               30.49
Detroit                 24.70
Birmingham, Ala.        23.44
Inglewood, Calif.       23.08
Atlanta                 22.09

San Bernardino, Calif.  20.66
Dayton, Ohio            20.07

Violent crime by the numbers While homicides rose 37% in New Orleans in the
first half of 1994, compared with the same period in 1993, overall violent crime
dropped 2%. Number of violent crimes reported during the 6-month periods:
             1993           1994              Change
Homicide       173            237              +37.0%
Rape           136            177              +30.0%
Robbery      2,388          2,397                +.4%
Assault      1,991          1,771              -11.0%

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Sam Ward, USA TODAY, Source: Analysis of FBI Uniform
Crime reports by Barbara Pearson, USA TODAY (Bar graph, Chart); PHOTOS, b/w,
Jerry Ward (2)

THE NATION; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 31, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition

An 'Old-Boy Network' but No Corruption;
Customs Service Inquiry Urges Overhaul of Management in Texas

Brent Mitchell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A19; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 600 words


A review board that investigated allegations of corruption in the U.S. Customs
Service's Texas offices has proposed an overhaul of policies to fix widespread
mismanagement and cronyism, but found no evidence of system-wide corruption,
according to Customs officials.

Customs Service Commissioner Carol B. Hallett called a news conference yesterday
to announce that she will implement changes to eliminate what she called an
"old-boy network" in the Texas offices.

Francis A. Keating II, the Department of Housing and Urban Development general
counsel who chaired the panel, said Hallett was "stunned" when the panel told
her about whistle-blower reports that were not investigated and managers who
were not doing their jobs.

"The organization needs a major management overhaul and healthy doses of
discipline," Keating said. "There are simply too many repeat instances of
failure to address problems, mismanagement and incompetency. . . . It is
surprising to us that Customs is as successful as it is."

Hallett did not release the report yesterday because it is still in a draft
form. But in an interview Keating listed several of the 51 findings the panel
found discouraging:

Agents are hired without face-to-face interviews.

Agents are not supervised adequately and are assigned to their home towns, where
opportunities for corruption are greatest.

Supervisors are not trained sufficiently and do not show the initiative needed
for problem-solving.

Managers can rule on agents' complaints in their own office.

The service does not investigate reports of mismanagement.

"Mismanagement and incompetency fester," Keating said. "People who are
identified as incompetent or incapable of performing their duties should be
removed."

Hallett outlined procedural changes and new policies yesterday, and said no
individuals will be fired or transferred as a result of the panel's report. She
said she knows the names of supervisors who favored agents but will not
discipline them if they implement the new policies.

"We are not looking for cyclones of confusion," Hallett said. "We are looking
for winds of change."

The proposed changes include hiring an associate commissioner to head reform
efforts, evaluating offices to weed out unqualified agents, and instituting
regular transfers to keep new agents from staying too long in an area. Hallett
said she will also strengthen the internal affairs division.

The changes will affect Customs operations nationwide because Hallett said she
believes the problems are not restricted to the Texas region.

The commissioner said she has faith in the service's officers, who have
intercepted a record amount of narcotics this year in the southwest Texas area
covered by the report. Although Hallett and Keating said every law enforcement
agency has some corrupt members, both said the Customs Service received a clean
rating in the report.

Hallett commissioned the review panel in May to investigate press reports about
widespread corruption in an area that includes Houston, Brownsville and San
Antonio. The nine members, five from outside the service, interviewed more than
150 people in Customs, the Drug Enforcement Administration, U.S. attorneys'
offices and law enforcement organizations.

In her opening statement, Hallett said the poor management in the Texas region
resulted from the Customs Service's growth during the 1980s.

She said the management system was outpaced by expansion in the "war on drugs,"
leaving managers to rely on personal relationships to do their jobs, and the
revisions are an effort to remedy this.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CAROL B. HALLETT

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             June 13, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE SOUTHEAST

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 378 words


Slain pastor's wifeis indicted in death

SELMER, TENN. - The wife of a minister who was shot to death in his church's
parsonage was indicted Monday on a charge of premeditated murder.

Mary Winkler, indicted by a McNairy County grand jury, has been in custody since
the day after the March 22 slaying of Matthew Winkler. Authorities have said she
confessed, but they haven't disclosed a motive.

Mr. Winkler, 31, a minister at the Church of Christ, was found dead in his
bedroom after he didn't show up for a service.

His 32-year-old wife and the couple's young daughters were found the next night
in Orange Beach, Ala.

Ms. Winkler has not entered a plea and is in jail in Selmer, about 80 miles east
of Memphis.

Defense closes case in corruption trial

MONTGOMERY, ALA. - De-fense teams in the federal government corruption case
against former Gov. Don Siegel-man, ex-HealthSouth CEO Rich-ard Scrushy and two
others rested their cases Monday in rapid succession after spending a little
more than a day calling witnesses.

Mr. Siegelman's attorney, Vince Kilbourn, did not call any witnesses and rested
shortly after attorneys for Mr. Scrushy and Mr. Siegelman's former chief of
staff, Paul Hamrick, had wrapped up their cases.

Earlier Monday, the defense for former state transportation Director Mack
Roberts, which had begun its rebuttal Friday afternoon, did the same. None of
the four defendants was called to testify.

The short defense presentations came after prosecutors had spent six weeks
trying to prove that Mr. Siegelman traded government favors for gifts and
campaign contributions when he was governor and lieutenant governor from 1995 to
2003.

Environmentalists fight plan for Interstate 3

KNOXVILLE, TENN. - An environmental group has started a campaign against the
proposed Interstate 3 through Georgia and east Tennessee, saying the road would
make air quality and traffic worse.

The Harvey Broome Group of the Sierra Club is working on petitions and
resolutions from county commissions and city councils against I-3.

The 450-mile highway would start in Savannah, Ga., and run through the mountains
of Georgia, North Carolina and Tennessee before connecting to Interstate 75 in
Knoxville. Officials have estimated it would cost about $50 billion.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SOUTHEAST BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Obama top ally in senate indicted on corruption charges

LENGTH: 383  words


WASHINGTON (C[#x130]HAN)- The senior Democratic Senator from New Jersey has been
indicted by the Justice Department on charges of corruption.
Democratic Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey will resign as ranking member, or
top Democrat, on the US Senate Foreign Relations panel, Senate aides said on
Wednesday, and Menendez's press secretary announced he would appear in court in
Newark on Thursday.


The senator has denied all allegations of wrongdoing. Speaking to reporters in
Newark on Wednesday, Menendez said he was "outraged" that prosecutors had been
tricked into pressing the charges for political motives in an attempt to silence
the senator.
"I will be vindicated," he said, "and they will be exposed."
The charges against Menendez stem from corruption allegations in regards to his
relationship with a Florida-based ophthalmologist, Salomon Melgen.
A top member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Menendez faced
allegations of using his position to grant political favors for Melgen. The
ophthalmologist had contributed $700,000 to Menendez's 2012 Senate race,
according to government watchdog Open Secrets.
A joint investigation by the FBI and DOJ investigated a series of flights
Menendez had taken to the Dominican Republic at Melgen's expense. The Senator
allegedly manipulated the US Customs and Border Protection agency to accept a
contract from one of Melgen's companies.
The charges also relate to the fact that Melgen was one of the main recipients
of Medicare reimbursements after Menendez advocated on his behalf. A federal
audit showed that Melgen had overbilled the government by $8.9 million for both
Medicare and Medicaid payments.
On Monday, the Associated Press reported that federal charges could also be
brought against Melgen.
The Senator has maintained that he hasn't done anything illegal, and that he has
no plans to vacate the Senate.
"We believe all of the Senator's actions have been appropriate and lawful and
the facts will ultimately confirm that," Menendez's press secretary Tricia
Enright said in a press release earlier this month, when the DOJ first announced
its intention to pursue an indictment.
Before the Senate, Menendez spent 13 years in the House of Representatives. A
leading Democrat, he has been a strong ally of the White House. (Cihan/Ria
Novosti)
C[#x130]HAN

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2015 Cihan News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF Ex-sheriff hit with stiffer corruption charges

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 003

LENGTH: 420 words


EX-SHERIFF HIT WITH STIFFER CORRUPTION CHARGES

LOS ANGELES  - Former Los Angeles Sheriff Lee Baca was indicted Friday on
charges of obstructing justice and conspiring with underlings to derail a
federal investigation into corruption and beatings in the nation's largest jail
system.

The charges that carry up to 20 years in prison come just days after Baca
withdrew a guilty plea to lying to investigators and said he would go to trial
to "set the record straight" before he is incapacitated by Alzheimer's disease.

Baca, 74, made the decision knowing federal prosecutors were likely to bring
stiffer charges, but his lawyers said he didn't have much choice when
negotiations collapsed after a federal judge rejected a plea deal as too
lenient. That agreement called for no more than six months behind bars.

Defense lawyer Michael Zweiback said it appeared the judge was seeking several
years in prison, and Baca needed certainty because his condition has already
started to deteriorate.

"We have a very, very small window of time that we believe Mr. Baca's life will
be normal," he said Monday. "If there was a possibility that he was going to go
beyond his good years in prison, then he should go out and fight."

POLICE FATALLY SHOOT MAN AFTER TRYING TO ARREST HIM

EAST POINT, Ga.  - A man suspected of shooting at Atlanta officers last week was
shot and killed Friday after getting into a shootout with authorities trying to
arrest him, a police spokesman said.

East Point police Capt. Cliff Chandler said agents from the U.S. Marshals
Service were trying to arrest the suspect in the July 27 shooting after tracking
him to an apartment complex in East Point. The dead man has been identified as
Jamarion Rashad Robinson, 26.

WIFE AND GIRLFRIEND PUBLISH DUELING OBITUARIES ON MAN

ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.  - Two versions of a New Jersey man's obituary have appeared
together in a newspaper - one saying he's survived by his wife, and the other
saying he's survived by his girlfriend.

Both obituaries in the Press of Atlantic City agree that Leroy Bill Black, of
Egg Harbor Township, died Tuesday of lung cancer caused by fiberglass exposure.

However, the obituary with top billing says he's survived by his "loving wife"
and a son. The second announcement, right beneath the first one with the same
photo of Black, says he's survived by his son, a host of siblings and his
longtime girlfriend.

A person who answered the phone at Greenidge Funeral Home, which is handling
arrangements, wouldn't comment on the two obituaries.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday

Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich arrives for start of corruption trial

BYLINE: By Mike Robinson Assoicated Press

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News; National

LENGTH: 868 words


CHICAGO   A smiling and relaxed-looking Rod Blagojevich arrived at federal court
Thursday for the start of his corruption trial, what the former Illinois
governor says will be the beginning of the end of an 18-month ordeal.

He was with his wife, Patti, and stepped into a gauntlet of about 30 waiting
cameras and reporters. He hugged supporters and thanked them on his way into the
courthouse.

"I feel great," Blagojevich said before walking over & shaking hands with
several supporters. "The truth shall set you free," he told one well-wisher as
he shook the man's hand.

The former governor denies scheming to profit from his power to fill President
Barack Obama's former Senate seat. Jury selection was to start later in the day,
and the federal courtroom is expected to be packed for one of the biggest
political trials ever in the corruption-plagued state.

"We're here, we're ready to start and God willing we will prevail," Blagojevich
attorney Sheldon Sorosky said.

Outside court, one woman carried a placard saying, "Rod's not cuckoo. Rod's not
guilty."

"We like him and he's innocent," said May Farley, 78, of Elmhurst.

Prosecutors, though, see a chance to send a second straight Illinois governor to
prison in one of the biggest political trials ever in this corruption-plagued
state.

"This blows every other political story out of the newspapers and off the air,"
Roosevelt University political scientist Paul Green said.

Blagojevich, 53, has pleaded not guilty to 24 counts including racketeering,
wire fraud, attempted extortion and bribery. He and his co-defendant brother
54-year-old Nashville, Tenn., businessman Robert Blagojevich   deny scheming to
sell or trade the president's old Senate seat for personal gain.

The former governor also is charged with plotting to turn his administration
into a giant moneymaking operation with profits to be divided between himself
and a circle of advisers and fundraisers after he left office.

The Democrat was impeached and ousted about seven weeks after his Dec. 9, 2008,
arrest and has since pleaded his case to the public from radio to reality TV.

It's the latest chapter in U.S. Attorney Patrick J. Fitzgerald's attack on
corruption in a state where politics have long been awash in patronage and
payoffs. Blagojevich's predecessor, Republican George Ryan, is serving a 6½-year
racketeering and fraud sentence.

"The U.S. attorney is trying to bring about a sea change in the political
culture of this state," says DePaul University law Professor Leonard Cavise.

If convicted, Blagojevich faces a maximum of 415 years in prison and fines
totaling $6 million.

On Wednesday, attorneys close to the case said Blagojevich's defense has
subpoenaed White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel as a witness. The attorneys
spoke on condition of anonymity because the subpoena had not been made public.

If Emanuel did take the stand, he might be asked about what effort, if any, the
White House made to get Blagojevich to appoint Obama's friend Valerie Jarrett to
the Senate seat. Jarrett had been mentioned as a candidate but withdrew to
become a presidential adviser. She also has been subpoenaed by the defense, a
White House official said Wednesday on condition of anonymity because of the
ongoing investigation.

Neither Jarrett nor Emanuel is accused of any wrongdoing.

Sorosky said he's not sure if Emanuel and Jarrett will testify, since he doesn't
know who the government will call. But he said he thinks it's "very likely" that
Patti Blagojevich will testify.

Federal prosecutors have 500 hours of secretly recorded FBI wiretaps of
Blagojevich and his associates. But Blagojevich's attorneys have said that the
recordings, if played in their entirety, would show he did not try to sell the
Senate seat.

They say he planned to award it to Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan in
exchange for a deal with her father, House Speaker Michael Madigan, to get tax,
health care and jobs legislation through the House. Prosecutors are expected to
call that deal largely fiction. Neither Madigan has been accused of any
wrongdoing.

Prosecutors have lined up numerous key witnesses to testify at what could be a
four-month trial. Those include Blagojevich's former chiefs of staff John Harris
and Alonzo "Lon" Monk.

Monk, Blagojevich's law school roommate who has pleaded guilty to conspiring to
solicit a bribe in the form of campaign contributions from a racetrack owner,
was with the governor at the outset of his administration and is guaranteed to
be asked about alleged efforts to use the office to generate profit. Harris, who
has pleaded guilty to conspiring to sell the Senate seat, will surely be asked
for full details.

U.S. District Judge James B. Zagel said he plans to question up to 34 jurors a
day until a jury is seated.

Zagel denied a request from five news organizations to reverse his plan to keep
the jury anonymous until after the trial. The media groups said the public has a
right to know who is deciding the case. Those making the request are the Chicago
Tribune, The New York Times, The Associated Press, the Illinois Press
Association and the Illinois Broadcasters Association.

Associated Press Writer Erica Werner in Washington, D.C., contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 12, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Former Rhode Island Governor Pleads Guilty in Corruption Case

BYLINE: By The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Dec. 11


In a surprise ending to one of Rhode Island's biggest corruption cases, former
Gov. Edward D. DiPrete pleaded guilty today to 18 charges of corruption,
admitting that he accepted bribes and extorted money from contractors while in
office.

Despite a long history of corruption, Rhode Island has never seen a governor go
to prison.

Mr. DiPrete, 64, said he made the plea in exchange for leniency for his son, a
co-defendant in the case, which was to have gone to trial next month.

Judge Francis J. Darigan of Superior Court in Providence sentenced Mr. DiPrete
to one year in a minimum security prison.

As a first-time offender, Mr. DiPrete will be eligible for a work-release
program, allowing him to work outside the prison in the day and return at night.

The former governor's son, Dennis L. DiPrete, 40, pleaded guilty today to
committing a campaign finance violation while working on his father's election
committee and was fined $1,000.

In a statement, Edward DiPrete said he regretted taking the money. "The
pressures of raising money for campaign spending obviously clouded my
perspective," he said. "However, I can assure every citizen of Rhode Island that
you received the very best."

Judge Darigan took a harsher view.

Mr. Diprete, a Republican, was Governor from 1985 to 1991. Investigators began
looking into the father and son in 1990. He and his son were indicted in 1994 in
on charges of bribery, racketeering, extortion and perjury. They were accused of
taking nearly $300,000 in bribes from engineers, architects and others in
exchange for state contracts.

In 1994, Thomas F. Fay, the former chief justice of the state Supreme Court, was
convicted of violating ethics laws. Embezzlement and cover up in credit unions
caused the state's banking system to collapse in 1991. In 1984, more than 30
Providence workers and contractors were indicted in on charges including
conspiracy and fraud; 16 went to prison.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             August 22, 2010 Sunday

Timid surge, rampant corruption make U.S. troops sitting ducks

BYLINE: John B. Quigley

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 653 words


COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The July vote in the House of Representatives on funding the
war in Afghanistan should have come as a wakeup call to the Obama
administration. One hundred fourteen members of the House, mainly Democrats,
voted to stop the physical and financial bleeding that the Afghanistan war is
inflicting on the American taxpayer.

And last month a majority in the House of Representatives voted to cut $4
billion from an aid package for Afghanistan, out of concern over the corruption
that Afghan President Hamid Karzai seems unable to stop.



 Petty corruption -- bribes to officials to get permits or to get out of jail on
trumped-up charges -- is worsening. A recent survey by Integrity Watch, a
nonprofit organization that tracks corruption in Afghanistan, showed that the
amounts Afghans must pay to officials have doubled over the last three years.



 Our efforts to stop corruption in aid projects are backfiring. When we sidestep
local officials thought to be skimming, we turn them and other local power
brokers against us. There does not seem to be a way of ensuring that project
funds are used properly without damaging our own interests in the process.



 Just as we are trying to drive the Taliban out of areas they control, the
Taliban seems to be on an offensive of its own, especially in the formerly
secure north of the country. President Asif Ali Zardari of neighboring Pakistan
says that we are losing "hearts and minds" to the Taliban.



 Pakistan figures significantly in the Afghanistan picture. Al-Qaeda now seems
to be stronger in Pakistan than in Afghanistan, raising the question of whether
we are focusing on the right country.



 The troop drawdown promised for summer 2011 will now, according to Defense
Secretary Robert Gates, only be modest. We will apparently maintain a high level
of troops after 2011.



 At the same time, we seem to be giving up on making Afghanistan a peaceful
place under non-Taliban rule. Instead the focus is on targeting high-level
Taliban personnel for assassination.



 Karzai wants to negotiate a settlement with the Taliban -- a solution we have
adamantly opposed. But recent indications are that we are moving closer to
Karzai's approach. Why we need so many troops there with a new, more limited
objective, has not been explained.



 Missile strikes to assassinate inevitably cause "collateral damage." Reports
continue of death to Afghan civilians. U.S. officers and local officials
typically give conflicting accounts of the circumstances and the number of
casualties.



 And a recent directive may make the situation worse. Gen. David Petraeus has
instructed his officers in the field that they are not permitted to restrict
their troops in use of force beyond the rules he sets for the entire army.
Formerly, low-level officers could do so, based on circumstances they find.



 Even though we seem not to be headed toward a favorable outcome in Afghanistan,
we continue to incur unacceptable cost. The financial cost is huge, but the more
serious cost is human.



 Casualty figures have been climbing as we insert more troops and put them into
more exposed situations in rural areas. The death toll is rising for American
troops, but perhaps even more troubling is the high level of serious injuries
that leave soldiers physically or mentally unsound.



 Ironically, our improved medical care for combatants makes the human cost of
warfare more evident. Many who might have died in previous wars are evacuated,
but with injuries that will affect them for the rest of their lives.



 What we are doing in Afghanistan stokes more terrorist violence against us
elsewhere. Our standing in the Muslim world improved when Barack Obama took over
from George Bush. A poll last month shows that it is plummeting. The terrorism
we are in Afghanistan to stop is increasing. The rational approach is an early
withdrawal.







 John B. Quigley is a professor of international law at Ohio State University.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: Patricia M. Ferrick Named Special Agent in Charge of New Haven
Division

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Outgoing Director Robert S. Mueller, III appointed Patricia M. Ferrick special
agent in charge of the FBI's New Haven Division. Ms. Ferrick most recently
served as acting special agent in charge of the Milwaukee Division.

Ms. Ferrick began her career as a special agent with the FBI in September 1987.
She first reported to the Pittsburgh Division, where she investigated organized
crime and narcotics. In 1992, she transferred to the Miami Division and was
assigned to investigate white-collar crime. While there, she led the formation
of the first FBI/FEMA task force to combat government fraud related to Hurricane
Andrew, which served as the model for similar task forces formed in response to
subsequent disasters.

In 1999, Ms. Ferrick was assigned to the Washington Field Office, where she was
subsequently promoted to supervisory special agent of public corruption and
civil rights investigations in Northern Virginia. She received a lateral
promotion in 2003 to the Public Corruption Unit at FBI Headquarters in
Washington, D.C. and in 2004 was promoted to chief of the unit.

Ms. Ferrick left the ranks of management in 2005 and transferred to the New
Haven Division after being selected primary investigator of a high-profile case
involving the governor of Connecticut. Three years later, she was again promoted
to the position of supervisory special agent at FBI Headquarters, where she
managed policy issues related to the FBI's HUMINT program.

In 2010, she was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Minneapolis Division, and in 2012, she returned to FBI Headquarters as section
chief over white-collar crime and intelligence programs.

Prior to her appointment with the FBI, Ms. Ferrick was an officer with the New
York City Police Department.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            February 22, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Attack dog;
In Preet Bharara, crooked politicians in New York have something to fear

SECTION: H,H; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 701 words


It's startling, in a way, that no prior federal prosecutor ever showed the
interest in battling state corruption that U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara has
demonstrated. Based in New York City, Bharara is to public corruption what one
of his predecessors, Rudolph Giuliani, was to the mob: a snarling dog with a
meaty bone. And a lot of authority.

Bharara is what New Yorkers have needed for decades: a federal prosecutor,
perched in a lofty place, eager to use his significant power to break up the
unholy, crooked mess that is New York State government. Last month he chased
down his biggest target so far, former Speaker Sheldon Silver, whom Bharara has
charged with bribery and kickbacks. More cases are in the works, he said.

Bharara's attention is useful for several reasons. First and foremost, he is
holding people accountable for cheating the public. Already, he has charged 11
senators or Assembly members with crimes, including mail fraud, filing false tax
returns, honest services fraud, extortion and making false statements.

Two of those cases are pending - against Silver and Sen. Thomas Libous,
R-Binghamton, the chamber's deputy majority leader. Of the other nine, Bharara's
office has convicted eight. One was acquitted. It is a record that should send
shivers down the spines of elected officials who are using their public offices
to pad their own bank accounts by fleecing the taxpayers of New York.

Beyond that, by routinely finding "creepy crawly" things when he turns over
rocks in state government, he is making it more difficult for local prosecutors
to turn away. Bharara cannot prosecute state crimes, only federal; it is up to
district attorneys to step up and investigate violations of state laws,
including election statutes. By charging at state corruption where he can,
Bharara is setting a standard by which voters can measure state prosecutors as
they take up - or dodge - the cause of honest government.

It's a serious issue. If Silver committed federal crimes in the course of
performing his duties as Assembly speaker, then it is plausible to wonder if he
didn't also commit state crimes. But no district attorney ever took up that
challenge. Are they, too, caught up in the dysfunction of state electoral
politics? Or should Silver be plausibly suspected only of having committed
federal crimes?

Helping to create additional pressure on local prosecutors are new efforts of
New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman, who is focusing on election law
violations. As part of that, he is investigating the activities of the WNY
Progressive Caucus, a campaign fund connected to G. Steven Pigeon, a prominent
and well-connected back-room political player out of Buffalo. Pigeon denies any
wrongdoing by the organization.

But it is Bharara who got the ball rolling in New York. He was already on the
case before Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo  empaneled and then abruptly abolished the
Moreland Commission on corruption. But Bharara picked up where the commission
left off, seizing documents in its possession and continuing the investigations,
this time with the power and independence of a federal prosecutor.

There should be no let-up. New York remains a cesspool of corruption, and
problems are bad enough in New York, Bharara said, that he could quadruple the
staffing of his 12-member Public Corruption Unit and still keep everyone busy.

A review of just the past several years makes the case clearly. Former State
Comptroller Alan Hevesi went to prison for crimes he committed. Former Senate
Majority Leader Joseph Bruno was tried and ultimately acquitted of corruption
charges, but the testimony showed him to be misusing his office. Former Gov.
Eliot Spitzer was playing with prostitutes, a personal rather then public crime,
but right in keeping with the sense of entitlement that pervades Albany. And now
Silver faces charges. If the head of the fish stinks, you can bet the body is
rotten, too.

But this is not merely an enforcement problem; the issue demands the attention
of state lawmakers, themselves. Surely there are enough honest legislators to
draft and pass tough new ethics and disclosure laws that will cause even the
sleaziest of Albany's crooks to think twice. Aren't there?

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            December 30, 2011 Friday

Developer, former county officials at forefront of corruption investigation in
2011

BYLINE: Joe Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1049 words


Investigations into corruption in San Bernardino County advanced in fits and
starts over the past year.

Prosecutors gained ground when former Supvervisor-turned-Assessor Bill Postmus
agreed in March to plead guilty to bribery, conflict of interest and
misappropriation of public funds and to cooperate with the ongoing
investigation.

His testimony bolstered the case and resulted in charges against Rancho
Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum and three other former county officials - former
county Supervisor Paul Biane and former supervisorial chiefs of staff Mark Kirk
and Jim Erwin - related to the county's $102 million legal settlement with
Colonies Partners LP in 2006.

A few months later, in August, Judge Brian McCarville dealt investigators a
major blow when he dismissed five of the seven felony charges filed against
Burum, citing insufficient evidence or prosecutorial error.

McCarville also dropped one charge of misappropriation of public funds against
each of the other defendants.

Prosecutors have appealed McCarville's August dismissal of the charges, while
Burum's attorney, Stephen Larson, has appealed McCarville's upholding of the two
remaining charges against Burum.

"Frankly, the last seven months have been very difficult for Jeff Burum and his
family," Larson said. "Jeff's been accused of crimes he did not commit. We've
known that from the start, and now it's becoming increasingly clear to the
community as the evidence and prosecution's tactics come to light."

State and local prosecutors maintain their case is on solid ground.

"We continue to be confident in the facts of this case, and in order to protect
the integrity of the case and each defendant's right to a fair trial, it would
be inappropriate to comment any further," District Attorney's officials said in
a statement earlier this month.

Just weeks after McCarville dismissed the charges against Burum and the other
defendants in the Colonies' case, FBI and IRS agents served search warrants at
the homes and businesses of the four Colonies' defendants and other figures tied
to the investigation, including the Fontana home and business of former state
Sen. Jim Brulte and the Riverside office of publicist Patrick O'Reilly.

O'Reilly's attorney, Bill Lehman, said he was told by the FBI that O'Reilly is a
witness, not a suspect, in the investigation.

Federal agents sought evidence of bribery, extortion or fraud, including "cash
in an amount or concealed in such a manner as to indicate it is proceeds of
criminal activity" according to one of the search warrants.

The momentum of the investigation this year seems to stem from information
provided to investigators by Postmus, who pleaded guilty in March to 15 felonies
tied to scandals at the Assessor's Office and the county's 2006 settlement with
Colonies.

The settlement ended nearly five years of heated legal battle over who was
responsible for paying for flood control improvements at the developer's
434-acre Colonies at San Antonio residential and Colonies Crossroads retail
center in Upland.

Postmus has agreed to testify against the other defendants in exchange for
reduced charges. As chairman of the Board of Supervisors in 2006, Postmus, along
with Biane and Supervisor Gary Ovitt, voted in favor of the settlement.
Supervisors Josie Gonzales and Dennis Hansberger dissented.

Prosecutors impaneled a criminal grand jury immediately following Postmus' plea,
and interviewed more than 40 witnesses including current and former county
supervisors, lawyers and other high ranking county officials before issuing
indictments.

Postmus also implicated Supervisor Neil Derry when he told prosecutors Derry
laundered a $5,000 campaign contribution from a Highland developer through
Inland Empire PAC, a political action committee Postmus said he controlled.

Prosecutors allege the PAC was one of four such organizations used to launder
bribes to the defendants in the case.

In April, the state Attorney General's Office charged Derry with perjury, filing
false campaign finance disclosure forms and failing to report a contribution. In
July, Derry pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor charge of failing to report the
contribution. The two felonies were dropped, and Derry was allowed to remain in
his elected position as a result.

Derry maintains the prosecution was politically motivated because he pushed to
eliminate take-home vehicles for district attorney investigators to help shore
up the county budget. He also pushed, unsuccessfully, to end the county's
long-standing practice of paying $20,000 in additional annual benefits to San
Bernardino Superior Court judges.

"This was clearly a political prosecution from the beginning in an effort to
remove me from office without cause," Derry said. He called his plea a
compromise, not an admission of guilt and still maintains his innocence.

Larson also criticizes prosecutors, arguing that the case is grossly overcharged
and that most of the charges against Burum are legally defective.

Attorneys for the other defendants make similar arguments and have been
strategizing with Larson. Erwin's attorney, Rajan Maline, has also filed motions
with the court challenging the strength of the prosecution's evidence.

Meanwhile, the federal investigation into Colonies continues.

Larson, a former federal judge, has challenged the legality of the federal
searches in court, requesting that all materials seized from Burum's business
and home be returned. Larson alleged agents lied on a search warrant affidavit
and searched Larson's office without his consent.

Though the court ruled against Larson's argument that the search was illegal and
malicious, prosecutors, in an unprecedented move, granted Larson's request to
return Burum's property and apologized for an error made in the affidavit.

In 2012, Larson said he will continue to demonstrate in court Burum's innocence.

"The charges brought by the District Attorney are wrong as a matter of fact and
as a matter of law. Jeff is innocent," Larson said in a statement. "(Burum) also
has confidence in our justice system, and looks forward to returning full time
to what he used to be known for - building homes and shopping centers, creating
jobs and generating sorely needed tax revenues for our valley, and living in
peace with his family and friends." Reach Joe @SBCountyNow.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left to right: Paul Biane, Jeff Burum, Mark Kirk, and Jim Erwin
sit during a bail reduction hearing in a San Bernardino Superior Courtroom May
12, 2011. The four men were indicted on corruption charges Tuesday for their
involvement in the Colonies Development scandal.
James Erwin, Paul Biane, Mark Kirk (hidden), and Jeff Burum (hidden) leave a
bail reduction hearing in a San Bernardino Superior Courtroom May 12, 2011. The
four men were indicted on corruption charges Tuesday for their involvement in
the Colonies Development scanadal.
From left to right: Colonies scandal defendants Jeff Burum, Mark Kirk, Jim
Erwin, and Paul Biane stand during a motion to delay their arraignment hearing
in a San Bernardino Superior Courtroom June 10, 2011. The arraingment hearing
was postponed to July 1, 2011. The men face charges including conspiracy,
bribery, improperly influencing legislative action, and misappropriation of
public funds.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                              June 3, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

D.A. hires veteran prosecutor to root out city corruption

BYLINE: By MENSAH M. DEAN; deanm@phillynews.com 215-854-5949

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 448 words


Finding and stopping city government corruption is the mission of a new task
force headed by a just-hired veteran prosecutor, Philadelphia District Attorney
Seth Williams announced yesterday.

Patrick Blessington, a former city prosecutor for 11 years who spent the past 14
years in the Pennsylvania Attorney General's Office, is now the D.A. Office's
chief of special investigations, with oversight of the Corruption Prosecution
Task Force.

"Pat will be responsible for long-term investigations and prosecutions often
involving police misconduct, government and city corruption and grand-jury
investigations, similar to the priest-abuse case," Williams said at a news
conference.

The task force will help the D.A.'s Office work in a more collaborative fashion
with city police and state and federal prosecutors in the fight against
corruption, Williams said.

"I really look forward to serving the district attorney and the citizens of this
city again," said Blessington, 52, who worked as a city prosecutor from 1986 to
1997. He will report directly to Deputy of Investigations Curtis Douglas.

While Blessington is charged with rooting out corruption across city government,
Williams mentioned the Police Department as an area that needs attention.

He said that although the total number of police corruption cases involves a
small percentage of the police force, such cases erode public confidence. Under
former D.A. Lynne Abraham, many people believed that such cases took too long to
investigate, Williams said.

* In other news, Williams also addressed the controversy brewing involving the
imminent departure of his office's second-in-command, First Assistant D.A.
Joseph E. McGettigan, which the Daily News reported yesterday.

Although sources inside the D.A.'s Office said that McGettigan was leaving over
conflicts concerning Williams' questionable hiring and promotions practices and
the management of the office, Williams said that the departure was due to a
medical leave for surgery, which starts Monday.

Williams said that he was not sure if McGettigan, 62, would return to the
office, though sources confirmed that he will not. He was not among the phalanx
of officials flanking Williams during the news conference.

Williams conceded that some of his decisions have drawn in-house criticism.

"Every decision I've made here, there are probably a handful of people that
disagree," he said. "I live with a wife, a mother, three daughters. I don't
think anybody agrees with me in my home.

"I come to work, it's probably two people who agree with me. So, I recognize
that. There have been a lot of challenges. I didn't think that everything would
be smooth sailing becoming district attorney."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             August 15, 2010 Sunday

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: NEW MEXICAN WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 859 words


In brief

U.S. contractor in Afghanistan suspected of overcharging

WASHINGTON -- A U.S. contractor managing more than $1 billion in reconstruction
contracts in Afghanistan faces federal criminal and civil investigations of
claims that it overcharged the government for work, according to federal court
documents.

Federal prosecutors are focusing on whether the Louis Berger Group, based in
Morristown, N.J., submitted inflated invoices to the U.S. Agency for
International Development, which oversees many of the government's international
development projects.

The allegations come as U.S. officials spar with Afghan President Hamid Karzai
over allegations of corruption in his government. Karzai has questioned U.S.-led
investigations of corruption in Afghanistan and argued that international donors
have ignored corruption in billions of dollars worth of development projects
they have handled.

Louis Berger has been a major player in U.S.-funded reconstruction projects in
Iraq and Afghanistan, now leading a $1.4 billion USAID infrastructure project to
build roads and power plants in Afghanistan.

Wyclef Jean seeks dual citizenship for Haiti

PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Hip hop artist and presidential hopeful Wyclef Jean
said Saturday that as leader he would work to change Haiti's constitution to
allow dual citizenship and give many Haitians living abroad the right to vote.

The issue is central in Haiti where hundreds of thousands have fled poverty and
the money they send home from abroad is the earthquake-ravaged Caribbean
nation's main money earner and vital to its economic survival.

Currently, Haitians who emigrate must renounce their Haitian citizenship if they
become citizens of another country, making them unable to vote or run for office
in their homeland. Jean himself left Haiti for New York City when he was nine,
but never sought U.S. citizenship.

The former Fugees frontman told The Associated Press that his presidency would
de a "bridge" between the Haitians abroad and those living in the country.

"The future is dual citizenship," he said, adding that many countries, including
the neighboring Dominican Republic, allow citizens to hold two passports.
Haitians abroad "should have the right to vote in their country," especially
since they send billions in remittances to family members.

"If they are the ones who keep this country alive, they should have some kind of
say on what kind of government structure there is," he said.

Jean arrived in Haiti after giving a concert in Belgium. He said it might be one
of his last performances for five years if elected.

Jazz singer, songwriter

Abbey Lincoln dies at 80

LOS ANGELES -- Abbey Lincoln, an acclaimed jazz singer, songwriter and actress
who evolved from a supper-club singer into a strong voice for civil rights, has
died. She was 80. Lincoln died Saturday in a nursing home in New York, said
Evelyn Mason, her niece.

Lincoln built a career as an actress and singer in the late 1950s through the
turbulent 1960s, then stepped away during the 1970s and, years later, returned
to prominence as a singer praised for her songwriting abilities.

"There was a passion to what she did," said jazz critic Don Heckman, who noted
that Lincoln's songwriting made her a rarity among jazz singers.

She was often compared to Billie Holiday, one of her early influences. And
Lincoln made an impact on the next generation.

"She opened up doors, not just in the sense of career possibilities but as
empowerment to be myself when I sang," singer Cassandra Wilson told The Wall
Street Journal in 2007.

She started working with jazz drummer Max Roach, whose music would reflect the
coming civil rights struggle, and the couple married in 1962.

The 1960 release We Insist! Freedom Now Suite included Lincoln's wordless,
sometimes screaming duet with Roach and was a landmark musical statement of the
civil rights movement.

Critics were divided. "We all paid a price but it was important to say
something," she told The Wall Street Journal in 2007. "It still is."

Kennedy's widow may

run for his Senate seat

WASHINGTON -- Nearly one year after Sen. Edward Kennedy's death, prominent
Democrats in Washington and Massachusetts are promoting his widow as the party's
best shot at winning back the Senate seat he held for nearly five decades.

Victoria Reggie Kennedy has announced no plans to run, but the mere prospect of
a candidacy has become a source of tension in the family, according to Kennedy
intimates. Some relatives fear that a 2012 campaign against Republican Sen.
Scott Brown -- a popular figure even in liberal Massachusetts -- would distract
Kennedy from promoting her late husband's legacy, they said.

Vicki Kennedy, a lawyer from a powerful political family in Louisiana who
married into the Kennedy dynasty in 1992, passed up the chance to run for the
seat last year, and some confidantes said she has told them that she has no
plans to run this time.

But in some respects, Kennedy is already acting the part of a candidate, raising
her public profile by campaigning for politicians across the country.

Some party leaders have been quietly promoting her as their preferred candidate.

New Mexican wire services

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday

Reid drops by to push ethics reform package;
Red state swing: Senate minority leader visits Utah, accuses the GOP of
fostering 'culture of corruption';
Dem leader on swing to red states

BYLINE: Matt Canham , The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: UTAH;  Pg. A1

LENGTH: 562 words


Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid said Democrats are poised to end "the culture
of corruption" fostered by Republicans in Congress and the White House.

During a brief stop in Salt Lake City as part of a Western "red state tour,"
Reid attempted to capitalize on scandals that have wounded Republicans by
outlining an ethics reform package he plans to release next week.

Reid attended a closed-door fundraiser for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign
Committee at the Salt Lake Country Club before meeting with reporters at the
downtown library, accompanied by Rep. Jim Matheson, D-Utah.

"This culture of corruption must change. The people of America know it is
there," Reid said. "I dare somebody to oppose some of this stuff that we are
proposing."

Reid said the ethics legislation would ban gifts from lobbyists and require them
to periodically disclose which public officials they meet with and what topics
they discussed. The bill also is expected to increase criminal penalties for
members of Congress and lobbyists who violate such laws.

Reid said a series of scandals that have shaken Washington are examples of why
the ethics legislation is necessary. They include the indictment of Scooter
Libby, Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff, on perjury charges stemming
from a grand jury investigation of the leak of a name of a covert CIA agent;
former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay's criminal trial for allegedly
transferring campaign funds illegally; and Jack Abramoff, the disgraced lobbyist
who pleaded guilty to federal conspiracy and wire fraud charges earlier this
month as part of a probe that could involve as many as 20 members of Congress,
including DeLay.

But Republicans in Utah and Washington, D.C., say Reid is speaking "out of both
sides of his mouth," since he too received money from Abramoff clients.

"There is no question that Jack Abramoff is a problem  --  a problem for
Republicans and a problem for Democrats," said Joe Cannon, Utah Republican
chairman. "One of the biggest beneficiaries of Jack Abramoff is Harry Reid."

Reid received about $61,000 in donations from American Indian tribes represented
by Abramoff. Some members of Congress have returned or donated to charity money
from sources with ties to Abramoff. Others, such as President Bush, have donated
to charity the portion that came directly from Abramoff. Some from both parties
have decided to hang on to the cash.

"Every one of these dollars, I have looked at closely," Reid said in defending
his decision to keep the donations, which he claims are not tainted by Abramoff.
Reid said the donations stem from his support of tribes in Nevada. Abramoff did
not directly donate any money to Democrats.

"There is not a single Democrat who is involved in this," Reid said. "I don't
know Jack Abramoff. I never met him."

Matheson introduced Reid by saying he "makes me proud to be a Western Democrat."
Reid has ties to Utah. He attended Southern Utah University and graduated from
Utah State University. He is Mormon and frequently returns for conferences of
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. And he has a son who lives in
Utah and works as Matheson's campaign attorney.

Reid also has visited Arizona, Colorado, Idaho and plans to stop in Nebraska
today. Next month he will tour Southern states that supported President Bush in
the last election.

mcanham@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., joined by Rep. Jim Matheson,
D-Utah, makes a point Wednesday during his visit to Salt Lake City.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 3, 2013 Sunday

San Bernardino County Colonies corruption case at crossroads

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


The future of a San Bernardino County corruption case involving a $102 million
legal settlement between the county and a Rancho Cucamonga developer, allegedly
tainted by bribery and extortion, lies with a decision by the California Supreme
Court.

The state s highest court on Tuesday will hear oral arguments from prosecutors
and defense attorneys in Sacramento   the latest chapter in a legal battle that
has spanned years and millions of dollars in San Bernardino County.

Each side will be given 30 minutes to present its arguments to the seven Supreme
Court justices, who will issue a written decision within 90 days, court
spokesman Cathal Conneely  said.

Specifically, the justices will determine if a defendant accused of giving a
bribe can be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of the same bribes he
is accused of giving.

But at stake is more than that in a battle that has had many chapters.

The court is the final stop on the appellate trail that will determine if
prosecutors can move forward with a criminal case more in line with the sweeping
corruption case they originally charged, or proceed with a case significantly
weakened by the dismissal of bribery-related charges against their key
defendant.

This is the right case for this court to offer guidance on these important
issues, and it comes at the right time,  according to the prosecutors  petition.
This high-profile public corruption case is being closely watched, and will be
used as a benchmark to inform the conduct of both public officials and those
seeking to influence them as to what acts they can commit without subjecting
themselves to prosecution.

The San Bernardino County District Attorney s Office is trying to get four
bribery charges reinstated against Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeffrey Burum   a
key defendant in their criminal case   which were tossed out by a San Bernardino
Superior Court judge on a motion by Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson.

Burum is the developer of the Colonies Crossroads, a commercial development that
can be seen off the 210 Freeway in Upland, and a neighboring housing
development, Colonies at San Antonio.

Larson argued in his answer brief to the Supreme Court that prosecutors
arguments fall flat.

The people ask this court to overturn over a century of precedent precluding
their improper attempt to charge Mr. Burum, the alleged bribe-giver, under
derivative theories of liability for the crime of receiving bribes,  Larson
wrote in his brief.

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former
county officials for their help in allegedly orchestrating the landmark $102
million legal settlement between the county and Burum s investor group, Colonies
Partners LP, in November 2006. At the time, the settlement ended nearly five
years of legal battle over who was responsible for building a flood-control
basin on land in Upland owned by Colonies Partners.

But a criminal grand juryhanded down an indictment in May 2011, setting a path
that would ultimately lead to Tuesday s hearing.

Also charged in the case were former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

The alleged bribes, prosecutors allege, were funneled into the accounts of
political action committees secretly controlled by the three county supervisors
who approved the settlement   Bill Postmus, Biane and Ovitt   or members of
their staffs. Kirk is alleged to have received his $100,000 bribe for persuading
Ovitt to vote in favor of the settlement.

All have denied wrongdoing.

Postmus struck a plea bargain with prosecutors, admitting in exchange for
leniency that he took a bribe from Burum to vote to approve the settlement.
Postmus has agreed to testify against the four defendants at trial.

The DA s Office declined to comment on Friday, citing the pending litigation.

And Larson declined to comment for this report. He said he was reserving his
comments for the state Supreme Court on Tuesday.

The case s path to the state Supreme Court got momentum when in August 2011, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, ruling on a motion filed by
the defense, dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum, including
all bribery charges, and one felony count of misappropriation of public funds
for each of the other defendants.

McCarville ruled that people accused of giving bribes cannot also be charged
with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, of which Burum was accused.
Prosecutors argued in their appeal that the law contains no such exemption and
that the facts of the case should determine whether or not Burum could also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

In their Dec. 10, 2012, petition to the state Supreme Court, prosecutors said
California bribery laws have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal
standards and conflict with other court decisions.

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s decision in October 2012 on the bribery counts, but
reinstated a charge of misappropriation of public funds against Burum that was
also tossed out by McCarville, and dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge
against Burum that McCarville had let stand.

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the state Supreme Court to hear the case.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            November 3, 2013 Sunday

San Bernardino County Colonies corruption case at crossroads

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


The future of a San Bernardino County corruption case involving a $102 million
legal settlement between the county and a Rancho Cucamonga developer, allegedly
tainted by bribery and extortion, lies with a decision by the California Supreme
Court.

The state s highest court on Tuesday will hear oral arguments from prosecutors
and defense attorneys in Sacramento   the latest chapter in a legal battle that
has spanned years and millions of dollars in San Bernardino County.

Each side will be given 30 minutes to present its arguments to the seven Supreme
Court justices, who will issue a written decision within 90 days, court
spokesman Cathal Conneely  said.

Specifically, the justices will determine if a defendant accused of giving a
bribe can be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of the same bribes he
is accused of giving.

But at stake is more than that in a battle that has had many chapters.

The court is the final stop on the appellate trail that will determine if
prosecutors can move forward with a criminal case more in line with the sweeping
corruption case they originally charged, or proceed with a case significantly
weakened by the dismissal of bribery-related charges against their key
defendant.

This is the right case for this court to offer guidance on these important
issues, and it comes at the right time,  according to the prosecutors  petition.
This high-profile public corruption case is being closely watched, and will be
used as a benchmark to inform the conduct of both public officials and those
seeking to influence them as to what acts they can commit without subjecting
themselves to prosecution.

The San Bernardino County District Attorney s Office is trying to get four
bribery charges reinstated against Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeffrey Burum   a
key defendant in their criminal case   which were tossed out by a San Bernardino
Superior Court judge on a motion by Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson.

Burum is the developer of the Colonies Crossroads, a commercial development that
can be seen off the 210 Freeway in Upland, and a neighboring housing
development, Colonies at San Antonio.

Larson argued in his answer brief to the Supreme Court that prosecutors
arguments fall flat.

The people ask this court to overturn over a century of precedent precluding
their improper attempt to charge Mr. Burum, the alleged bribe-giver, under
derivative theories of liability for the crime of receiving bribes,  Larson
wrote in his brief.

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former
county officials for their help in allegedly orchestrating the landmark $102
million legal settlement between the county and Burum s investor group, Colonies
Partners LP, in November 2006. At the time, the settlement ended nearly five
years of legal battle over who was responsible for building a flood-control
basin on land in Upland owned by Colonies Partners.

But a criminal grand juryhanded down an indictment in May 2011, setting a path
that would ultimately lead to Tuesday s hearing.

Also charged in the case were former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

The alleged bribes, prosecutors allege, were funneled into the accounts of
political action committees secretly controlled by the three county supervisors
who approved the settlement   Bill Postmus, Biane and Ovitt   or members of
their staffs. Kirk is alleged to have received his $100,000 bribe for persuading
Ovitt to vote in favor of the settlement.

All have denied wrongdoing.

Postmus struck a plea bargain with prosecutors, admitting in exchange for
leniency that he took a bribe from Burum to vote to approve the settlement.
Postmus has agreed to testify against the four defendants at trial.

The DA s Office declined to comment on Friday, citing the pending litigation.

And Larson declined to comment for this report. He said he was reserving his
comments for the state Supreme Court on Tuesday.

The case s path to the state Supreme Court got momentum when in August 2011, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, ruling on a motion filed by
the defense, dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum, including
all bribery charges, and one felony count of misappropriation of public funds
for each of the other defendants.

McCarville ruled that people accused of giving bribes cannot also be charged
with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, of which Burum was accused.
Prosecutors argued in their appeal that the law contains no such exemption and
that the facts of the case should determine whether or not Burum could also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

In their Dec. 10, 2012, petition to the state Supreme Court, prosecutors said
California bribery laws have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal
standards and conflict with other court decisions.

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s decision in October 2012 on the bribery counts, but
reinstated a charge of misappropriation of public funds against Burum that was
also tossed out by McCarville, and dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge
against Burum that McCarville had let stand.

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the state Supreme Court to hear the case.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           November 2, 2013 Saturday

San Bernardino County Colonies corruption case at crossroads

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


The future of a San Bernardino County corruption case involving a $102 million
legal settlement between the county and a Rancho Cucamonga developer, allegedly
tainted by bribery and extortion, lies with a decision by the California Supreme
Court.

The state s highest court on Tuesday will hear oral arguments from prosecutors
and defense attorneys in Sacramento   the latest chapter in a legal battle that
has spanned years and millions of dollars in San Bernardino County.

Each side will be given 30 minutes to present its arguments to the seven Supreme
Court justices, who will issue a written decision within 90 days, court
spokesman Cathal Conneely  said.

Specifically, the justices will determine if a defendant accused of giving a
bribe can be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of the same bribes he
is accused of giving.

But at stake is more than that in a battle that has had many chapters.

The court is the final stop on the appellate trail that will determine if
prosecutors can move forward with a criminal case more in line with the sweeping
corruption case they originally charged, or proceed with a case significantly
weakened by the dismissal of bribery-related charges against their key
defendant.

This is the right case for this court to offer guidance on these important
issues, and it comes at the right time,  according to the prosecutors  petition.
This high-profile public corruption case is being closely watched, and will be
used as a benchmark to inform the conduct of both public officials and those
seeking to influence them as to what acts they can commit without subjecting
themselves to prosecution.

The San Bernardino County District Attorney s Office is trying to get four
bribery charges reinstated against Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeffrey Burum   a
key defendant in their criminal case   which were tossed out by a San Bernardino
Superior Court judge on a motion by Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson.

Burum is the developer of the Colonies Crossroads, a commercial development that
can be seen off the 210 Freeway in Upland, and a neighboring housing
development, Colonies at San Antonio.

Larson argued in his answer brief to the Supreme Court that prosecutors
arguments fall flat.

The people ask this court to overturn over a century of precedent precluding
their improper attempt to charge Mr. Burum, the alleged bribe-giver, under
derivative theories of liability for the crime of receiving bribes,  Larson
wrote in his brief.

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former
county officials for their help in allegedly orchestrating the landmark $102
million legal settlement between the county and Burum s investor group, Colonies
Partners LP, in November 2006. At the time, the settlement ended nearly five
years of legal battle over who was responsible for building a flood-control
basin on land in Upland owned by Colonies Partners.

But a criminal grand juryhanded down an indictment in May 2011, setting a path
that would ultimately lead to Tuesday s hearing.

Also charged in the case were former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

The alleged bribes, prosecutors allege, were funneled into the accounts of
political action committees secretly controlled by the three county supervisors
who approved the settlement   Bill Postmus, Biane and Ovitt   or members of
their staffs. Kirk is alleged to have received his $100,000 bribe for persuading
Ovitt to vote in favor of the settlement.

All have denied wrongdoing.

Postmus struck a plea bargain with prosecutors, admitting in exchange for
leniency that he took a bribe from Burum to vote to approve the settlement.
Postmus has agreed to testify against the four defendants at trial.

The DA s Office declined to comment on Friday, citing the pending litigation.

And Larson declined to comment for this report. He said he was reserving his
comments for the state Supreme Court on Tuesday.

The case s path to the state Supreme Court got momentum when in August 2011, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, ruling on a motion filed by
the defense, dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum, including
all bribery charges, and one felony count of misappropriation of public funds
for each of the other defendants.

McCarville ruled that people accused of giving bribes cannot also be charged
with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, of which Burum was accused.
Prosecutors argued in their appeal that the law contains no such exemption and
that the facts of the case should determine whether or not Burum could also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

In their Dec. 10, 2012, petition to the state Supreme Court, prosecutors said
California bribery laws have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal
standards and conflict with other court decisions.

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s decision in October 2012 on the bribery counts, but
reinstated a charge of misappropriation of public funds against Burum that was
also tossed out by McCarville, and dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge
against Burum that McCarville had let stand.

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the state Supreme Court to hear the case.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 5, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

UNCONVENTIONAL WISDOM; New facts and hot stats from the social sciences

Richard Morin

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 906 words


Whom Can You Trust?


My work among you is finished, at least temporarily. With this column, I begin a
four-month leave of absence to commune with the unconventionally wise at Harvard
University, where I will be a Shorenstein Fellow at the John F. Kennedy School
of Government. Before I depart, I offer these thoughts to guide you until we
reconvene in the next millennium:


TRUST WOMEN


At least trust them not to bribe you, says a research team from the University
of Maryland and American University that studied corruption around the world.
The team's review of polling and other data from dozens of countries revealed
that "women pay bribes less frequently and are less likely to condone corruption
." In one study conducted three years ago in the former Soviet republic of
Georgia, male managers of small businesses were 27 percent more likely to admit
they had made "unofficial payments" to government officials than female managers
were.

Similarly, the researchers correlated levels of government corruption with the
proportion of women in the national legislature and the number of women in the
work force. They found that "societies with more women in the labor force and
parliament have lower levels of corruption," reported Anand Swamy, Steve Knack,
Young Lee and Omar Azfar in a paper presented in Washington at the annual
meeting of the International Society for New Institutional Economics.


DON'T TRUST INTERNET POLLS


Promise me this: While I'm gone, please, oh please, don't take Internet polls
seriously. For several years now, your Wiz has condemned those ghastly Web
pseudo-surveys. But not everybody's paying attention.

Certainly not the folks over at ABC.com, "Good Morning America" and the Boston
Herald. A few weeks ago, an ABC.com online survey conducted on Internet
"addiction" managed to generate major buzz around the world by suggesting that
5.7 percent of all Internet users were addicted to the Internet. It was a
finding startling enough to make the front page of the Herald, where the
reporter breathlessly claimed that "the computer mouse might as well be a
syringe full of heroin for an estimated 11 million worldwide . . . ." Oh, my.

The problem, of course is that Internet polls are based on samples of people who
don't look very much like the population as a whole. Online surveys also remain
hugely susceptible to electronic ballot stuffing; few sites restrict access, so
you can answer the posted question as many times as you want.

The ABC.com poll, which was not conducted by the ABC News polling unit, was
"hopelessly flawed," says James Beniger of the University of Southern
California, a past president of the American Association for Public Opinion
Research.

Beniger noted that the "survey accompanied on that Web site an ABC story on
Internet addiction, which thereby most likely influenced the responses of all
those who completed the survey after reading that story on the very same topic."

Also, "the survey appeared on only a single Web site, that of ABC News, which
means that it is completely biased toward the particular kinds of people who
visit that site."

But this is a story with a happy ending. Last Tuesday, the ABC Webmasters, in
response to criticism inside and outside the company and following a call from
your Wiz, added this disclaimer to the online poll's question of the day: "Not a
scientific poll; for entertainment only."


TRUST YOUR FEELINGS


Despite what you read in the newspaper or see on the evening news, America is
feeling remarkably good about itself, according to a study sponsored by the
National Commission on Civic Renewal. Some of the changes since 1994 have been
nothing short of astonishing.

Five years ago, poll takers for Roper Starch Worldwide found that 34 percent of
all adult respondents said they trusted other people. In 1997, the last year for
which data were available, more than half--53 percent--said they trusted others.
Perhaps even more remarkable: The percentage of people who said they trusted the
government increased from 29 percent to 38 percent between 1994 and 1997, and it
continues to trend upward in other polls, the commission reported.

At the same time, the percentage of Americans who said they're afraid to walk
home at night fell from 47 percent in 1994 to 38 percent in 1997. No wonder:
During that time, the reported crimes per 1,000 persons dropped from 51.2 to
38.8.


FINAL THOUGHT


Is there anyone so truly wise that he or she can speak unconventionally in my
absence? Perhaps. Last year, Marc Abrahams, editor of the Annals of Improbable
Research (the only humor magazine with eight Nobel Prize laureates on its
editorial board) asked his readers, "Which field of science has the smartest
people?" Astronomer Vinay Kashyap of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for
Astrophysics offered this response:


Speaking of ranking the various

disciplines--

Politicians think they are Economists.

Economists think they are Social

Scientists.

Social Scientists think they are

Psychologists.

Psychologists think they are Biologists.

Biologists think they are Organic

Chemists.

Organic Chemists think they are

Physical Chemists.

Physical Chemists think they are

Physicists.

Physicists think they are

Mathematicians.

Mathematicians think they are God.

God . . . ummm . . . so happens that

God is an Astronomer.




LOAD-DATE: September 05, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, nurit karlin for The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            March 27, 2008 Thursday

Activist files request to open corruption inquiry documents

BYLINE: By Gustavo Reveles Acosta / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 296 words


U.S. District Judge Frank Montalvo should open the extensive collection of
documents tied to the FBI public corruption case or file paperwork explaining
why the court papers should remain sealed, an El Paso civil-rights activist said
in a motion filed Wednesday in the Western District of Texas.

Carl Starr filed the motion on his behalf after he read an El Paso Times report
outlining the long list of documents regarding the FBI corruption case that have
not been made public.

"I started doing some legal research and found that (Montalvo) should be making
findings and entering them into the record in order to weigh the compelling
interest of the government against the First Amendment," Starr said.

"If he can find a good enough reason to seal the documents, then he should put
it on the record."

The U.S. attorney's office said the two people authorized to speak to the press
about Starr's motion were out of the office until Monday. Officials of the U.S.
attorney's office in San Antonio could not be reached for comment.

Seven people -- including former county commissioners, school trustees, civic
employees and contractors -- have pleaded guilty behind closed doors in
Montalvo's court since the FBI announced last year that it was looking into
widespread corruption throughout the county.

The investigation has touched virtually every government in El Paso.

Starr said he didn't think opening documents would hurt the investigation,
especially if the court blacked out critical information that need not be made
public.

"I'm glad the investigation is happening," he said. "But it should not be done
in secrecy because that's dangerous."

Gustavo Reveles Acosta may be reached at greveles@elpasotimes.com; 546-6133.

El Paso Times reporter Zahira Torres contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Contra Costa Times editorial: Steinberg must release Senate calendars now

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times editorial © 2014 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 476 words


Is this really the way state Senate President Pro Tempore Darrell Steinberg
wants to be remembered? As a Senate leader more concerned about shielding his
colleagues from public scrutiny than serving all Californians?

If not, Steinberg, D-Sacramento, had better rethink the Senate's refusal to turn
over portions of the appointment calendars of two indicted and suspended state
senators to this news organization, which has had to file suit to obtain the
information for the public.

Under Steinberg, the Senate has done precious little to boost the public's
confidence in its integrity in the wake of federal corruption indictments of
Sen. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello, and Sen. Leland Yee, D-San Francisco. (A third
member, Sen. Rod Wright, D-Inglewood, has been suspended from his seat upon his
conviction for living outside the district he represents.)

Now, the Senate Rules Committee, under Steinberg's direction, has rejected a
public records request from the Los Angeles News Group -- sister papers to the
Bay Area News Group -- seeking calendar entries for Calderon that would show
with whom he met on specific dates outlined in an FBI affidavit. Calderon has
been indicted on 24 counts that include public corruption, mail and wire fraud,
bribery and money laundering.

In addition, Secretary of the Senate Gregory Schmidt rejected four recent
requests from the Bay Area News Group to obtain calendar entries for Yee, who
faces federal charges of public corruption, weapons trafficking and
racketeering.

The written refusals to produce calendar records in both cases cite "concerns
regarding legislative privilege, security, and the integrity of an ongoing
criminal investigation."

But that "legislative privilege" is bogus -- based on the theory that
legislators can't perform their "deliberative process" without hiding the names
of people with whom they hold meetings. That's a preposterous conceit,
essentially asserting that legislators best serve their constituents by meeting
in secret with special interests who have access to the legislators because of
money, power or -- perhaps, in these cases -- mutual interest in criminal acts.

Unfortunately, legislators have cover in the form of a 1991 court ruling, Times
Mirror Co. vs. Superior Court, in which the court blocked a request for five
years' worth of the governor's calendars. But the ruling distinguishes between
that sort of blanket request and the kind of focused requests in this case. Gov.
Jerry Brown and many other politicians provide their calendars for public
inspection, as any public servant should.

There are even larger arguments than the legal ones. The integrity and
legitimacy of the state Legislature are at stake here.

Steinberg has a chance to salvage some of the Senate's reputation, if he decides
to put the rights of the people above the desired secrecy of disgraced
legislators.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Conviction of ex-mayor Ray Nagin: Does it signal new era for New Orleans?;
Ray Nagin was convicted Wednesday of 20 federal corruption charges, many
connected to recovery efforts after hurricane Katrina in New Orleans. He could
face more than 20 years in prison.

BYLINE: Mark Guarino Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 909 words


Ray Nagin, the two-term mayor of New Orleans who became the face of indignation
following the failed federal response after hurricane Katrina, was convicted
Wednesday of 20 federal corruption charges.

According to the federal government, Mr. Nagin, who left office in 2010,
accepted thousands of dollars in bribery money, among other gifts, from
contractors and vendors that swarmed New Orleans after Katrina, hoping to take
part in the huge recovery effort. Some of the corruption charges, however, deal
with issues predating the 2005 catastrophe.

Sentencing is set June 11. Under federal sentencing guidelines, Nagin faces more
than 20 years in prison.

Walking outside the federal courthouse in New Orleans, Nagin could be heard
saying, "I maintain my innocence."

The case against the former mayor was towering. In the nine-day trial,
prosecutors summoned many co-conspirators to the stand who testified to the
pay-to-play schemes Nagin orchestrated, plus the bribes worth hundreds of
thousands of dollars that he sought and then redirected to Stone Age, a granite
countertop business operated by his sons, who were not charged.

In addition to the witnesses, prosecutors presented jurors with a mountain of
evidence - e-mail correspondence, business contracts, credit card and bank
statements, and more - that they said proved the mayor was a willing participant
in wielding power for personal profit.

Nagin was convicted on five counts of bribery, nine counts of wire fraud, one
count of money laundering conspiracy, four counts of filing false tax returns,
and one overarching count of conspiracy. Jurors acquitted Nagin of a single
charge of bribery related to a $10,000 bribe that prosecutors said he accepted
through the family business.

"The physical evidence was so overwhelming that for Ray Nagin to have
successfully defended this case, he would have had, in some way, to refute these
documents and use his credibility," says Michael Sherman, a political scientist
at Tulane University in New Orleans and a former legal adviser to current mayor
Mitch Landrieu.

That proved difficult. His defense team argued that prosecutors overreached in
connecting the dots between the documents and supposed wrongdoing, but Nagin's
own testimony in the trial became his side's worst enemy. Among his
explanations: He was not aware that business associates picked up the tab for
vacations to Hawaii, Jamaica, and New York City.

Mr. Sherman says the moment in the trial that became irreversible for Nagin was
last week when he admitted to putting Valentine's Day, Mother's Day and wedding
anniversary dinners on the city credit card, but said he reimbursed the city.
Those records were never produced.

"He revealed in that one moment that this was not a lapse of judgment but was
his base line of what was acceptable and what was not. He was so off base, he
lost all credibility needed to confront the allegation," Sherman says.

The conviction represents a big downfall for Nagin, a former executive of a
statewide cable company who campaigned as a reformer and was backed by a
biracial coalition of support. He entered the international spotlight after
channeling the outrage that most New Orleans residents felt in the immediate
wake of Katrina, after media images of people stranded atop houses and outside
the city convention center suggested that the federal government was incapable
of fulfilling basic needs like bottled water and transportation for area
citizens.

After half the city's population relocated to other states, particularly to
Texas, Nagin became a voice for black unity. On Martin Luther King Day in 2006,
he expressed fear that New Orleans would lose its "chocolate city" status if
black voters did not return to support his reelection. The strategy worked, and
Nagin won election that year, beating Mr. Landrieu.

Recovery under Nagin slowed, and he failed to achieve the majority of goals he
outlined to bring the city back. When charges were leveled against him in
January 2013, it was revealed that he was under a federal probe during the
post-Katrina period.

"He got a lot of goodwill after Katrina, but what enraged people during this
scandal was his failure to act and accomplish things," says Tania Tetlow, a
former federal prosecutor who is now a law professor at Tulane. The trial
ultimately revealed the contrast between "the black hole of the mayor's desk in
getting anything done for the city and how hard he worked for contractors who
were paying him at the side," she says.

Advocates for the city - saying that an upswing in economic development, a
rebound in population, and the revitalization of neighborhoods characterize the
new New Orleans - are framing Wednesday's verdict as a break from the past
regime. Nagin is the first mayor of New Orleans for whom federal prosecutors
have successfully obtained a conviction for crimes committed while in office.

The current mayor, Landrieu, told reporters late Wednesday it is "important"
that people know the city "has been in different hands [over] the past four
years" and is "making great progress, and we like the new way."

Landrieu was reelected to a second term earlier this month.

The verdict represents "a sign of things changing and that the community is just
not putting up with this anymore," says Ms. Tetlow. "What we're seeing is a
flurry of convictions as the community cleans house."

Two associates who testified against Nagin are both awaiting sentencing in the
bribery schemes.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday
                                  Mars Edition

Cop corruption case continues

BYLINE: JEFF PARROTT, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 444 words


More charges could be coming in connection with three former police officers
convicted on corruption-related charges, according to federal court documents.

A federal judge recently ordered U.S. Marshals to move former St. Joseph County
police officer Andrew Taghon from a West Virginia federal prison to northern
Indiana, so that Taghon could attend a hearing in Hammond, where he would
formally plead guilty to attempted robbery.

But the order also says Taghon's presence will be needed at a grand jury hearing
to take place sometime by the end of the day Friday.

The potential target of the grand jury probe was unclear. Prosecutors are
strictly forbidden from publicly discussing grand jury proceedings.

Meanwhile, U.S. District Judge Philip Simon on Monday formally accepted Taghon's
plea of guilty in an attempted robbery.

Andrew Taghon had filed his guilty plea with the court in October, as reported
by The Tribune shortly thereafter. Simon set his sentencing for April 6.

Taghon, already serving a six-year prison term after pleading guilty to
corruption-related charges, could face another four to five years for trying to
rob a gas station manager while he made a bank deposit. The manager was able to
fight off the robbery, prosecutors say.

Taghon's co-defendant, former South Bend police officer Jamie Buford, is set for
a Jan. 25 trial on the attempted robbery charge.

In the initial corruption case, Taghon, Buford and former county officer Ryan
Huston admitted to stealing merchandise and drugs from suspects - while they
were officers - and then selling it and keeping the cash.

Under binding plea agreements, Buford and Taghon received six-year prison terms.

Huston also pleaded guilty and stood to receive a similar sentence, but after
the attempted robbery indictments against Buford and Taghon came down, Huston
had his time reduced to 31/2 years for agreeing to cooperate with the government
in any other cases. Prosecutors have refused to confirm whether such cases
include the attempted robbery charges against Buford and Taghon.

But Huston, sentenced in October, has yet to report to a low-security federal
prison in Arizona to begin serving his time, meaning he would still be available
to testify at Buford's trial, according to federal prison records.

The judge recently ordered federal prison officials to move Buford from the
federal prison in Morgantown, W.Va. to one in this area, likely the Metropolitan
Correctional Center in Chicago, so that he can help his attorney prepare his
defense.

Taghon's plea agreement also requires him to testify truthfully in any other
cases.

Staff writer Jeff Parrott: jparrott@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6320

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 20, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Aura of Corruption Lingers On in Annapolis

BYLINE: Matthew Mosk, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A14

LENGTH: 704 words


Five years ago, when U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz upbraided Maryland
politicians for creating and tolerating a "culture of corruption" in Annapolis,
and sent the latest in a series of political insiders to prison, his remarks
helped kindle a movement for reform.

In the ensuing years, the legislature passed a raft of laws aimed at reining in
a free-spending culture where it once was routine, even expected, for lobbyists
to hand their credit cards to lawmakers as they headed out after work to dine
and drink.

As a candidate for governor, Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. (R) decried the cozy,
one-party monopoly that he said had long allowed Democrats to protect dirty
dealers from punishment and pledged that he would bring an end to the culture of
corruption if elected.

Yet many believe that the indictment of former state senator Thomas L. Bromwell
yesterday only thickens the fog of malfeasance that continues to hang over the
Maryland capital.

Last year, Ehrlich's state police superintendent pleaded guilty to public
corruption and tax charges for his conduct as Baltimore police commissioner. The
governor's deputy chief of staff, Edward Miller, was questioned and is now said
to be helping investigators in connection with the probe of Washington lobbyist
Jack Abramoff. And this week, lawmakers hired a lawyer who specialized in
investigations to delve into accusations that Ehrlich dispatched partisan
loyalists to purge the state work force of political enemies  --  a claim he has
denied.

The Bromwell indictment charges racketeering and political corruption for
activities that occurred several years ago, before Ehrlich took office. But the
case could keep unsavory news about Annapolis in the headlines for months  --
nothing unusual in a capital that has watched scandal claim governors,
legislators and lobbyists.

"Many of these same characters are right back in the thick of things," said Sen.
Paul G. Pinsky (D-Prince George's), who has long been an advocate of reform.

"They're like moths to the flame," Pinsky said, referring to Gerard E. Evans and
Bruce C. Bereano, Annapolis lobbyists who revived flourishing careers after
fraud convictions. "The whole idea of cleaning up Annapolis was a sham."

James Browning, executive director of Common Cause Maryland, said the new laws
have made a difference in one respect  --  they have driven illicit behavior
further underground.

"I think there's now a fig leaf over some of the corruption," Browning said.
"Where there was naked influence peddling before, it's a little more hidden
now."

For example, he said, lawmakers have circumvented state campaign finance laws by
routing contributions through political committees or accepting discreet
corporate money for ventures that were once paid for with state funds, such as
the hospitality tent the governor had at the Preakness two years ago.

"They're having to scramble more to keep this influence peddling under the
radar," Browning said. "Is that progress?"

Paul E. Schurick, who is Ehrlich's communications director and has also served
in a Democratic administration, disagreed, saying there has been progress.

Republican control of the governor's office, Schurick said, has curbed the kind
of easy deal-making and horse-trading that used to typify business during the
legislative session. "I think it's clearly better," Schurick said. "Annapolis
has raised the ethical bar."

He has repeatedly dismissed the current investigation into Ehrlich's personnel
practices as driven by partisanship.

State Sen. Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery) said yesterday that he hopes there is
no truth to the allegations against Bromwell and that any perception of
Annapolis as a cauldron of corruption is waning.

"Because I don't think it's true," Frosh said. "I don't think corruption is
endemic to the process in Annapolis at all. It's the exception, not the rule."

But Frosh believes promises to rout out corruption from the political process
are probably disingenuous.

"I think that's a sad fact of human existence," he said. "I think the people in
Annapolis are honest, hardworking and doing the best they can for their
constituents. But I don't think you're ever going to stamp out dishonesty."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     JUNE 30, 2004 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

Detroit businessman is linked to pay to play

BYLINE: Leonard N. Fleming and Mark Fazlollah INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 517 words


La-Van Hawkins overcame a troubled gang life in Chicago to create a fast-food
empire and secure riches that brought him personal chefs, luxury homes, and a
private plane.

Yesterday, the Detroit entrepreneur once hailed as a national model for black
business owners was indicted on charges of lying before a federal grand jury and
trying to wield influence illegally in Philadelphia through Ronald A. White. He
was among 12 people, including White, indicted in a federal probe into municipal
corruption in Philadelphia.

Locally, Hawkins' name is of little significance. But in national business
circles, Hawkins was big time. Last year, Ebony magazine profiled him. He raised
money for Al Sharpton's Democratic presidential run. And he created Hawkins Food
Group, which owns Pizza Huts and other fast-food establishments throughout the
country.

Federal prosecutors painted a more sinister portrait, alleging that Hawkins,
through White, sought to curry favor with former City Treasurer Corey Kemp with
gifts, loans, and other benefits.

In return, Kemp allegedly used his office to aid them. In one deal, the FBI's
New York City office bugged a Waldorf-Astoria Hotel suite while Hawkins, White
and Kemp tried to dupe a national businessman into selling 100 franchise outlets
to Hawkins. The indictment alleges that Kemp promised that the purchase would be
backed by money from the Philadelphia pension fund. That deal never
materialized.

Another transaction occurred in 2002 when, prosecutors allege, White used
Hawkins as a "conduit to conceal White's direct role" in making $10,000 payments
to Kemp.

The indictment alleges that Hawkins did this knowing that "Kemp was a public
official and intending to assist White in corrupting Kemp and to use Kemp's
assistance himself if a need materialized." Prosecutors say that White and
Hawkins were friends and business partners.

Prosecutors say that Hawkins wrote Kemp two checks for $5,000, one of which
bounced twice. White reimbursed Hawkins for the money that Kemp deposited in his
personal bank account.

To the grand jury, the indictment alleges, Hawkins gave a different, false
story. When asked about the money, Hawkins said that White asked him to write
Kemp a check as a wedding gift. Hawkins explained that White at first failed to
wire transfer the money to him. Prosecutors allege that it was a lie and that
Kemp was married two years earlier, in July 2000.

Prosecutors also allege that Kemp's trip to the Super Bowl was paid for in part
by Hawkins, who two days earlier flew all three to Los Angeles on a private
plane Hawkins leased.

Hawkins, 46, who has homes in both Detroit and Atlanta, could not be reached for
comment.

Hawkins grew up poor in the Cabrini Green housing development in Chicago and
earned stripes as a gang member.

A self-made man who rose to prominence as a businessman, Hawkins in recent years
has owed money to vendors and has had outstanding judgments for more than $1
million since 2001.

Contact staff writer Leonard N. Fleming at 215-854-4330 or
lfleming@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The City Hall Corruption Probe

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
La-Van Hawkins created a fast-food empire.

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 12, 2000, Wednesday, FIVE STAR EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 636 words



MIDWEST

ROSEMONT, Ill.

Teamsters leader backs new anti-corruption plan

Teamsters President James P. Hoffa hopes a new plan to fight corruption and the
influence of organized crime will show that the union is ready to police itself
after more than a decade of federal supervision.

Representatives of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters' 1.4 million
members on Tuesday gave Hoffa their unanimous approval to establish a code of
conduct for union members, create an ethics board and study the union's efforts
to sever ties with organized crime.

Hoffa's father, Jimmy Hoffa, built the Teamsters into a national powerhouse but
was sent to prison for jury tampering and misusing union funds. He disappeared
in 1975 and is presumed a victim of organized crime. James Hoffa won the
Teamsters' presidency in March after promising to root out corruption and work
to end the federal oversight.

EAST

WASHINGTON

Clinton wants $ 2.2 billion for national missile defense

President Bill Clinton intends to ask Congress in his 2001 budget for a $ 2.2
billion increase in spending for a national missile defense, mainly for an
expanded arsenal of interceptor rockets to be based in Alaska or North Dakota,
defense officials said Tuesday.

Just a year ago, the Clinton administration added $ 6.6 billion to the
Pentagon's missile defense budget, and officials now estimate deployment of such
a system will cost $ 12.7 billion in the next five years.

The Pentagon argues that the United States faces a growing threat from missile
attack. Several countries hostile to the United States, including North Korea,
Iran and Iraq, are said to be seeking a capability to launch intercontinental
ballistic missiles. U.S. satellites can detect missile launchings, but the
United States has no means of shooting down long-range missiles in flight.

ROCHESTER, N.Y.

Mrs. Clinton will declare candidacy next month

Hillary Rodham Clinton will formally declare her Senate candidacy early next
month and hopes to have President Bill Clinton and their daughter, Chelsea, at
her side, she said Tuesday.

"That's my timetable," Mrs. Clinton said when asked during a stop at a new
supermarket. "It will take awhile to get everybody organized to do it."

Meanwhile, she got some poll news that wasn't as encouraging as she might have
hoped - she still trails likely opponent Rudolph Giuliani, and her favorability
rating has fallen below 50 percent. The poll results, the first statewide since
she moved into the Clintons' new home in Chappaqua last week, showed her still
trailing Giuliani and her favorability rating down 20 points from last February.


SOUTH

JACKSON, Miss.

Democrat is installed as 62nd governor

David Ronald Musgrove on Tuesday became Mississippi's 62nd governor following
last week's historic vote in the House of Representatives.

Musgrove, a 43-year-old Democrat, replaces two-term Republican Gov. Kirk
Fordice. Musgrove had 8,300 more votes than Republican Mike Parker in the Nov. 2
election but didn't get the required majority. The House decided the contest
last week.

BATON ROUGE, La.

Ex-governor falls ill at trial, is hospitalized

Former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards left his federal corruption trial Tuesday
and was hospitalized with dehydration, fever and shortness of breath.

Edwards, 72, was leaning on his wife, Candy, and co-defendant Andrew Martin as
he left the courthouse. He said he felt nauseated.

Edwards was taken to Our Lady of the Lake Hospital, where his doctor said he
would be kept overnight. Edwards was given fluids intravenously and oxygen, and
an EKG showed no heart trouble, said Dr. Tom John.

As the trial opened Monday, Edwards said he had been battling the flu but felt
better.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: United States Assists Korean Authorities in Recovering More Than
$28.7 Million in Corruption Proceeds of Former President of the Republic of
Korea

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Department of Justice has reached a settlement of its civil forfeiture cases
against $1.2 million in assets in the United States traceable to corruption
proceeds accumulated by Chun Doo Hwan, the former president of the Republic of
Korea. The department also assisted the government of the Republic of Korea in
recovering an additional $27.5 million in satisfaction of an outstanding
criminal restitution order against former President Chun.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Director Sarah R. Saldaña of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE)­­ and Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of the FBI's
Los Angeles Field Office made the announcement after the settlement was signed
and papers requesting that the court execute the agreement were filed with the
U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.

"Chun Doo Hwan's campaign of corruption and bribery while serving as Korea's
president betrayed the trust of the Korean people, deprived Korea's government
of precious resources and undermined the rule of law," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "Fighting corruption is a global imperative that demands a
coordinated global response. The close cooperation between the United States and
Korea in successfully recovering corruption proceeds stands as a testament to
our resolve to battle the scourge of corruption through international
collaboration."

"Former Korean President Chun violated the trust of the people of Korea," said
Director Saldaña. "The results in this case reflect the outstanding
international cooperation that exists between U.S. law enforcement and the
government of Korea."

"The U.S. will not idly standby and serve as a money laundering haven for
foreign officials to hide corrupt activities," said Assistant Director in Charge
David Bowdich. "The FBI will continue to collaborate with our foreign partners
by leveraging its resources in order to identify those engaged in foreign
corruption and to recover their ill-gotten gains."

According to court documents, President Chun was convicted in Korea in 1997 of
receiving more than $200 million in bribes from Korean businesses and companies.
President Chun and his relatives laundered some of these corruption proceeds
through a web of nominees, trusts and shell companies in both Korea and the
United States.

Under the terms of the U.S. settlement, $1,226,951 in assets will be forfeited
to the United States. During the joint U.S.-Korean investigation, approximately
$27.5 million in additional funds were paid by an associate of former President
Chun to the Korean government to partially settle the judgment entered against
former President Chun upon his criminal conviction. Including the settlement
announced today, the U.S. and Korean authorities have recovered more than $28.7
million in connection with Korea's investigation and prosecution of former
President Chun.

The investigation was conducted jointly by the FBI's West Covina Resident Agency
of the Los Angeles Division, ICE's Homeland Security Investigations' (HSI)
Philadelphia Office, HSI's Attaché in Seoul, South Korea and the FBI Kleptocracy
Program of the International Corruption Unit within the Criminal Investigation
Division. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Woo S. Lee and Della
Sentilles of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Katharine Schonbachler and Steven R. Welk of
the Central District of California, and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Minni
and Alvin Stout of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The Criminal Division's
Office of International Affairs provided substantial support.

The department is grateful for the significant assistance provided by the Seoul
Central District Public Prosecutor's Office, Korea's Supreme Prosecutor's
Office--Anti-Corruption Supervisory Division and the Ministry of Justice's
International Criminal Affairs Division in investigating and forfeiting these
corruption proceeds.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative by a team
of dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section, working in partnership with federal law enforcement agencies
to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where appropriate,
return those proceeds to benefit the people harmed by these acts of corruption
and abuse of office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 12, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Deadly Colorado fire now under control

BYLINE: Paul Leavitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 834 words


Firefighters Monday brought under control Colorado's 2,000-acre Canyon Creek
fire that killed 14 firefighters last week. "It's a very big relief," said
Christy Metz, a spokeswoman with the Rocky Mountain Fire Coordination Center in
Denver. Still, more than 500 firefighters were battling the blaze near Glenwood
Springs. Other Colorado fires were burning north of Vail and in the White River
National Forest near Dotsero. A 60-acre blaze in the Sequoia National Forest
threatened 200 homes near Bodfish, Calif.

POLICE CORRUPTION: Former New York police officer Michael Dowd, a key figure in
the Mollen Commission corruption probe, was sentenced in federal court to 14
years in prison for racketeering and conspiracy to distribute cocaine and
heroin. Dowd, 33, said he got as much as $ 4,000 a week in protection money from
drug dealers. He also admitted he beat up people, took bribes from business
owners and stole drugs, cash and firearms from crime scenes. "You didn't just
fall prey to temptation," Judge Kimba Wood said. "You sought out new ways to
abuse your authority." Dowd, weeping during the hearing, apologized to other
officers. "It's a very difficult job and I made it much more difficult," he
said.

HOMOSEXUAL RIGHTS: The first Navy board of inquiry convened under the military's
new don't ask, don't tell, don't pursue policy heard arguments in the case of
Lt. Tracy Thorne. The Navy seeks to discharge Thorne on the basis that his
declaration he is gay shows a propensity to commit homosexual acts. Another
panel meets today in Norfolk, Va., to hear the case of Lt. j.g. R. Dirk Selland.

-- The South Boston Allied Wars Council, which canceled the 1994 St. Patrick's
Day Parade rather than allow the Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group
of Boston to march, discriminated against the gay group, the state's highest
court ruled. Federal judges in New York have ruled parade sponsors there can
exclude gay marchers.

A TALL TALE FROM SPACE: Columbia astronaut Richard Hieb has grown at least an
inch while in orbit and now exceeds NASA's height limit for shuttle astronauts.
He started the two-week scientific mission Friday at 6 feet 3 inches. Monday, he
topped 6 feet 4. Astronauts tend to gain an inch or two in space because of an
elongated spine caused by the absence of gravity. Normal height resumes back on
Earth.

'LOBSTER BOY' TRIAL: Mary Stiles, on trial in Tampa, is using a battered-spouse
defense to murder charges that accuse her of hiring a hit man to kill her
carnival-performer husband. She says Grady Stiles Jr., 55, who had claw-like
hands and was known as "Lobster Boy," was a mean and abusive drunk who made her
fear for her life. He was shot to death in 1992 in his wheelchair. Christopher
Wyant, 18, is serving a 27-year prison sentence for the contract slaying.

PROTEST CLIMB: New York police arrested three Greenpeace environmental activists
who scaled the 47-story Time-Life building and unfurled a banner to protest Time
magazine's use of chlorine-bleached paper. Time called the stunt unwarranted and
said three paper suppliers have converted to non-chlorine paper; the rest will
do so within two years. The climbers and 10 supporters on the ground were
charged with criminal trespass, police said.

AMTRAK CRASH PROBE: No technological device could have prevented the May 16
collision of an Amtrak train and a trailer hanging off an oncoming freight
train, an Amtrak official told a congressional panel in Smithfield, N.C., site
of the crash that killed a train engineer and injured 369 people. A federal
probe of the crash continues.

ALSO MONDAY . . .

-- MIDAIR CRASH: A Navy helicopter from Norfolk, Va., collided with a Cessna 172
near Cape Charles, Va., killing the small plane's pilot. The chopper returned
safely.

-- ASSISTED SUICIDE: As expected, Jack Kevorkian's efforts to get an assisted
suicide constitutional amendment on the Nov. 8 ballot in Michigan failed to get
the necessary 250,000 signatures. Kevorkian faces murder charges in two of the
20 deaths he has been present at since 1990.

-- CALIFORNIA QUAKES: Three temblors, measuring 3.3 to 3.7, shook southern
California but caused no damage or injury. Two were aftershocks of the Jan. 17
Los Angeles quake; one was an aftershock of the 1992 Landers quake.

A warning on new cash crunches

Nearly a third of the nation's cities spent more than they took in during 1993,
and nearly half say they likely will outspend revenues this year unless budget
adjustments are made. The National League of Cities' survey of 551
municipalities blamed their financial woes on spiraling health-care costs,
rising crime rates and decaying infrastructure. Last year, 70% of those surveyed
raised taxes.

Cities project budget deficit Nearly half of cities responding to a National
League of Cities survery projected a budget deficit in 1994:
1984       24%
1994(1)    47%

(1)-Estimate

Contributing: Erin Einhorn and Gary Fields

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY, Source: National League of Cities survey (Line
graph); PHOTO, b/w, AP; PHOTO, b/w, Richard Drew, AP

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 29, 1989, WEDNESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

CORRUPTION SHOWS NEED FOR PAY HIKES

BYLINE: Edwin Yoder

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 880 words


WASHINGTON (REST) Even Ralph Nader ought to be able to grasp the connection
between the congressional pay-and-perks question and the Lincoln Savings and
Loan scandal.  Corruption in Congress is frequently cited, by Nader and others,
as an excuse for denying congressional pay increases. In fact, this corruption
is the best argument for them.  For those who have difficulty fathoming the
connection, the Lincoln Savings matter is instructive. At the behest of Charles
Keating, the Lincoln Savings mogul, no fewer than five U.S. senators - Alan
Cranston of California, John Glenn of Ohio, John McCain and Dennis DeConcini of
Arizona and Donald Riegle of Michigan - involved themselves in the minutiae of
an S&L regulation matter.  All assembled, apparently, to get the San Francisco
office of the Home Loan Bank Board off Keating's case. That office was on his
case because Lincoln Savings assets were, in the judgment of the regulators,
being recklessly and possibly unlawfully wagered on all sorts of risky
enterprises.  Two of the senators, McCain and DeConcini, have said the
intervention was a mistake. Yet they and the others insist that their kowtowing
to Keating was a constituent service, just the sort of thing they'd do for
anyone who asked.  This protestation is hard to take seriously. Few constituents
of the five senators have donated a total of $1.4 million to their political
maintenance.  That is what Keating did.  He gave Cranston, the Senate majority
whip, $800,000 for voter-registration projects, devices that helped Cranston win
re-election. And it wasn't because Keating, a right-wing Republican, overflows
with passionate political sympathy for Cranston, a left-wing Democrat.  The
intent of the senatorial intervention in the Lincoln Savings regulatory matter
is disputed. But the effect isn't. The interest of powerful senators helped slow
or sidetrack the investigation. And the delay added to the ultimate cost to the
taxpayers - now projected at more than $2.5 billion - of making Lincoln's
depositors whole. In this climate, the scale of the savings and loan
mismanagement overwhelmed the capacity of regulators to oversee it.  And here we
get back to the political connection. It is hardly an accident that U.S.
senators find themselves embarrassed by such disgraceful proceedings. Such is
the cost of campaigns today that U.S. senators must raise an estimated $12,000
to $20,000 a week, every week of every term, if they expect to raise a
protective kitty for the next election.  When a man like Charles Keating comes
along, spreading largesse everywhere and then seeking help, senators hear their
master's voice. The campaign-finance system, with its stupendous costs, puts
members of Congress on the auction block.  You would think that American
taxpayers would finally see that every dime they begrudge Congress in realistic
compensation costs hundreds or thousands of dollars in influence peddling in the
end. Yet counseled by myopic fanatics like Nader, they rage on over pay and
allowance increases while the foundations of representative government rot away.
opyright 1989 Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday

YOU CAN'T HEV IT! - LAW COULD STRIP CROOK POLS LIKE AL OF PENSION

BYLINE: CARL CAMPANILE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 620 words


Former state Comptroller Alan Hevesi's corruption conviction this week could
spur passage of a measure that strips the pensions of public officials who abuse
their office, lawmakers and watchdogs said yesterday.

"This could be the tipping point," said Blair Horner of the New York Public
Interest Research Group.

"Hevesi is a high-profile case that elevates the issue of Albany corruption.
It's something that could be on the agenda once the Legislature gets back into
session" in January.

"It's a serious issue that's not going away. It can no longer be swept under the
rug. Who knows who will be in handcuffs next?" Horner added.

As part of his "Clean Up Albany Agenda," state Attorney General Andrew Cuomo -
the Democratic nominee for governor who prosecuted Hevesi - proposed pension
forfeiture for public officials convicted of a felony related to their duties.

"New Yorkers look at Albany and they see the chaos, dysfunction and corruption
of their government - and they get angry," Cuomo said when unveiling his anti-
corruption plan earlier this week. "I'm angry. I've been staring at the beast
for three years."

GOP gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino said that, if elected, he would go
after crooked politicians' pensions.

"Carl will explore all legal avenues and do everything possible to assure
pensions are not viewed as a fallback position for those contemplating criminal
activity," said Paladino spokesman Mike Caputo.

Both candidates for attorney general - Manhattan Democratic Sen. Eric
Schneiderman and Staten Island Republican DA Dan Donovan - endorsed pension
forfeiture during a debate yesterday.

Twenty other states and the federal government have laws that yank the pensions
from public officials convicted of corruption or other felonies.

But Hevesi himself will likely keep his two pensions totaling more than
$167,000. He gets a $105,000 pension for his service as city and state
comptroller and $62,000 for his years as a Queens College professor.

And so will a rogues' gallery of former state lawmakers convicted of corruption,
including former Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno, Bronx Sen. Guy Velella,
former Brooklyn Democratic leader and Assemblyman Clarence Norman and Queens
Assemblymen Brian McLaughlin and Anthony Seminerio, among others.

Cuomo noted the state Constitution clearly states that pension benefits for
government workers are part of a "contractual relationship" that "shall not be
diminished or impaired."

That means the Constitution must be revised or a new law approved to cover newly
elected or hired public official going forward.

The state Senate is poised to pass a pension-forfeiture bill. The measure,
sponsored by Sen. Craig Johnson (D-Nassau), has been reported out of committee
and could be voted on the next time that body meets.

His bill would actually give the state a year to go back and strip the pensions
of convicted officials.

"Taxpayers are victimized again each time these bad actors cash their pension
checks," Johnson said.

Asked about potential legal challenges to applying the law retroactively,
Johnson said, "Let them take us to court."

But similar bills are bottled up in the Assembly.

Albany-area Assemblyman Bob Riley said Democratic leadership has not been
interested in passing the pension-forfeiture measure he has championed the past
three years.

"They don't want to put elected officials in jeopardy of losing their pensions,"
Riley said.

One complaint raised, Riley said, is that spouses or children of a corrupt
official should not be punished.

He said his bill would allow a judge to consider transferring a pension to a
spouse.

Riley said Cuomo's support "gives me a little juice to get the bill passed."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NO MORE! State Sen. Craig Johnson (left) and AG Andrew Cuomo want to
take away pensions from crooked public officials.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Eric the Silent

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 331 words


Ever since Sheldon Silver's arrest, there's been nothing more thunderous in New
York than the silence of the state's top lawman, Eric Schneiderman.

If what US Attorney Preet Bharara alleges is true - that for years Assembly
Speaker Silver "monetized public office" - why should it have taken a federal
prosecutor to bring him down? Why wasn't it New York's attorney general?

Schneiderman has said before that our state laws don't give him much power
toprosecute crooked pols. But even if it's true, the excuse doesn't wash in this
case.

When Gov. Cuomo set up the Moreland Commission to "probe systemic public
corruption and the appearance of such corruption in state government, political
campaigns and elections in New York state," commission members were deputized
under Attorney General Schneiderman. This was done specifically to give them the
authority to investigate the Legislature.

Gov. Cuomo later shut down the Moreland Commission before it could finish its
work - as we can see by Bharara's corruption charges against Silver. He did so,
moreover, after his own staff had been pressuring Moreland investigators against
some subpoenas they'd wanted to send out.

Which leaves us with questions. First is whether the governor, in fact, had the
authority to take these powers from Schneid-­­­ erman's deputies in the middle
of their investigation. Even if he did, why wasn't Schneiderman screaming to
high heaven about what was happening to his deputies?

It's not like Schneiderman to be shy about asking for more power. Just last
month, after criticism of grand jury-decisions in Staten Island and Missouri
over police actions that left African-American men dead, the AG asked for the
power to investigate and prosecute cops involved in altercations with civilians.

But when it came to Albany's sleaze, the AG looked the other way.

Bharara says there's more coming. Every charge he proves will also be an
indictment of Eric Schneiderman's dereliction of duty.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

North Country Assembly members glad Silver stepped down as speaker

BYLINE: Joe LoTemplio, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


Jan. 29--PLATTSBURGH -- With the departure of Sheldon Silver as the State
Assembly speaker, North Country representatives Janet Duprey and Daniel Stec are
hoping they can see an end to corruption in government.

"I really do hope this is the beginning of some meaningful legislation and
policies that will tighten up on corruption," Duprey (R-Peru) told the
Press-Republican.

Silver agreed to step down as speaker Tuesday evening, as he is facing federal
charges.

The 70-year-old Manhattan Democrat was taken into custody last Thursday, accused
of taking nearly $4 million in payoffs and kickbacks.

Silver, who has served as speaker since 1994, says he is innocent.

He also said he will not give up his seat, despite stepping down as speaker.

"He certainly was one of the most powerful men in the state, and I think this
sends a signal to anyone that is thinking about committing fraud that this will
not be tolerated," Duprey said.

'TIME TO ACT'

Stec (R-Queensbury) said he was glad that Silver agreed to step down.

"I'm pleased that Assembly Democrats have finally joined me and my Republican
colleagues in recognizing that Mr. Silver should no longer continue as speaker,"
he said.

"Now is the time to work to address the ethical issues in the legislature and
enact real reforms in Albany, and I call on my colleagues to take action."

Assembly Majority Leader Joseph Morrelle, from Irondequoit near Rochester, will
become the acting speaker until a vote for a new speaker is held on Tuesday,
Feb. 10.

Duprey said she hopes the new speaker, whoever it is, will be good for the North
Country.

"I certainly hope we have someone who will look out for Upstate and the North
Country and not just New York City," she said.

"The rest of us need to be considered, and I hope the decision is not just based
on one area of the state."

Email Joe LoTemplio: jlotemplio:

Twitter: @jlotemplio

___ (c)2015 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150129-ZI-North-Country-Assembly-members-glad-Silver-stepped-down-as-speaker-0
129-20150129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2015 The Press-Republican


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 27, 2009 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

A reform governor's 'loopy' reforms Guest editorial o Gov. Quinn should attack
real problems, not nibble at the edges.

BYLINE: Copyright 2009, State Journal-Register

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 599 words

DATELINE: 0


Published in the State Journal-Register of Springfield, Ill., April 23, 2009.

It's been interesting to contrast the ideas that have come out of Gov. Pat
Quinn's Illinois Reform Commission and the ideas that have popped out of the
governor's own mouth.

Generally, the commission's ideas, which include campaign contribution limits,
instant disclosure of large donations and allowing local law enforcement to
wiretap in corruption investigations, have been well thought out.

Quinn's musings ... have been a bit loopy:

Mail-in voting: Mail-in voting might be a good idea if Illinois was Wisconsin
and our political culture understood that the corruption here is both systemic
and a national embarrassment. But despite all the speechifying that happened on
the day of Gov. Rod Blagojevich's removal from office and the reform rhetoric
emanating from the Capitol since, we worry the Statehouse crowd will do the bare
minimum when it comes to reform.

Mail-in voting has worked well in Oregon and Washington state. Those also are
not states whose histories are stained with allegations of stolen elections and
other corruption.

Ask yourself, do you trust today's Illinois politicians to competently
administer an election via mail and for it to be free of hijinks and chicanery?

Besides, Illinois recently implemented early voting, which added a great deal of
convenience. How easy must voting be? Shouldn't there be some extra effort
required, if only to emphasize the importance of this right?

Term limits: Before fully embracing term limits, we hope Quinn looks at
California and Ohio, where term limits have been an abject failure....

Term limits are a 1990s fad. Unfortunately, voters still love them, but
lawmakers here have wisely resisted. They ensure gridlock, shortsighted
lawmaking and a lack of institutional knowledge by elected officials.

The premise - cycling out entrenched lawmakers each decade to ensure fresh faces
and perspectives - seems like a good one on its face.

Here's the reality: The old bulls you thought you had gotten rid of then become
lobbyists, who are unelected and unaccountable. They ... manipulate the process
and the new, naïve legislators who have replaced them. It's like they never
left....

As much as the public loves to pillory legislators ..., they have a difficult
job that requires them to understand a variety of complex issues and navigate a
difficult process....

A better way to ensure turnover amongst lawmakers is to change Illinois'
ridiculous redistricting procedure. Currently, if legislators and the governor
cannot agree on a new map after every Census, an evenly divided, legislatively
appointed commission is supposed to draw it. The framers thought that
requirement would ensure an agreement crafted by both parties.... It has not.

The resulting gridlock triggers a provision that allows the party that wins a
lottery to draw the legislative map. Redistricting has turned into an
incumbent-protection racket as politicians pick their voters and punish the
opposing party.

A system like Iowa's, in which a computer model draws truly compact districts
based on population, not politics, could ensure more competitive elections and
turnover and have the virtue of not dumping the entire legislature's knowledge
all at once. Quinn should try to stoke voter demand for such a proposal.

Campaign fund giveback: Lastly, Quinn proposed that elected officials donate
their campaign funds to charity and start over in the event campaign finance
limits are passed. What a silly farce. It'll never happen and isn't worth the
pixels or ink required for further discussion.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           December 27, 2005 Tuesday

Survey reveals a dim view of Phila. politics;
Residents of the region were polled. The perception is that corruption in the
city is widespread.

BYLINE: Larry Eichel, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 414 words


Residents of this region tend to believe that political corruption is widespread
in Philadelphia, and some think corruption is more common here than in other
cities.

Those are among the findings of a Temple/Inquirer poll taken this fall.

In the survey, attitudes about the level of corruption in the city were
relatively consistent across most variables, including age, income, education
level, place of residence, and political party affiliation.

Overall, 40 percent of those questioned said there was "a lot" of political
corruption in Philadelphia, while only 8 percent said "not much" or "none at
all."

Suburbanites had a slightly less negative view of the corruption than city
residents. Thirty-seven percent of suburbanites said there was "a lot" of
corruption in the city, compared with 46 percent of Philadelphians.

For years, race has been a critical dividing line in Philadelphia politics. In
this survey, the differences between white and black attitudes toward corruption
were relatively small.

But blacks did express appreciably more positive attitudes than whites toward
the performance of city government as a whole.

For instance, 32 percent of the African Americans questioned rated the quality
of city government excellent or good. Only 22 percent of whites offered a
similar assessment.

When asked to rate the honesty of city officials, 46 percent of blacks rated
them somewhat or very dishonest, compared with 56 percent of whites.

Michael G. Hagen, the director of the Institute of Public Affairs at Temple
University, which conducted the poll, said that respondents likely saw questions
about honesty (as opposed to corruption) as being more explicitly about the
people now in city government, particularly Mayor Street.

Therefore, he said, it was not surprising that blacks or Democrats would
consider city government less dishonest than whites or Republicans and
independents.

The telephone poll of 1,500 adults, which has a margin of error of plus or minus
three percentage points, was taken from Oct. 24 through Nov. 6.

As the polling began, City Councilman Rick Mariano was indicted on charges of
bribery and fraud for allegedly selling his office.

Since then, on Dec. 6, lawyer Leonard N. Ross agreed to plead guilty to
corruption and extortion charges stemming from his role as the chairman of a
Street-appointed panel to select a developer for Penn's Landing. Ross was
Street's former law partner.

Contact staff writer Larry Eichel at 215-854-2415 or leichel@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 1, 1986, Wednesday, Final Edition

Bronx Leader Subverted Parking Unit, Jury Told;
Influential New York Democrat on Trial

BYLINE: Margot Hornblower, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 796 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 30, 1986


Six months have passed since the grisly suicide of Donald R. Manes, the powerful
Queens borough president, brought to light widespread municipal corruption in
New York City, touching off investigations, indictments and resignations of top
city officials.

Today, a lawyer, a businessman and three former city officials, including
Stanley M. Friedman, the influential leader of the Bronx Democratic Party, went
on trial on charges of turning the city's Parking Violations Bureau into a
"racketeering enterprise" and defrauding the city of hundreds of thousands of
dollars through bribery and kickback schemes.

Friedman was "a bribe broker," arranging payoffs for Manes and parking bureau
deputy director Geoffrey Lindenauer, so that a company he partly owned could win
a computer contract, U.S. Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani charged in his opening
statement to the jury.

The bureau, which collects $ 150 million in parking fines each year, became "an
enterprise for illegal plunder," Giuliani said, describing a web of political
patronage and allegedly corrupt business deals.

Thomas P. Puccio, Friedman's lawyer, said, "We don't dispute the fact there was
corruption and Donald Manes and Geoffrey Lindenauer were involved." But
Friedman, he said, was "a perfect victim," falsely implicated by Lindenauer, who
was under pressure to deliver "a big fish" to federal prosecutors after Manes'
death.

The trial, moved to New Haven because of heavy publicity in New York, pits two
renowned attorneys against each other. It is the first case that Giuliani, the
politically savvy prosecutor famous for his Mafia investigations, has chosen to
argue since his 1983 appointment by President Reagan. Puccio, the former
"Abscam" sting prosecutor, was attorney for Claus Von Bulow in his recent
acquittal of the attempted murder of his wife.

Whatever the outcome, the trial promises an unusual look at how the business of
Democratic Party politics is -- or was -- conducted in the nation's largest
city. Numerous reforms have been proposed in the scandals' wake, but only a few
token bills to limit conflict of interest on the part of city officials passed
the state legislature this session.

Friedman, the brash, cigar-smoking boss of the Bronx machine, was until recently
a close ally of Mayor Edward I. Koch and has been a fixture in New York politics
for nearly two decades, serving as deputy mayor in charge of patronage under
Abraham Beame before going into law practice with the late Roy M. Cohn.

As Puccio said of his client today, "What do political leaders do? They don't
sit around and play chess or pinochle. Political leaders sit around and make
deals . . . . Mr. Friedman knew the way the city worked and had appropriate
access to people who made the decisions . . . . "

According to Giuliani, Friedman and codefendant Michael J. Lazar, a real estate
magnate and former city transportation commissioner, along with Manes, "acted
like an outside board of directors" of the parking bureau, using bribery to
control decisions on which firms would receive the agency's lucrative
fine-collection contracts.

As Giuliani described it, Lindenauer -- who has pleaded guilty to reduced
charges of racketeering and will be the government's star witness -- and former
bureau director Lester Shafran, a codefendant in the trial, ran separate and
sometimes competing bribery rackets in 1982 and 1983.

Shafran, Friedman, Lazar and two other defendants -- Marvin B. Kaplan, chairman
of Citisource, a computer company, and Marvin H. Bergman, Manes' former law
partner -- have pleaded not guilty. Manes was named as an unindicted
coconspirator after his death.

The trial is expected to hinge in part on the credibility of Lindenauer, whose
unusual background as a psychologist, sex therapist, political protege and
friend of Manes,' will be subject to fierce scrutiny if today was any
indication.

In a flamboyant style unlike Giuliani's methodical delivery, Puccio pointed to
Giuliani and declared, "His mouth moved and words came out . . . but those were
not his words. They were the words of Geoffrey Lindenauer . . . .

"Lindenauer lied to his friends, lied to his family, lied to his colleagues,
lied to patients who he induced to have sexual relations with him supposedly to
further his treatment."

Lindenauer, Puccio charged, knew that Manes' father had committed suicide and
that "Manes would commit suicide before he would face charges. Mr. Lindenauer
manipulated Donald Manes into precisely that act -- the act of committing
suicide."

Lindenauer's attorney would not comment. Giuliani acknowledged Lindenauer and
several other government witnesses were "involved criminally, some up to their
eyeballs," but the government, he said, must use them to prove its case.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, STANLEY M. FRIEDMAN . . . focus of parking scandal trial

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 21, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

7 HELD IN CORRUPTION LINKED TO FEDERAL CONTRACTS

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: BUFFALO, Nov. 20


Seven people, including the Republican chairman of Niagara County and a former
official of Buffalo's new subway project, were arrested today on corruption
charges stemming from a 15-month investigation of Federal contracts in Erie and
Niagara Counties.

The charges of bribery, extortion and conspiracy are the result of separate
Federal investigations in the two counties that were combined because of links
provided by informants, according to a spokesman for the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Michael V. Kogut.

F.B.I. officials described the investigation as the most wide-ranging inquiry
into governmental fraud in the history of Erie and Niagara Counties. The F.B.I.
said its investigations were continuing and that at least three more arrests
were expected.

'Patterns of Corruption'

In Erie County, the investigators found ''patterns of corruption'' in the
contract award and construction review processes of the Niagara Frontier
Transportation Authority, the agency that is building the subway, according to
the F.B.I.'s special agent in charge, Philip D. Smith. Similar problems were
also found in housing projects that got Federal funds, he said.

The accused former transit official is John Fazzolari, who last month was
dismissed from his post as the downtown transit mall construction manager for
the transportation authority after the the authority began its own investigation
into his work. He was charged today with bribery, conspiracy and aiding and
abetting a conspiracy.

Mr. Fazzolari is charged with inflating a change order on the Buffalo Transit
Mall project to generate $26,000 in fraudulent charges.

He said he intended to plead not guilty. ''I didn't know anything like this was
going on,'' Mr. Fazzolari said at the F.B.I. office. ''That's all I can tell
you. Boy, what a day.'' Illegal Finder's Fee Is Charged The Niagara County
Republican chairman, Gerald I. Wolfgang, who is also secretary of the Republican
State Committee, was charged with receiving $10,000 in 1981 and 1982 as a
''finder's fee'' for a contract that had already been awarded and with
threatening to have the contract terminated through his political contacts if
the money was not paid.

According to affidavits submitted by the F.B.I., Mr. Wolfgang is charged with
threatening to use his influence as the county Republican chairman to cancel a
$300,000 chemical-waste removal contract between a contractor and the Stauffer
Chemical Company of Lewiston, unless he was paid the fee. . Mr. Wolfgang is also
charged with extortion. A telephone call to Mr. Wolfgang's house tonight was not
answered.

All seven defendants were arrested this morning and arraigned before a Federal
magistrate, J. Edmund Maxwell, according to Mr. Kogut. They were each released
on $5,000 bail.

Undercover F.B.I. Agent

An undercover F.B.I. agent was set up in a Buffalo office, posing as a
politically well-connected businessman. The F.B.I. videotaped a number of
business deals that transpired at his office.

Two other public officials were also charged. They are Joseph Smith, a member of
the Niagara Falls City Council, who was charged with bribery, and Anthony
Guthrie, a Niagara Falls building inspector, who was charged with bribery,
conspiracy and aiding and abetting a conspiracy.

The other people charged were Harold T. Frey, owner of the Frey Electrical
Construction Company, on charges of bribery and conspiracy; Francis A. Ferraina
of Tonawanda, an employee of the Nichter Construction Company, on charges of
bribery, conspiracy and aiding and abetting a conspiracy, and Marshall Weinstein
of East Amherst, a self-employed businessman, charged with bribery and
conspiracy.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 25, 2013 Monday

'Untold millions' lost to turnpike corruption

BYLINE: by BRAD BUMSTED

LENGTH: 1068 words


HARRISBURG - Colorado-based Ciber Inc. snagged a 2005 Turnpike Commission
contract with a $3.2 million bid almost seven times higher than IBM's $496,000
low bid, a decision that reeked of insider dealing, witnesses told a grand jury.

The Ciber contract, some witnesses testified, wasn't even necessary. It grew by
$62.7 million in 2006, an extension the grand jury called "dramatic and
unprecedented."

The grand jury's more than three-year investigation into turnpike operations
resulted in charges this month against eight people.

As the case continues, Ciber still does business with the state. PennDOT last
week said it awarded the company an $8.6 million contract that the agency said
was competitively bid and above board.

Attorney General Kathleen Kane, in announcing the charges, said corruption in
the turnpike case cost the state "untold millions."

Anyone using the turnpike since 2004 paid more for tolls. Yet how much any
corruption contributed to toll increases is not known. Since 2008, much of the
increased revenue from higher tolls has gone to PennDOT for statewide road work,
bridges and mass transit.

"There's no specific number (on corruption costs)," said Carl DeFebo, a Turnpike
Commission spokesman. Of the Ciber contract, he said: "We are pursuing all civil
remedies (for recovery), and the process is ongoing."

"If there is a kickback, the bid is jacked up," said Jack Treadway, former
chairman of the political science department at Kutztown University. "Lower
bidders don't have an equal chance."

Throughout state government, it's difficult, if not impossible, to estimate
corruption costs, said Jerry Shuster, a professor of political rhetoric at the
University of Pittsburgh.

"The actual cost in dollars and cents is pretty much incalculable," Shuster
said. "The major cost is damage to the public trust and the people who
administer it."

Proven corruption reinforces the public perception that all government officials
are corrupt, when that clearly is not true, he said.

Taxpayers bear burden

Since a 42.5 percent toll increase in 2004, the cost of driving the turnpike
increased from 5.9 cents per mile to 10.9 cents this year, or 8.6 cents with an
E-ZPass, according to agency figures.  Since 2004, 1.6 billion vehicles have
traveled the turnpike. During that period, they paid a combined $5.7 billion in
tolls, according to turnpike figures compiled by the Tribune-Review.

A share of those toll increases since 2008 stems from Act 44, which requires the
Turnpike Commission to pay $450 million a year to PennDOT.

For turnpike drivers who paid cash, tolls have risen 71 percent since 2008, said
Matthew Brouillette, president of the Commonwealth Foundation; for E-ZPass
customers, 35 percent.

"There is a tremendous cost to the people of Pennsylvania for the corruption and
mismanagement at the Turnpike Commission," he said.

Recent corruption cases in state government dug into taxpayers' pockets:

In the House Democratic bonus scandal, convicted officials provided $1.4 million
in bonuses to legislative staffers who worked on campaigns.

In a House Republican computer scandal, top GOP lawmakers and staff illegally
spent $10 million on computer equipment and databases purchased for campaigns.

Taxpayers paid $15.9 million in legal bills overall to defend House and Senate
members and staff before prosecutors charged them with crimes from 2007-12.

That does not include the tab for former Senate Minority Leader Bob Mellow,
D-Scranton, whose attorneys' fee records are in litigation. Mellow is serving a
federal sentence on a charge of conspiracy to commit mail fraud. Kane charged
him with nine counts in the turnpike case.

Since 2009, prosecutors charged 31 people with corruption in Northeastern
Pennsylvania, including judges, commissioners and senators. Twenty-eight of them
pleaded guilty or were convicted at trial. Two of the remaining three are
awaiting trial; the other case was resolved in a civil proceeding, according to
the U.S. attorney's office.

In Harrisburg and Pittsburgh, state, county and federal investigations led to
convictions of more than 30 people since 2009, including former lawmakers,
sitting legislators, people with ties to the Legislature and a Supreme Court
justice - most of them for using state resources for campaigns.

"What you can prove in a corruption investigation is probably 1/100th of what is
going on," said James West, former U.S. attorney for the Middle District of
Pennsylvania, who represents two turnpike whistleblowers in civil lawsuits.

Favored treatment

The grand jury charged that Ciber got the turnpike contract because a company
executive paid for trips and dinners for turnpike officials and contributed to
campaigns of senators with turnpike ties. A Ciber official received information
other bidders didn't get, the grand jury said.

Former Ciber vice president Dennis Miller formed a personal friendship with
former turnpike Chief Operating Officer George Hatalowich, the grand jury said.
It accused Miller of paying for gifts and trips for Hatalowich and other
turnpike officials, donating $19,000 to campaigns of ex-Sen. Vincent Fumo,
D-Philadelphia, and asking subcontractors to contribute to Fumo's campaigns.

Miller's lawyer, Mark Sheppard, could not be reached; nor could Catherine
Recker, who represents Hatalowich.

Ciber consultants received "repetitive, useless assignments," part of the "make
work" that enabled the company to bill for the full contract amounts, the grand
jury said.

A consultant testified that Miller received inside information about what it
would take to win the contract. His daughter, "with no experience whatsoever,"
became a turnpike consultant making more than $100 an hour, a witness said.

Kane charged Miller with offenses ranging from bid-rigging to theft. Hatalowich
is charged with incidents beyond the Ciber contract.

Miller no longer works for Ciber, said Betsy Loeff, the company's communications
director.

"There's an investigation under way, and we're cooperating," she said. "We'll
continue to cooperate."

Turnpike employees who testified to the grand jury about Ciber were fired or
believe they were demoted because of their testimony, the jury's report said.

From 2003 through 2006, Miller received about $309,000 in salary, $253,456 in
commissions and $28,641 in bonuses from the turnpike.

Brad Bumsted is the state Capitol reporter for Trib Total Media.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday
                                  Mich Edition

Local cop corruption case continues

BYLINE: JEFF PARROTT, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 444 words


More charges could be coming in connection with three former police officers
convicted on corruption-related charges, according to federal court documents.

A federal judge recently ordered U.S. Marshals to move former St. Joseph County
police officer Andrew Taghon from a West Virginia federal prison to northern
Indiana, so that Taghon could attend a hearing in Hammond, where he would
formally plead guilty to attempted robbery.

But the order also says Taghon's presence will be needed at a grand jury hearing
to take place sometime by the end of the day Friday.

The potential target of the grand jury probe was unclear. Prosecutors are
strictly forbidden from publicly discussing grand jury proceedings.

Meanwhile, U.S. District Judge Philip Simon on Monday formally accepted Taghon's
plea of guilty in an attempted robbery.

Andrew Taghon had filed his guilty plea with the court in October, as reported
by The Tribune shortly thereafter. Simon set his sentencing for April 6.

Taghon, already serving a six-year prison term after pleading guilty to
corruption-related charges, could face another four to five years for trying to
rob a gas station manager while he made a bank deposit. The manager was able to
fight off the robbery, prosecutors say.

Taghon's co-defendant, former South Bend police officer Jamie Buford, is set for
a Jan. 25 trial on the attempted robbery charge.

In the initial corruption case, Taghon, Buford and former county officer Ryan
Huston admitted to stealing merchandise and drugs from suspects - while they
were officers - and then selling it and keeping the cash.

Under binding plea agreements, Buford and Taghon received six-year prison terms.

Huston also pleaded guilty and stood to receive a similar sentence, but after
the attempted robbery indictments against Buford and Taghon came down, Huston
had his time reduced to 31/2 years for agreeing to cooperate with the government
in any other cases. Prosecutors have refused to confirm whether such cases
include the attempted robbery charges against Buford and Taghon.

But Huston, sentenced in October, has yet to report to a low-security federal
prison in Arizona to begin serving his time, meaning he would still be available
to testify at Buford's trial, according to federal prison records.

The judge recently ordered federal prison officials to move Buford from the
federal prison in Morgantown, W.Va. to one in this area, likely the Metropolitan
Correctional Center in Chicago, so that he can help his attorney prepare his
defense.

Taghon's plea agreement also requires him to testify truthfully in any other
cases.

Staff writer Jeff Parrott: jparrott@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6320

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 29, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

NEW YORK'S POLICE ALLOW CORRUPTION, MOLLEN PANEL SAYS

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1505 words


In a harshly critical report, a special mayoral panel asserted yesterday that
the New York City Police Department had failed at every level to uproot
corruption and had instead tolerated a culture that fostered misconduct and
concealed lawlessness by police officers.

The panel, called the Mollen Commission, agreed with police officials who
contend that corruption was not systemic, but rather isolated to small groups of
rogue officers. But the commission warned that if corruption itself was not
systemwide, the department's failure to address it was.

"We find as shocking the incompetence and the inadequacies of the department to
police itself," Milton Mollen, the commission chairman, said yesterday as the
panel released an interim report on its principal findings.

Will They Be Followed?

After an 18-month inquiry, the commission recommended a dual approach to
reforming the 30,000-member department, the nation's largest municipal force. It
called for the creation of an independent oversight agency, patterned after
itself, to scrutinize the department's anti-corruption investigations and for a
vast overhaul of the department's internal programs for preventing and detecting
misconduct.

It was unclear yesterday whether the Mollen Commission's recommendations would
ever be put into place.  Mayor-elect Rudolph W. Giuliani said he still favored a
special prosecutor to detect corruption and called the independent monitor "a
halfway step."

But regardless of whether its recommendations are enacted, the commission's
findings -- that there was a "reluctance to uncover and effectively investigate
corruption" and that "no one seemed to care" -- are likely to be used to bolster
whatever tack the new Mayor takes to solve the problem of police misconduct.

Final Report in Spring

Mr. Giuliani praised the panel yesterday for uncovering and identifying problems
and said the group could have as much time as needed to complete its work. Mr.
Mollen, a former State Supreme Court justice and a deputy mayor under Mayor
David N. Dinkins, said the commission, which was appointed in July 1992 by Mr.
Dinkins, will issue a final report in April or May.

The report made no mention of any mayoral responsibility to monitor police
corruption.

In its 20-page report, the commission said it found "a deep-rooted institutional
reluctance to uncover corruption in the department." It said the department had
"abandoned its responsibility to insure integrity" and had failed to instill in
supervisors, from the highest commanders to sergeants in the field, the message
"that fighting corruption must be one of the department's highest priorities."

Asked at a news conference if any of the last three Police Commissioners,
Benjamin Ward, Lee P. Brown and the current police head, Raymond W. Kelly,
should be held accountable for the breakdown in corruption controls, Mr. Mollen
said, "It is very difficult to hold any individual responsible."

Mr. Mollen said the first signs of widespread problems, including allegations
that police officers were stealing drugs and offering protection to narcotics
traffickers, occurred in the mid-1980's during Mr. Ward's tenure. But, he
continued, "this thing developed over the course of many years and during more
than one administration."

Kelly Faults Findings

Mr. Kelly was cited in the report for "number of laudable reforms in the
department's anti-corruption apparatus." But the panel said in the last year he
focused "largely on strengthening and centralizing investigative efforts, rather
than on prevention, root causes and conditions." And the commission noted that
Mr. Kelly acted only after it began its work.

Mr. Kelly, who will step down as Police Commissioner on Jan. 9, disputed the
commission's criticism of the department, saying, "It besmirches the reputation
of the department with a rather broad brush that I don't think is appropriate or
warranted."

Mr. Kelly, who often exchanged testy words with the commission over the extent
of abuses in the department and who was responsible for it, said he accepted the
panel's recommendation of an outside agency to oversee the department's anti-
corruption programs.

"It is not a bad idea to have some entity outside the department putting its
feet to the fire," Mr. Kelly said.

The Police Commissioner, who was selected by Mayor David N. Dinkins in October
1992 to head the department, will be replaced by William J. Bratton, the Police
Commissioner of Boston and the former chief of the New York City Transit
Authority's police force. Mr. Bratton said through an aide yesterday that he
probably would withhold comment on the report until he takes over as the city's
Police Commissioner.

P.B.A. Sees Politics

The commission also had scathing words for the Patrolmen's Benevolent
Association. The report said that a "variety of sources, including police
officers and prosecutors" reported that police unions interfered with efforts to
uncover corruption. The report claimed that delegates of the Patrolmen's
Association "have attempted to thwart law-enforcement efforts into police
corruption and that "the P.B.A. often acts as a shelter for officers who commit
acts of misconduct."

Phil Caruso, the president of the association, which represents 20,000 officers,
assailed the charges "as a cheap parting shot from the Dinkins administration,
obviously in retaliation that the P.B.A. strongly opposed Dinkins in the last
election."

"If we find dirty cops," he said in an interview, "we don't protect them."

Mr. Caruso said hearings in September and October by the commission had produced
"a negative impact on the image and morale of police officers." The association,
Mr. Caruso, would support an outside monitor "as the best way to rebuild public
confidence in the Police Department."

Prosecutor Until '90

Mr. Giuliani said he also supported the general concept of an outside monitor,
but that he wanted it to take the form of a special prosecutor, who would have
more power to fight corruption. The Mollen Commission proposed that an outside
monitor be given subpoena and investigative powers, as well as access to police
department corruption files, but that it not act as a prosecutor.

In 1973 the Governor and the Legislature created the office of a special state
prosecutor after a previous police-corruption scandal. It was financed by the
state and abolished in 1990 as an unneeded tool by Gov. Mario M. Cuomo and the
Legislature.

Mr. Mollen cautioned that a special prosecutor would rekindle jurisdictional
problems and friction with the five district attorneys and two United States
Attorneys in the city. He said the commission, in its final report, would
consider the feasibility of authorizing the city's Department of Investigation
to oversee police anti-corruption programs.

Aides to Mr. Giuliani said he might support the Department of Investigation
proposal if a special prosecutor's office is unfeasible.

The New York Civil Liberties Union said the proposed permanent commission would
lack the authority "to wage an effective, ongoing battle against corruption" and
that it favored a special prosecutor or inspector general as a watchdog.

The civil liberties union said the report failed to emphasize problems of police
brutality and criticized the Mollen Commission for making undocumented charges
that the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association blocked corruption investigations.

The commission's report said "an external force is needed to maintain a sense of
commitment and accountability," based on the testimony at public hearings and on
confidential interviews with scores of officers and prosecutors and on an
analysis of department records.

"From the top brass down to local precinct commanders and supervisors," the
commission said, "there was a pervasive belief that uncovering serious
corruption would harm careers and the reputation of the department."

Community Policing

At a news conference following the release of the report, Mr. Mollen said
corruption and abuses by the police fostered public distrust that could endanger
the department's community policing program. That program emphasizes putting
officers on foot patrol to establish closer relations with residents in their
precincts and to spot potential crime problems before they develop.

The commission said its final report would recommend new anti-corruption
tactics, including closer screening of recruits, anti-corruption training
methods and ways to insure that supervisors are held accountable for corruption
and misconduct in their commands.

The proposed independent oversight agency would be headed by three to five
unsalaried commissioners. The investigative and monitoring work would be
conducted by a full-time staff of about 20 lawyers and investigators. The Mollen
Commission has five unpaid commissioners who determine policy, and since it was
organized in the summer of 1992, the commission has spent $1.4 million. At its
peak, it had a staff of 20.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "We find as shocking the incompetence and the inadequacies of
the department to police itself," Milton Mollen, the chairman of the Mollen
Commission, said yesterday at a news conference as the panel released an interim
report on its principle findings. (Sara Krulwich/The New York Times) (pg. B2)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 17, 2017 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Trump's labor nominee fought corruption here;
Acosta's office brought down several elected officials in the county.

BYLINE:  By John Pacenti     Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1100 words


His may not be a household name, but residents of Palm Beach County know the
work of Alex Acosta, the former U.S. attorney set to be the first and only
Hispanic in President Donald Trump's Cabinet if confirmed as labor secretary.

Acosta, a Cuban-American, served as U.S. attorney for the Southern District of
Florida from 2006 to 2009 and spearheaded public corruption prosecutions here
after reports in The Palm Beach Post and federal investigations. When the dust
settled, the political landscape in "Corruption County" had forever changed.

His office also was involved in the controversial prosecution of billionaire
Jeffrey Epstein, deciding in 2008 to let state prosecutors handle charges that
Epstein engaged in sex with dozens of underage girls in what victims in a court
document called "a sweetheart plea deal."

But Acosta's public corruption prosecutions took plenty of scalps.

Palm Beach County Commissioners Tony Masilotti, Warren Newell and Mary McCarty
and West Palm Beach City Commissioners Jim Exline and Ray Liberti ended up doing
time on corruption charges. And they were just the big names.

Trump quickly nominated Acosta on Thursday after his initial pick to lead the
Labor Department -- fast-food executive Andrew F. Puzder -- withdrew his name
after concerns emerged among both Democrats and Republicans about his business
record and character.

Dean at FIU

Acosta is currently the dean of the College of Law at Miami's Florida
International University. A Harvard graduate, he served briefly as a member of
the National Labor Relations Board. He also was the assistant attorney general
for the Civil Rights Division for the Justice Department prior to coming to
Florida.

In Acosta, Trump gets a lifelong Republican who knows the Washington landscape
and the confirmation process well.

Palm Beach County Circuit Judge John Kastrenakes, who was the lead federal
prosecutor on the corruption cases, said Acosta was hands-on in cleaning up the
pay-for-play culture in Palm Beach County.

"When it came to the prosecution of public officials, politics was never an
issue with Alex. It was never once discussed. He just wanted to do the right
thing. He was great U.S. attorney," he said.

Miami lawyer Jeffrey Sloman served as Acosta's chief assistant at the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Miami. A Democrat, he called Acosta a perfect pick
following the withdrawal of Puzder. "He respects the process. He is not an
ideologue," he said.

Former U.S. Attorney Guy Lewis got to know the man who would be a successor
while both were serving in the Justice Department in Washington. Lewis said
Acosta had "incredible experience" with the NLRB and in the Justice Department.

The Southern District of Florida is considered one of the "most dynamic and
difficult districts in the U.S." spanning from Fort Pierce to Key West, Lewis
noted.

Lewis, also a Miami attorney, said as the dean of the College of Law at FIU
since 2009, Acosta has raised the profile of the commuter school tremendously.
"We regularly recruit out of FIU, and really to a person they love Alex," he
said. "He has really raised their profile."

But Lewis said Acosta brings to Trump's Cabinet something it has been sorely
lacking: a Hispanic.

"Alex really brings to the table the Cuban-American experience," he said.
"Diversity is a good a thing, and Alex will bring the perspective that very few
people have."

Acosta is the third Floridian that part-time Palm Beach resident Trump has
tapped for his Cabinet. Trump nominated Palm Beach resident Wilbur Ross for
commerce secretary and Palm Beach Gardens resident Ben Carson for secretary of
housing and urban development. Ross and Carson have received committee approval
but have not been confirmed by the full Senate.

Acosta was not by Trump's side when his nomination was announced in Washington.
The president lauded Acosta's Ivy League credentials and said: "He has had a
tremendous career. He will be a tremendous secretary of labor."

The administration also released a statement by Trump:

"Throughout his career, Alex Acosta has been a passionate advocate for equal
opportunity for all Americans," said Trump, adding that the South Floridian
would be "a key part of achieving our goal of revitalizing the American economy,
manufacturing and labor force."

Acosta, never known for grandstanding, simply stated in the news release that he
was deeply grateful and honored for the opportunity to serve. "I am eager to
work tirelessly on behalf of the American worker," he said.

Though far from the polarizing figure of Puzder, Acosta may face some questions
about the Epstein case and his time as head of the Justice Department's Civil
Rights Division under President George W. Bush.

Acosta was criticized in two 2009 reports from the Justice Department's Office
of the Inspector General, citing him for failing to supervise a rogue section
chief and writing an Ohio judge days before the 2004 presidential election
supporting a Republican viewpoint on voter challenges.

'Astonished'

Kristen Clarke, the president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee
for Civil Rights Under Law, said she was "astonished" at Acosta's nomination.

"Acosta led the Civil Rights Division at a time that was marked by stark
politicization, and other improper hiring and personnel decisions that were
fully laid to bare in a 2008 report issued by the Office of Inspector General,"
Clarke said in a statement.

She said political and ideological affiliations were used as a litmus test to
evaluate job candidates and career attorneys. "It is hard to believe that Mr.
Acosta would now be nominated to lead a federal agency tasked with promoting
lawful hiring practices and safe workplaces," Clarke wrote.

Another issue that may bedevil Acosta in a confirmation is Epstein, a
billionaire with reported ties to both Trump, former President Bill Clinton and
Britain's Prince Andrew.

Last year, new documents revealed the "sweetheart plea deal' for Epstein -- who
was facing substantial prison time -- where both Acosta and then-State Attorney
Barry Krischer bowed to pressure by Epstein's powerful cadre of attorneys.

Victims were kept in the dark about the deal that included a federal
non-prosecution agreement. Epstein pleaded guilty to two minor state charges.

"The government does not write even a single sentence explaining why it entered
into an NPA (non-prosecution agreement) with a sex offender who had committed
hundreds of federal sex offenses against young girls," read a court motion in
civil litigation seeking to invalidate the plea deal.

Staff writer George Bennett contributed to this story. jpacenti@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

Nine Oklahoma journalists to join Hall of Fame

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1533 words


Two investigative reporters at The Oklahoman are among nine outstanding Oklahoma
journalists who will be inducted April 28 into the Oklahoma Journalism Hall of
Fame.Nolan Clay and Randy Ellis will join Louise Abercrombie of the Ponca City
News; the late Bob Barry Jr., of KFOR-TV; Virginia Bradshaw of the Countywide
&amp; Sun in Tecumseh; Janet Pearson, retired from the Tulsa World; Bill Perry
of OETA; Kenneth O. Reid of Weatherford; and Rita Sherrow of the Tulsa
World.Induction will take place during the Hall of Fame's 46th anniversary
celebration April 28 on the University of Central Oklahoma campus in
Edmond.Nolan Clay&nbsp;joined The Oklahoman in 1985 and distinguishing himself
as an investigative reporter with more than 100 state, regional and national
awards for excellence.His work on the Oklahoma City bombing involved covering
the 1997 Denver trials of both Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, McVeigh's
execution in 2001 and co-conspirator Nichols' state trial in 2004.Clay is a
consultant for the Oklahoma City National Memorial &amp; Museum.Other stories by
Clay have exposed corruption by state officials and wrongdoing in a governor's
campaign. In 2015, he broke the story on the state Corrections Department using
the wrong drug in an execution.He worked at the Sulphur Times-Democrat in the
summers of 1981 and 1982 and the Tulsa Tribune in 1984.Clay graduated from the
University of Oklahoma in 1982 with a bachelor's and from the University of
Missouri in 1983 with a master's degree.

Both degrees were in journalism.Randy Ellis, a tenacious investigative reporter,
joined The Oklahoman in 1982 and has spent more than three decades exposing
public corruption and government waste throughout Oklahoma.Known for his
analytical mind, Ellis worked individually and as part of investigative teams to
expose corruption in higher education, gubernatorial campaign financing, county
government, school bond financing, the Oklahoma Legislature and other state and
local government offices.He also helped cover some of the most tragic events in
Oklahoma history, including the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal
Building and several deadly tornadoes.His efforts earned him more than 110
state, regional and national awards for journalistic excellence.Ellis worked as
a state desk reporter for the Arkansas Gazette in Little Rock from 1979-82 and
as a reporter for the Southwest Times Record in Fort Smith, Ark., from
1977-1979. A native of Kansas, he earned a journalism degree from Kansas State
University in 1977.Louise Abercrombie&nbsp;- Abercrombie, business editor of the
Ponca City News, has worked there since 1968. She's known for her research and
accuracy as lead reporter covering all facets of community news. She's
interviewed one-on-one six Oklahoma governors and covered five presidents,
several international leaders and many members of Congress. Her reporting
included acquisition of the Marland Mansion and the creation of Kaw Dam. Her
15-year column, "Lookin' With Lou," appears every Sunday, and her series "Women
of the 80's" followed 110 women. She does the photography associated with all
her stories. Involved in numerous community causes, she was the first woman
named Outstanding Citizen of Ponca City. Honors include the Oklahoma Small
Business Administration Journalist of the Year and the Oklahoma Press
Association Beachy Musselman Award. It's said no story is verified unless Louise
reports it.&nbsp;Bob Barry Jr. (1956-2015)&nbsp;- Barry was KFOR-TV's sports
director and weeknight sports anchor at the time of his death. He joined the
station as a weekend sports anchor in 1982 after working at KAUZ-TV in Wichita
Falls. He began his career in Oklahoma City in 1980 as sports director for
KAUT-TV, then moved to KTVT-TV where his father was sports director. Beginning
in 1993, he hosted a talk radio show, "Sports Morning," on Oklahoma City's
WWLS-AM/FM "The Sports Animal." He hosted several coaches' shows for OU and OSU
since his radio career started as a Norman High School sophomore in 1973. He
earned a BA at OU in Radio/TV/Film-Journalism. He created the Channel 4
basketball team, "The Foul Shots," in 1982, which has raised more than $1
million for charities. He served as head coach and general manager and holds the
team's record for most 3-point shots attempted and missed. Many awards include
Oklahoma Sportscaster of the Year six times by the National Sportscasters and
Sportswriters Association. His wife, Gina, and four adult children survive
him.Virginia Bradshaw&nbsp;- Bradshaw, an award-winning reporter for the
Countywide &amp; Sun in Tecumseh since 2012, was a Chandler High School senior
when a feature she wrote won her a Chand-ler News-Publicist job. Between
freshman and sophomore years at OU, she worked brief periods at the Woodward
Daily Press, Alva Review-Courier and Anadarko Daily News. She was the Oklahoma
Daily society editor, hosted a women's program on OU's KUVY and, after earning a
BA in journalism, became St. Gregory's College public information
director/journalism teacher. She worked at the Norman Transcript; spent 26 years
as a Shawnee News-Star public affairs/general news reporter; and wrote for The
Oklahoman, covering Pottawatomie County. She met her late husband of 55 years,
Jim Bradshaw (Hall of Fame, 1995) at the Shawnee News-Star when she asked him if
he knew of any summer jobs. He didn't, but asked her for a date. The author of
two books, she is a member of the Oklahoma Press Association's Quarter and Half
Century clubs.&nbsp;Janet Pearson&nbsp;- Pearson joined the Tulsa World in 1974,
a year before graduating from the University of Tulsa. In a 20-year reporting
career she covered a multitude of beats including energy, poverty,
transportation, medicine and social services. She became synonymous with the
words "Tulsa City Hall." She joined the editorial board in 1994 and was named
associate editor in 2007. She championed health and social issues, and was an
expert on economic development issues. She played a major role leading the
World's fight against cockfighting, earning the Genesis Award from the national
Humane Society. She won numerous other state and national honors including from
AP/One for coverage of the Tar Creek disaster. She retired in 2013. Since
retiring from the Tulsa World, Pearson has been writing and recording occasional
commentaries for KWGS, the NPR affiliate in Tulsa.&nbsp;Bill Perry&nbsp;- Perry,
vice president of content production at OETA, had been a director, photographer,
reporter and anchor at KTEN-TV in Ada by the time he graduated from East Central
University in 1972. At KOCO-TV in the early 1970s, he anchored weekends and was
a reporter. He has worked for KDFW-TV in Dallas; WAVE-TV in Louisville, Ky.;
WBBH-TV in Fort Myers, Fla.; and at WATE-TV in Knoxville, Tenn. Returning to
Oklahoma in 1986, he worked at KTEN and KAUT in Oklahoma City in advertising
sales. He joined OETA in 1990 as the news department's field bureau manager.
Developing numerous documentaries with Emmy nominations and other awards, his
work has earned eight regional Emmy Awards and two Western Heritage Wrangler
Awards. As regional vice president of the Heartland Chapter Emmy Awards, he is
responsible for bringing the annual Emmy Awards Gala to Oklahoma City. He has
been inducted into the "Silver Circle" of the Heartland Emmy
Chapter.&nbsp;Kenneth O. Reid&nbsp;- Reid was active in the ownership of
10&nbsp;Oklahoma newspapers before retiring in 1991. After graduating from OU in
journalism in 1950, he was ad manager at the Claremore Progress for Ed Livermore
Sr., Wheeler Mayo and Ed Burchfiel. In 1953, they bought the Pauls Valley Daily
Democrat, and he and Burchfiel soon bought the Wewoka Daily Times and Frederick
Daily Leader. In 1962, the Pauls Valley Daily Democrat became Oklahoma's first
offset daily paper. In 1972, he bought the Weatherford Daily News, converting it
to offset. He eventually bought the Vinita Daily Journal, the Nowata Star, the
Perry Daily Journal, the Kingfisher Times and Free-Press, and the Sand Springs
Leader and Times. Reared in the first above-ground house in old Greer County, he
attended Altus schools and served in the infantry in WWII. He served as district
Rotary governor and president of the Oklahoma Press Association.&nbsp;Rita L.
Sherrow&nbsp;- Sherrow has served as the Tulsa World's TV world editor and
television editor for 37 years, covering local and national TV news and
programming. She writes a TV column for Weekend magazine, and her "TVtype" blog
is one of the paper's most popular. She is a walking, talking history of Tulsa
television - even the stations turn to her for answers. She is a feature writer
for the Scene section. A graduate of Broken Arrow High School, she joined the
World in 1971 as an intern before earning a bachelor's in journalism/advertising
from the University of Tulsa in 1972. She served as bridal editor and senior
feature writer for the Family section. Since 1975, she's been a full-time
volunteer at the Tulsa State Fair as assistant horse superintendent and
volunteers with SPCA as a dog socializer and rescues dogs near her horse ranch
south of Tulsa.&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

Nine Oklahoma journalists to join Hall of Fame

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1533 words


Two investigative reporters at The Oklahoman are among nine outstanding Oklahoma
journalists who will be inducted April 28 into the Oklahoma Journalism Hall of
Fame.Nolan Clay and Randy Ellis will join Louise Abercrombie of the Ponca City
News; the late Bob Barry Jr., of KFOR-TV; Virginia Bradshaw of the Countywide
&amp; Sun in Tecumseh; Janet Pearson, retired from the Tulsa World; Bill Perry
of OETA; Kenneth O. Reid of Weatherford; and Rita Sherrow of the Tulsa
World.Induction will take place during the Hall of Fame's 46th anniversary
celebration April 28 on the University of Central Oklahoma campus in
Edmond.Nolan Clay&nbsp;joined The Oklahoman in 1985 and distinguishing himself
as an investigative reporter with more than 100 state, regional and national
awards for excellence.His work on the Oklahoma City bombing involved covering
the 1997 Denver trials of both Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols, McVeigh's
execution in 2001 and co-conspirator Nichols' state trial in 2004.Clay is a
consultant for the Oklahoma City National Memorial &amp; Museum.Other stories by
Clay have exposed corruption by state officials and wrongdoing in a governor's
campaign. In 2015, he broke the story on the state Corrections Department using
the wrong drug in an execution.He worked at the Sulphur Times-Democrat in the
summers of 1981 and 1982 and the Tulsa Tribune in 1984.Clay graduated from the
University of Oklahoma in 1982 with a bachelor's and from the University of
Missouri in 1983 with a master's degree.

Both degrees were in journalism.Randy Ellis, a tenacious investigative reporter,
joined The Oklahoman in 1982 and has spent more than three decades exposing
public corruption and government waste throughout Oklahoma.Known for his
analytical mind, Ellis worked individually and as part of investigative teams to
expose corruption in higher education, gubernatorial campaign financing, county
government, school bond financing, the Oklahoma Legislature and other state and
local government offices.He also helped cover some of the most tragic events in
Oklahoma history, including the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal
Building and several deadly tornadoes.His efforts earned him more than 110
state, regional and national awards for journalistic excellence.Ellis worked as
a state desk reporter for the Arkansas Gazette in Little Rock from 1979-82 and
as a reporter for the Southwest Times Record in Fort Smith, Ark., from
1977-1979. A native of Kansas, he earned a journalism degree from Kansas State
University in 1977.Louise Abercrombie&nbsp;- Abercrombie, business editor of the
Ponca City News, has worked there since 1968. She's known for her research and
accuracy as lead reporter covering all facets of community news. She's
interviewed one-on-one six Oklahoma governors and covered five presidents,
several international leaders and many members of Congress. Her reporting
included acquisition of the Marland Mansion and the creation of Kaw Dam. Her
15-year column, "Lookin' With Lou," appears every Sunday, and her series "Women
of the 80's" followed 110 women. She does the photography associated with all
her stories. Involved in numerous community causes, she was the first woman
named Outstanding Citizen of Ponca City. Honors include the Oklahoma Small
Business Administration Journalist of the Year and the Oklahoma Press
Association Beachy Musselman Award. It's said no story is verified unless Louise
reports it.&nbsp;Bob Barry Jr. (1956-2015)&nbsp;- Barry was KFOR-TV's sports
director and weeknight sports anchor at the time of his death. He joined the
station as a weekend sports anchor in 1982 after working at KAUZ-TV in Wichita
Falls. He began his career in Oklahoma City in 1980 as sports director for
KAUT-TV, then moved to KTVT-TV where his father was sports director. Beginning
in 1993, he hosted a talk radio show, "Sports Morning," on Oklahoma City's
WWLS-AM/FM "The Sports Animal." He hosted several coaches' shows for OU and OSU
since his radio career started as a Norman High School sophomore in 1973. He
earned a BA at OU in Radio/TV/Film-Journalism. He created the Channel 4
basketball team, "The Foul Shots," in 1982, which has raised more than $1
million for charities. He served as head coach and general manager and holds the
team's record for most 3-point shots attempted and missed. Many awards include
Oklahoma Sportscaster of the Year six times by the National Sportscasters and
Sportswriters Association. His wife, Gina, and four adult children survive
him.Virginia Bradshaw&nbsp;- Bradshaw, an award-winning reporter for the
Countywide &amp; Sun in Tecumseh since 2012, was a Chandler High School senior
when a feature she wrote won her a Chandler News-Publicist job. Between freshman
and sophomore years at OU, she worked brief periods at the Woodward Daily Press,
Alva Review-Courier and Anadarko Daily News. She was the Oklahoma Daily society
editor, hosted a women's program on OU's KUVY and, after earning a BA in
journalism, became St. Gregory's College public information director/journalism
teacher. She worked at the Norman Transcript; spent 26 years as a Shawnee
News-Star public affairs/general news reporter; and wrote for The Oklahoman,
covering Pottawatomie County. She met her late husband of 55 years, Jim Bradshaw
(Hall of Fame, 1995) at the Shawnee News-Star when she asked him if he knew of
any summer jobs. He didn't, but asked her for a date. The author of two books,
she is a member of the Oklahoma Press Association's Quarter and Half Century
clubs.&nbsp;Janet Pearson&nbsp;- Pearson joined the Tulsa World in 1974, a year
before graduating from the University of Tulsa. In a 20-year reporting career
she covered a multitude of beats including energy, poverty, transportation,
medicine and social services. She became synonymous with the words "Tulsa City
Hall." She joined the editorial board in 1994 and was named associate editor in
2007. She championed health and social issues, and was an expert on economic
development issues. She played a major role leading the World's fight against
cockfighting, earning the Genesis Award from the national Humane Society. She
won numerous other state and national honors including from AP/One for coverage
of the Tar Creek disaster. She retired in 2013. Since retiring from the Tulsa
World, Pearson has been writing and recording occasional commentaries for KWGS,
the NPR affiliate in Tulsa.&nbsp;Bill Perry&nbsp;- Perry, vice president of
content production at OETA, had been a director, photographer, reporter and
anchor at KTEN-TV in Ada by the time he graduated from East Central University
in 1972. At KOCO-TV in the early 1970s, he anchored weekends and was a reporter.
He has worked for KDFW-TV in Dallas; WAVE-TV in Louisville, Ky.; WBBH-TV in Fort
Myers, Fla.; and at WATE-TV in Knoxville, Tenn. Returning to Oklahoma in 1986,
he worked at KTEN and KAUT in Oklahoma City in advertising sales. He joined OETA
in 1990 as the news department's field bureau manager. Developing numerous
documentaries with Emmy nominations and other awards, his work has earned eight
regional Emmy Awards and two Western Heritage Wrangler Awards. As regional vice
president of the Heartland Chapter Emmy Awards, he is responsible for bringing
the annual Emmy Awards Gala to Oklahoma City. He has been inducted into the
"Silver Circle" of the Heartland Emmy Chapter.&nbsp;Kenneth O. Reid&nbsp;- Reid
was active in the ownership of 10&nbsp;Oklahoma newspapers before retiring in
1991. After graduating from OU in journalism in 1950, he was ad manager at the
Claremore Progress for Ed Livermore Sr., Wheeler Mayo and Ed Burchfiel. In 1953,
they bought the Pauls Valley Daily Democrat, and he and Burchfiel soon bought
the Wewoka Daily Times and Frederick Daily Leader. In 1962, the Pauls Valley
Daily Democrat became Oklahoma's first offset daily paper. In 1972, he bought
the Weatherford Daily News, converting it to offset. He eventually bought the
Vinita Daily Journal, the Nowata Star, the Perry Daily Journal, the Kingfisher
Times and Free-Press, and the Sand Springs Leader and Times. Reared in the first
above-ground house in old Greer County, he attended Altus schools and served in
the infantry in WWII. He served as district Rotary governor and president of the
Oklahoma Press Association.&nbsp;Rita L. Sherrow&nbsp;- Sherrow has served as
the Tulsa World's TV world editor and television editor for 37 years, covering
local and national TV news and programming. She writes a TV column for Weekend
magazine, and her "TVtype" blog is one of the paper's most popular. She is a
walking, talking history of Tulsa television - even the stations turn to her for
answers. She is a feature writer for the Scene section. A graduate of Broken
Arrow High School, she joined the World in 1971 as an intern before earning a
bachelor's in journalism/advertising from the University of Tulsa in 1972. She
served as bridal editor and senior feature writer for the Family section. Since
1975, she's been a full-time volunteer at the Tulsa State Fair as assistant
horse superintendent and volunteers with SPCA as a dog socializer and rescues
dogs near her horse ranch south of Tulsa.&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  September 14, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Samaranch Optimistic; IOC Head Won't Talk of Trouble

Amy Shipley , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: SYDNEY, Sept. 14 (Thursday)


On the eve of his final Olympics as president of the International Olympic
Committee, Juan Antonio Samaranch responded vaguely or ignored questions about
lingering corruption in the Olympic movement and instead attempted to turn
attention toward the staggering commercial growth of the Olympic Games during
his 20-year tenure.

Having overseen the transformation of the Olympics from a boycott-plagued and
nearly bankrupt venture in 1980 to an event that generates more than $ 1.3
billion from television rights fees alone and will cost Sydney about $ 3.5
billion to stage, Samaranch used his only pre-Olympic news conference today to
illuminate his successes and brush aside what many consider major failings.

"The Olympic Games are stronger than ever," Samaranch said. "I am sure in 2001 I
will leave to my successor, the eighth president of the IOC, an organization
much stronger than I received, and the proof is this: 21 [thousand] journalists
in Sydney."

Indeed, there about double the number of media representatives than there are
athletes (about 10,700 are expected). The television audience will be the
largest ever, reaching an estimated 3.7 billion viewers in 220 nations.

When Samaranch took over the IOC presidency in 1980, dozens of nations boycotted
the Moscow Summer Games and only one city--Los Angeles--cared to bid for the
1984 Summer Games. Now, dozens of cities compete for the right to host the
Olympics, a competitive reality that led to reports of bribes and the biggest
corruption scandal in the organization's 104-year history.

Samaranch, though, dismissed concerns about gigantism and other issues.

Asked about a slate of embarrassing problems that have hit the IOC the last
week, he said he did not know of any problems. Last Friday, two Olympic
officials were refused entry into the Australia because the immigrations
minister deemed them security threats. The immigrations office later revealed
that it admitted another 20 to 40 Olympic officials who would usually be denied
entrance because of criminal histories or other background questions. And it
came to light this week that Samaranch lobbied the Indonesian government to
allow a jailed IOC member to attend the Games.

On Wednesday, Peter Eigen, the chairman of the German-based Corruption
Perceptions Index, said during a news conference in Berlin: "Corruption takes
many forms and is a universal cancer. On the eve of the Olympic Games . . . it
is worth recalling the fact that some of the leaders of the bribe-scarred IOC
are still running the show."

Samaranch said he had not seen any report, so "I cannot give you my opinion."

Ten members resigned or were expelled from the IOC in the last two years because
of their involvement in the bribery scandal that engulfed the campaign of Salt
Lake City, which bid successfully to bring the Winter Games to the United States
in 2002. Samaranch reiterated his concern about the release of Salt Lake City
files during a coming trial that might do further damage to the reputations of
IOC members.

"The attack of members of the IOC, only with rumors and not facts, we cannot
accept," Samaranch said, adding, "we are not very worried because we are used to
reading and watching things and rumors that aren't true."

These Games, Samaranch told members Monday during an organization meeting in
central Sydney, will be a turning point for the Olympic movement.

"After Sydney, I think we will be able to say we have transformed the IOC,"
Samaranch said. "We will have modernized it and brought it up to date."

In other news, the IOC elected former U.S. Olympic Committee president Bill Hybl
for membership. Meantime, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) dismissed the
appeals of former Cuban kayaker Angel Perez and diver Arturo Miranda, both of
whom challenged the IOC's denial of their bids to compete in the Olympic Games
under non-Cuban flags.

Perez, who qualified for the U.S. Olympic kayak team, and Miranda, who won a
place on the Canadian Olympic team, wanted to compete for those countries, but
Cuba had blocked their attempts, citing a clause in the Olympic charter that
requires a three-year period before athletes who change citizenship can compete
for their new nations. Cuba refused to waive that ban, and CAS upheld its
decision.

USOC spokesman Mike Moran said the organization plans to take further action on
Perez's behalf but did not elaborate.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday

Williams eyes perfect swansong

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 460 words


Wales will look to give retiring winger Shane Williams the perfect send-off by
beating a southern hemisphere power for the first time in three years in today's
Test against Australia at Cardiff. In what is a repeat of the World Cup
third-place play-off that Australia won 21-18, Williams, 34, will make his 87th
and final appearance in a Wales jersey aiming to add to his haul of 59
international tries - which puts him third on the all-time list. - AP

Corruption watchdog cuts ties with Fifa

Global anti-corruption watchdog Transparency International has cut ties with
Fifa out of frustration with football's embattled world governing body, dealing
a blow to president Sepp Blatter's anti-corruption mission. Transparency
International said its working relationship with Blatter's organisation broke
down because past allegations of wrongdoing won't be investigated. - AP

Liverpool's Lucas to miss rest of season

Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva will miss the rest of the season after he
damaged knee ligaments in his team's 2-0 League Cup quarter-final win over
Chelsea. The Brazil international was hurt in a seemingly innocuous challenge,
then played on for a couple of minutes before collapsing and getting stretchered
off. A scan had showed that Lucas injured the anterior cruciate ligament and
needs surgery. - AP

Ronaldo in World Cup committee

Former Brazil striker Ronaldo will be one of the three members on the country's
2014 World Cup organising committee. The 34-year-old three-time Fifa World
Player of the Year, who retired in February, said he will be the "voice" of the
committee and will not receive a salary. "I have accepted this big challenge,
which for me is a big honour," Ronaldo said. "I will do my best to create the
best World Cup ever." - AP

Lynch, Seahawks down Eagles 31-14

Seattle's Marshawn Lynch bulled through Philadelphia for 148 yards and a pair of
first-half touchdowns and David Hawthorne returned the third of Vince Young's
four interceptions 77 yards for a score as the Seahawks rolled to a 31-14
victory yesterday, Bangkok time. - AP

NBA season a step closer to starting

NBA players have officially re-formed their union, paving the way for final
approval of a deal to end a months-long lockout and launch a shortened
basketball season later this month. Under the terms of the new NBA deal, a
season of 66 games per team, 16 shorter than normal, is set to begin on December
25 with the campaign stretching to late April and the NBA Finals pushed back to
late June. - AFP

Parry shares NZ lead

Two-time PGA Tour winner Craig Parry finished with three birdies in a
three-under 69 yesterday to grab a share of a three-way lead with compatriot
Brad Kennedy and Kiwi Josh Geary after two rounds of the New Zealand Open. - AP

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Battle against corruption takes time to succeed

LENGTH: 348  words


The experiences of countries around the world show us that not all corruption
campaigns are alike, and that not all of them succeed.

For success, people and their leaders need to sincerely believe that corruption
itself is not only morally wrong but-if not that - then, at the very least, that
corruption under-mines the country. They also have to believe that official
corruption is deeply corrosive: that a corrupt culture in effect punishes those
who are honest. And they have to believe that official corruption significantly
retards economic development and economic equity. The bottom line being the
belief that corruption hurts both the country and the majority of its people.

So if these three convictions are present among the Chinese people and their top
government leaders, then experience suggests that the current anti-corruption
campaign will be successful in making China a better place. But if the effort is
cynical or insincere, as has historically been the case in many other countries,
and not just in Asia, then China will have wasted enormous moral and political
energy that could have been of colossal value to its rise on the world stage. So
far two very powerful "tigers" have seen the inside of the corruption hunters'
cage. Zhou Yongkang, a former member of the Political Bureau Standing Committee
and the nation's former security chief, and Bo Xilai, the once rising star of
the Party.

Truly systematic - not to mention legally accountable investigations, judicial
assessments grounded in the law and final judgments that reflect wisdom, take
time. Bridges can be erected and tunnels dug much more quickly than official
corruption can be contained and reduced.

Indeed, haste not only makes waste, it could also create serious new problems.
Only the professional observance of legal procedures and core norms can guard
against bulldozer justice.

Tom Plate is the distinguished scholar of Asian and Pacific Studies at Loyola
Marymount University in Los Angeles, and the author of the forthcoming book 'In
the Middle of China's Future'.

(China Daily USA 08/01/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 9, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Chief Warns of Corruption In Drug Unit

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 763 words


Citing two recent cases in which narcotics officers were accused of lying to
strengthen cases and to obtain arrest warrants, the New York City Police
Department's chief corruption fighter warned yesterday that "there are very
serious problems" in a special narcotics bureau.

In an unsolicited report to Police Commissioner Lee P. Brown last month, the
Chief of Inspectional Services, Daniel F. Sullivan, urged the Commissioner to
tighten supervision at the bureau and to shake up how the bureau supervised drug
cases and deters corruption and misconduct.

In an interview on Tuesday, Chief Sullivan said that two "episodes" last year
concerning allegations of lying by narcotics investigators and supervisors show
that "an unusual and disturbing trend appears to be developing" at the Organized
Crime Control Bureau. The bureau was established in 1971 to centralize
narcotics, vice and organized-crime investigations and to prevent corruption
through stricter supervision of officers by special anti-corruption teams.

"What I am doing is alerting the Commissioner, based on these episodes and our
own investigations that we had better focus on the leadership and supervision in
narcotics, especially the Field Control Division," Chief Sullivan said,
referring to the unit within the bureau that investigates misconduct by
narcotics officers and establishes policies and rules to prevent abuses by
officers in the bureau.

Noting 'Integrity Hazards'

"We haven't had anything of this kind since the Knapp Commission," he said,
referring to the panel that investigated police corruption in the early 1970's.
"Of all the units in the department, the greatest integrity hazards and
vulnerability exist in narcotics."

Suzanne Trazoff, Deputy Commissioner for Public Information, said yesterday that
the report was confidential and would not be made public. Commissioner Brown
declined to comment on Chief Sullivan's findings and recommendations, she said.

But Robert Silbering, the city's Acting Special Prosecutor for Narcotics, said,
"My gut feeling is that most of the narcotics work by the police is
professional."

"Obviously we are not happy with some of these cases and we are glad the
department is looking into them," added Mr. Silbering, whose office prosecutes
most of the cases developed by the bureau's narcotics investigators. "But I
think these charges of manufacturing evidence are isolated and not rampant."

Chief Sullivan also declined to release the report, but in discussing its
contents he cited the indictments of two sergeants and two officers from the
Brooklyn North Tactical Narcotics Team in May on charges of official misconduct
and criminal trespass. The indictments came after an internal police inquiry
found that they might have lied about finding money in a raid, that they had
falsified arrest reports and that they had mistreated prisoners.

Chief Sullivan also cited a case in which the indictments of two men in Brooklyn
on drug and weapons charges were dismissed after Justice Edward J. McLaughlin of
State Supreme Court in Manhattan ruled in November that officers in a Brooklyn
South Tactical Narcotics Team had lied about an undercover drug purchase to
obtain a search warrant.

Asked if his inquiries had turned up evidence of payoffs to narcotics
investigators, Chief Sullivan said, "I'm gratified that no money has been taken
or is disappearing but lying in affidavits and testifying falsely has to be of
the deepest concern to the department."

Reflecting the gravity of his findings, Chief Sullivan, said it was the first
time that he had urged "tightening up integrity controls" in a citywide command
in the department. Earlier reports concerned problems at precincts and in
smaller units.

John J. Holmes, who was appointed Chief of the bureau in August, declined to
comment on Chief Sullivan's report. Chief Sullivan, in the interview, said it
would be unfair to single out Chief Holmes for criticism because of his brief
tenure.

"I won't point a finger at anyone specifically," said Chief Sullivan, who
retires in May. "What I said in the report is that the Field Control Division
needs more effective supervision."

A department official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that Chief
Sullivan's report also addressed integrity questions of how the bureau could be
integrated into community policing -- a strategy of assigning more officers to
foot patrol and of becoming more familiar with the neighborhoods they cover.

Of the bureau's 1,935 investigators, 1,396 are assigned to narcotics work.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

NEWLY ELECTED LEADERS ASSUME OFFICES TODAY

BYLINE: Angela Couloumbis, Harrisburg Bureau

SECTION: STATE; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 408 words


HARRISBURG - Two key statewide offices plagued by scandal and corruption over
the last few years will get new leaders today.

Pennsylvania Attorney General-elect Josh Shapiro and Treasurer-elect Joe
Torsella, both Democrats from Montgomery County, will be sworn into office,
having been elected on pledges to bring new ideas and restore confidence in the
agencies' work.

Also being sworn in today: Democrat Eugene DePasquale, who was elected to a
second four-year term as auditor general.

Mr. Shapiro, a former Montgomery County commissioner, will be inheriting an
office whose reputation was dealt repeated blows over the last four years by the
actions of its previous elected leader, Kathleen Kane. Kane, a Scranton
Democrat, was convicted last summer on criminal charges that she abused the
power of her office to exact revenge on a perceived enemy.

Before her resignation, she exposed what came to be known as Porngate - a
scandal involving the exchange of pornography and offensive content among
prosecutors, judges, defense attorneys and others over government computers.

The scandal tarnished the office's reputation and overshadowed much of its work.

Mr. Shapiro campaigned hard on a promise to improve morale and refocus the
office on its core mission of rooting out public corruption and protecting
consumers, the elderly and children.

Mr. Torsella, too, will be taking over an office with a troubled past.

The last elected state treasurer - Rob McCord - resigned in disgrace in early
2015 as he prepared to plead guilty to federal corruption charges of attempting
to shake down state contractors during his unsuccessful run for governor.

Mr. Torsella, a deputy mayor under then-Philadelphia Mayor Ed Rendell and the
onetime CEO of the National Constitution Center, campaigned on increasing
transparency; minimizing the use of outside money managers to invest taxpayer
money; and growing participation in the state-run college savings account
programs.

He has said he supports eliminating the use of third-party firms that get the
equivalent of a finder's fee for connecting money managers with treasury
officials and contracts - a practice that has played prominently into corruption
investigations related to Mr. McCord's case.

A Pittsburgh native, Mr. DePasquale, a Democrat from York County, was first
elected in 2012 and has touted his record of aggressively tracking state
spending and recommending changes to make government more cost-effective.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Angela Couloumbis: acouloumbis@ phillynews.com, 717-787-5934, or on
Twitter @AngelasInk

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

HIGH COURT REJECTS CRIST'S INQUIRY CALL

BYLINE: STEVE BOUSQUET

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Governor wants a grand jury for corruption.


Gov. Charlie Crist's call for a statewide grand jury to investigate political
corruption was rejected Monday by the Florida Supreme Court as too vague, so the
governor's office quickly refiled its request.

By a 6-1 vote, the court issued a terse two-paragraph order dismissing Crist's
petition on the ground that "the minimum requirements to impanel a statewide
grand jury have not been established."

The court cited a requirement that the petition state the general crimes to be
investigated "and shall state that said crimes or wrongs are of a multi-circuit
nature." Florida has 20 judicial circuits, most of which are composed ofmore
than one county.

Three of the four justices appointed by Crist were in the majority. The fourth,
Justice Charles Canady, was the lone dissenter.

Crist's amended petition included a lengthy list of specific crimes to be
investigated and adds the following: "These crimes are of a multi-circuit
nature, occurring in two or more judicial circuits."

The Republican governor, a candidate for U.S. Senate, called for the statewide
grand jury on Oct. 14, citing a "rash of crimes" by public officials in Florida.

His action quickly followed a series of explosive public corruption cases, all
in South Florida, including the indictments of prominent GOP fundraiser Alan
Mendelsohn; Broward County Commissioner Josephus Eggelletion; Broward School
Board member Beverly Gallagher; and former Miramar City Commissioner Fitzroy
Salesman.

Monday's court order may prove to be short-lived, but it marks the third time
the state's highest court has handed Crist an unfavorable decision. The court
previously rejected Crist's gambling compact with the Seminole Tribe of Florida
and told the governor he had to pick an appeals court judge from a list of
finalists submitted to him by a nominating panel.

The grand jury corruption probe would be led by Statewide Prosecutor Bill
Shepherd, who reports to Attorney General Bill McCollum.

"Florida has seen too many cases of political corruption and our statewide
prosecutor stands ready to act if a statewide grand jury is convened," McCollum
said in a statement.

Steve Bousquet can be reached at bousquet@sptimes.com or (850) 224-7263.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - CHERIE DIEZ - Times: Gov. Charlie Crist quickly refiled his
petition for a grand jury to investigate political corruption after the court's
rejection.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                            October 5, 1999, Tuesday

Olympic leader calm  about FBI subpoena for corruption check

BYLINE: Natasha Bita

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 569 words


UNDER threat of an FBI subpoena, Olympic president Juan Antonio Samaranch
yesterday agreed to testify before a United States Congress inquiry into Olympic
Games corruption.

But Mr Samaranch told the Congress committee he was too busy to attend hearings
next month and could fly to the US only after the International Olympic
Committee agreed on anti-corruption reforms in mid-December.

"I am not nervous," he said after an IOC board meeting in Athens yesterday. "I
am very comfortable.

"But (October 14) is impossible for me and I think I have to go to the US with a
solution in my pocket."

IOC first vice-president Dick Pound has said some IOC members are nervous the
FBI might try to question them about corruption.

The US Congress sub-committee on investigations is inquiring into what its
chairman, Fred Upton, describes as a "culture of corruption" within the Olympic
movement.

Mr Upton wants Mr Samaranch to explain how the IOC chooses host cities after
fresh evidence Atlanta offered IOC delegates lavish gifts and travel in the hope
of winning their votes for the 1996 Games.

Mr Upton threatened to subpoena Mr Samaranch if he refused to testify _ forcing
the IOC executive board to review meetings planned in Colorado Springs and Salt
Lake City next year to avoid its members being grilled by FBI investigators.

The 103 IOC members will meet in Switzerland in December to debate major changes
to the way host cities for the Games are chosen.

A reform group recommended the retirement age for members be dropped from 80 to
70 and that 15 younger, active athletes elected by Olympic competitors be made
fully-fledged IOC members.

It wants to ban members from visiting cities bidding to host the Games to avoid
any perception of, or opportunity for, bribery.

The IOC expelled four members and gave serious warnings to Australian delegate
Phil Coles and Korean Un Yong Kim in March after finding they had accepted
lavish gifts and travel from Salt Lake City while it was bidding for the 2002
Winter Games.

Salt Lake City organising committee chief Mitt Rimney said yesterday he might
pursue Mr Coles for $65,000 in gifts and travel provided by the city's bid team.

Salt Lake City has billed Mr Coles who has now said he will not pay it _ despite
offering to do so during the IOC investigation into his actions.

Mr Samaranch yesterday hailed the "great success" of Australia's ticket sales
for the 2000 Games and said Australians had bought more tickets a year before
the Games than other nations had sold at the same time before past Olympics.

"This is a great success. With the sale of the tickets it is a record one year
before the Games," he said.

Mr Samaranch said the IOC would redeem tickets from anyone unhappy about
last-minute changes to the athletics schedule imposed by his arch-rival,
International Amateur Athletics Federation president Primo Nebiolo.

"Maybe some people will not be very happy. If these tickets are returned (to
SOCOG) but not re-sold the IOC will rebuy them."

After meeting organisers for the Sydney, Salt Lake City and Athens Games in
Athens yesterday, Mr Samaranch praised the Sydney preparations but alluded to
problems with Athens' slow progress, hampered by management turmoil and the
recent earthquake.

"The public is getting nervous but we have the assurance all is on time and we
have to believe our Greek friends," Mr Samaranch said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

BANG wins landmark open records case

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


SACRAMENTO >> In a groundbreaking open records decision, a Sacramento County
Superior Court judge tentatively ruled Thursday that the appointment books,
meeting schedules, calendars, expenditure and reimbursement records for two
suspended state senators are public record, overwhelmingly upholding a lawsuit
filed by the Bay Area News Group and Los Angeles Newspaper Group.

In his sweeping decision, Judge Michael Kenny ruled nearly all the records for
suspended state Sen. Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, and state Sen. Ron Calderon,
D-Montebello, requested by the newspaper groups were public records, despite the
State Legislature arguing the records were exempt under the Legislative Open
Records Act.

Yee has been charged with public corruption, racketeering and weapons
trafficking and Calderon has been indicted on 24 counts, including public
corruption, mail fraud, wire fraud, bribery and money laundering.

"The allegation of such wrongdoings created by the federal investigation is of a
significant interest to the public," Kenny wrote. "To the extent these alleged
activities occurred under the guise of the legislators' official duties is even
more concerning."

The newspaper group's attorney Duffy Carolan said the tentative ruling would
finally address the 1991 court ruling Times Mirror Company v. Superior Court,
where the court blocked a request for five years of governor calendars. Over the
years, the California Legislature has leaned on that ruling and rejected
numerous news organization requests for records.

"The tentative ruling puts a dent in Times Mirror and hopefully, once final,
will put to rest the notion that public officials' calendars are off limits,"
Carolan said. "The Court in its tentative ruling clearly grasps the significance
of the public's interest in access, in the face of such serious allegations of
criminal wrongdoing by Senators Yee and Calderon."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                   2 Edition

Democrats reaping the benefit of nations' doubts

BYLINE: BILL ADAIR

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 761 words


Riding a wave of voter anger about the Iraq war and corruption in Congress,
Democrats were poised to take control of the U.S. House of Representatives and
gain seats in the Senate.

Democratic challengers led in many districts held by Republicans and seemed
likely to win the 15 seats needed to take control of the House. In the battle
for the Senate, Democrats won GOP seats in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Rhode Island,
but might fall short of the six seats necessary to win control.

In some states, Democrats won by large margins, reflecting deep unhappiness with
Congress and the Republican president. In the Pennsylvania Senate race,
incumbent Rick Santorum was soundly defeated by Democrat Robert Casey Jr. In
Ohio, Sen. Mike DeWine was trounced by Democrat Sherrod Brown.

"We are on the brink of a great Democratic victory," said House Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi of California, in line to become the first female speaker in
history if her party wins control as the returns rolled in.

Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid declared, "There is a wind of change out
there. The House is going to flip for sure."

Exit polls showed Democrats winning remarkably strong support from groups that
had voted Republican in recent elections: the middle class, white evangelicals
and suburban women.

In Florida, Democrats picked up two Republican congressional seats. State Sen.
Ron Klein defeated Rep. Clay Shaw, a Republican who has held the seat for 26
years. Democrat Tim Mahoney won a close race with Republican Joe Negron for the
seat formerly held by Rep. Mark Foley, who resigned six weeks ago after a sex
scandal.

In the Sarasota district formerly held by Katherine Harris, Republican Vern
Buchanan was leading Democrat Christine Jennings.

Nationally, the results were a strong rebuke of President Bush and the Iraq war.
Exit polls showed voters were in a gloomy mood and that they viewed the election
as a referendum on national rather than local issues. Voters cited the war,
corruption, the economy and terrorism as their top concerns.

Throughout the nation, Democrats gained ground in Republican territory.
Democratic candidates won three Republican seats in Indiana, a state carried by
GOP presidential candidates in every election since 1964. Incumbents Chris
Chocola, John Hostettler and Mike Sodrel were all defeated.

"It's a pretty grim looking night," sighed Dick Armey, a former House Republican
leader. "It's pretty tough to watch."

Republicans have controlled both houses of Congress since 1994, except for a
period in 2001-02 when Democrats controlled the Senate.

Tuesday's results marked a significant change of direction for the nation, but
it was unclear if the Democratic gains would be large by historical standards.
In 1994, the most recent political sea change, 52 seats changed hands. In 1974,
the first election after the Watergate scandal, 43 seats changed. In 1966, 47
seats changed.

Exit polls showed Democratic candidates were winning independent voters by a
ratio of almost 2 to 1 and were winning with middle-class voters, a group that
had supported Republicans in recent elections.

Three-fourths of voters said corruption and scandal were important to their
votes, and those voters were more likely to support Democratic candidates for
the House. Iraq was important for just two-thirds, and they, too, leaned toward
supporting Democrats.

Those most concerned about scandals and corruption - about four in 10 of all
voters - were far more likely to vote Democratic. Most white evangelicals said
corruption was very important in their vote and almost a third of them voted
Democratic, according to a national exit poll of 11,798 voters conducted for AP
and television networks by Edison Media Research and Mitofsky International.
Results for the full sample were subject to sampling error of plus or minus 1
percentage point.

Four in 10 voters said they were voting to oppose Bush, almost twice the number
who voted to back him.

During the campaign, Republican candidates tried to distance themselves from the
president, while Democrats portrayed the Republicans as "rubber stamps" for him.

Scandals played a major role in the power shift. Several of the seats the
Democrats were likely to win have been held by Republicans accused of ethical
lapses or those who have resigned because of convictions or indictments.

In Texas, former Rep. Nick Lampson appeared likely to win the seat that was held
by House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, who resigned amid charges of money
laundering. Democrats also seemed poised to win the seat formerly held by Rep.
Bob Ney in Ohio.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: ELECTION 2006

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GETTY IMAGES; GRAPH, RON BRACKETT | TIMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            November 13, 2009 Friday

Perzel & Co. charged: State of Corruption

LENGTH: 256 words


"The time to guard against corruption and tyranny is before they shall have
gotten hold of us," reminded Thomas Jefferson. "It is better to keep the wolf
out of the fold than to trust to drawing his teeth and talons after he shall
have entered."

Pennsylvanians were forced to reconsider that lesson again on Thursday as state
Attorney General Tom Corbett announced the second round of charges in his
continuing investigation into corruption within the Pennsylvania General
Assembly.

Rep. John Perzel, R-Philadelphia, the former House speaker, and nine others were
named by the GOP AG in a wide-ranging grand jury presentment alleging criminal
conspiracy, obstruction of justice and theft.

Perzel & Co. are accused of politicking on the public dime. Actually, this time
it was the public millions in the form of contracts for supposedly legitimate
computer services that actually serviced the political campaigns.

Sixteen months ago, a dozen House Democrats, including former Democratic Whip
Michael Veon of Beaver, were charged with public corruption.

It was in 1738 that English poet John Gay reminded that "Corruption's not of
modern date; It hath been tried in ev'ry state." And in Pennsylvania, the "State
of Corruption," it appears to be standard operating procedure.

Tragically, these likely are not the last charges to be lodged in the
investigation into a state Legislature that has been operating a continuing
criminal enterprise. So, Pennsylvanians, are you now ready to demand reforms
that will return your government to you?

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday

Korea's integrity level is still shameful

LENGTH: 731 words


Transparency International has announced the 2008 Corruption Perceptions Index
for the world's nations. The higher the number, the higher the level of
integrity. This year, out of a maximum score of 10, Korea received 5.6, 40th
among the 180 nations surveyed.

Recent years have shown Korea's score hovering around 5 without major
improvements. Last year, Korea scored 5.1, securing 43rd place. Notwithstanding
the hike of 0.5 in score and three notches in ranking, Korea remains at a
shameful level, as its score is well below the OECD average of 7.0.

CPI is based on a survey of businesses, especially foreign entrepreneurs and
experts. While there is controversy over the accuracy of the index measuring
integrity, its importance cannot be ignored, as it is often used as a standard
for measuring a country's integrity. In particular, CPI directly influences the
national brand value and level of external confidence.

Often people mistakenly view corruption as a problem of ethics or social
justice. But the corruption issue goes beyond any ethics problem. Corruption
should be solved to revive the ailing economy. Eradicating corruption is an
essential step toward economic renewal. The level of integrity is so closely
related to a country's economic development that we can call corruption-free
countries wealthy ones.

The problem is how to enhance the integrity level. Corruption control involves
prior prevention and post control. The Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights
Commission oversees and performs the former function. The most notable thing
among its various anti-corruption measures is the Corruption Effect Assessment
System with regard to laws and regulations. It locates those regulations largely
susceptible to corruption and unjust discretionary measures to recommend
modification to the relevant agencies. This year, the commission has focused on
the corruption effect assessment of administrative rules that directly affect
the general public.

Meanwhile, the punishments for corrupt acts show serious problems. The
commission's 2007 white paper on integrity shows this point clearly. For the
last four years, the majority of the disciplinary actions taken on civil
servants have been lightweight. Heavy disciplinary measures like suspension,
discharge and dismissal account for just 24.7 percent of the total.

Even worse, according to the June announcement of the Supreme Court Sentencing
Commission, among some 42,000 criminal cases studied, only 15.8 percent of
bribery offenders were arrested, while only 28.8 percent in the first instance
were sentenced to imprisonment. After all, less than three in 10 bribery
offenders go to prison. With such lenient punishments, can we expect the nation
to enter the ranks of the corruption-free advanced nations?

Once the most important pieces of advice for traveling in New York City was
"never take the subway." In the 1980s, about 600,000 felony cases were reported
in New York subways every year. From 1994, however, Mayor Rudy Giuliani's zero
tolerance rule on felonies and even misdemeanors like graffiti and littering
brought a visible change. In four years, the number of homicides dropped by 48
percent.

Corruption should be treated like this. Minor cases of corruptions must be
regulated harshly in order to prevent major briberies that involve large
conglomerates or politicians. By this logic, the commission has been vigilant on
civil servants' violations, even if they are trivial violations of rules. Of
course, the major offenders need to face harsh punishments in order to get rid
of minor criminals.

The authority of the commission is extremely limited in its control of corrupt
acts. The commission has no authority to directly investigate suspects and its
function has been chiefly focused on identity protection, physical safety and
the remuneration of whistleblowers. As most corrupt acts are revealed by
insiders' accusation, the function to protect whistleblowers is very important,
but the lack of investigative powers is a critical weakness.

In order to join the league of corruption-free nations, both major and minor
corruption offenses need to be tackled and a zero tolerance rule should be
adopted on seriously corrupt acts. To become an economically developed nation,
it should first become a corruption-free nation.

By Yang Kun

Yang Kun is chairman of the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission. - Ed.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 3, 2009 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Not for corruption? How about against?

BYLINE: The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 391 words


May 3--"I don't think there's anybody on this committee who supports corruption
," said Alabama legislator Chris England, D-Tuscaloosa.

That sounds great, but the larger issue legislators face is their tolerance of
corruption in state government.

England was referring to members of the House Judiciary Committee who last week
finally passed ethics bills that would put a major dent in how grandly some
legislators live off special-interest largess.

But the bills have yet to clear the House and a Senate committee and a vote
there. All of that must take place within the five legislative days remaining in
this session that began in February.

No legislator may be for corruption but not enough House members were against it
to force Judiciary Committee Chairman Marcel Black, D-Tuscumbia, to bring the
legislation up until last week, before time began running out.

If the House approves the bills on the next legislative day, a majority of
senators must then insist the legislation speed through committee for a vote for
them to have a chance.

The legislation would put a cap of $50 a day and $250 per year on the amount a
lobbyist can spend to entertain a public official. That sounds like a lot of
money but it's peanuts to what present law allows. The amount lobbyists can
spend presently is obscene. They have to report only anything they spend more
than $250 per day on a single public official.

You do the math.

The legislation also gives the Alabama Ethics Commission the authority to
subpoena records from public officials being investigated for ethics violations.

Another bill simply requires lobbyists to report any money they spend on public
officials. This is a much weaker bill.

Gov. Bob Riley is pushing for the stronger legislation in an all-out war on
corruption in state government. When your legislators say they aren't for
corruption, ask them if they also are against it and get them to tell you what
they are doing to stop it.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090503-DD-EDITORIAL-Not-for-corruption-How-about-against-0503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2009 The Decatur Daily


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            January 25, 1999, Monday

Olympic Corruption: A Global Scandal

BYLINE: Nicholas Schoon

SECTION: NEWS; Page 5

LENGTH: 231 words


Other inquiries into Salt Lake City have been launched by:

THE FBI: The US Justice Department and FBI are investigating whether bribery,
fraud or public corruption laws were broken by the Salt Lake City Organising
Committee (SLOC), which bid for the 2002 Winter Games.  SLOC's president, Frank
Joklik, resigned on 8 January, along with a vice- president.

US OLYMPIC COMMITTEE: Former Senator George Mitchell is to head a five- member
investigating commission to look into bribery and corruption allegations.

SALT LAKE ORGANISING COMMITTEE: An ethics commission appointed by SLOC to look
at the cash, scholarships and gifts which went to IOC members.

UTAH ATTORNEY GENERAL: Will examine potential violation of Utah criminal laws.

The IOC will now also investigate:

SYDNEY: The night before Sydney won the 2000 Games by two votes over Peking, the
Australian Olympic Committee head offered two members of the IOC $ 70,000
(pounds 42,500).

LILLEHAMMER: A visit by two Mexican IOC members had cost about 150,000 Norwegian
crowns (pounds 12,500). The son of one IOC member got 400,000 crowns for drawing
the mascots for the 1994 Games.

NAGANO: Expenses records of the bidding committee for the 1998 Winter Games have
been intentionally destroyed. Officials said "astronomical" bribes worth $
22,000 (pounds 14,000) per IOC member had been paid.


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 5, 2009 Thursday

Afghan TV quotes UK paper on Obama asking Karzai to sideline brother

LENGTH: 553 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 4 November

[Presenter] Meanwhile, the US has set a six-month deadline for Hamed Karzai to
eliminate administrative corruption and remove his brother, Ahmad Wali Karzai,
from his job otherwise he will lose the country's support. The Times of London
writes that President Obama has warned if the demands are not met within six
months, the US will withdraw from Afghanistan because he does not want to waste
the lives of American soldiers for nothing. Bringing changes in the cabinet and
officials of the presidential palace are also among Obama's demands.

Hamed Haidari is reporting about that.

[Correspondent] President Obama says if these demands are not met, the US will
withdraw from Afghanistan. The Times writes in case the American forces leave
Afghanistan, British forces will not stay in this country either. The paper,
quoting some Afghan presidential palace officials, says that Obama has discussed
this issue in his conversation with Mr Karzai after his re-election as the
president of Afghanistan. According to the paper, the US embassy in Kabul has
also found out that President Karzai has been warned that unless he removes Wali
Karzai from Kandahar the USA will gather evidences against him.

[Text of US ambassador's remarks in Dari] Washington wants to show evidences
which indicate that Karzai has taken these challenges as seriously as they are
important for the USA.

[Correspondent] A political analyst, who has close ties with the US State
Department, says that the USA wants considerable progress against corruption,
culture of impunity and increased level of crime within the coming three to six
months. If no action is taken on addressing these demands the USA will gather
and publish some proofs and evidences.

[Text of newspaper The Times] We can never overlook the facts about Hamed
Karzia's brother and warlords. Now, if we say something, we will also present
some evidence and will call for his arrest.

[Correspondent] The deputy spokesman of the Afghan president says that fighting
corruption and narcotics are the first priority of the government.

[Siamak Herawi deputy spokesman of the president speaking over the phone] The
coming government of Afghanistan is determined to eliminate corruption in
Afghanistan and its institutions. The government is committed to its pledges.
The Afghan government has repeatedly emphasised that counter narcotics requires
international cooperation.

[Correspondent] Ahmad Wali Karzai has always denied accusations about his
involvement in narcotics trade. President Karzai also says that there are no
evidence in this respect. Some Afghan officials, names of whom are not mentioned
in The Times newspaper, say that efforts are in process to find another job for
Ahmad Wali Karzai and that one of the options is to send him outside the
country.

Last week, The New York Times published a report quoting Republican Senator John
McCain as asking for sending Ahmad Wali Karzai to exile from Afghanistan.
Complaints about Ahmad Wali Karzai have caused tension between the US State
Department and the country's intelligence agency. The US State Department asks
for removal of such individuals while the US intelligence agencies want to use
them for intelligence activities.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 4 Nov 09

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 14, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

BRONX BOROUGH CHIEF SUBPOENAED AS WITNESS IN CORRUPTION INQUIRY

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 935 words


Bronx Borough President Stanley Simon said yesterday that he had been subpoenaed
as a witness in the continuing Federal investigation of political corruption in
New York City.

According to others who have received subpoenas, the subpoena issued for Mr.
Simon was one of a number issued to Bronx campaign operatives and political
figures, including a member of the City Planning Commission. They are part of
what the United States Attorney in Manhattan has described in court documents as
''an ongoing investigation into political corruption.''

Mr. Simon said he was not a target of the investigation. ''Like any good citizen
I am prepared to cooperate,'' he said.

People subpoenaed before a grand jury are called to supply information; a
subpoena carries no implication of guilt or innocence. Bronx politicians have
been closely monitoring who is subpoenaed in an effort to identify areas that
are being investigated.

The investigation in the Bronx was prompted by disclosures of corruption at the
New York City Parking Violations Bureau, but it has gone into other areas,
according to law-enforcement authorities.

The only person arrested so far in the scandal is Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, the
former Deputy Director of the Parking Violations Bureau. Under constitutional
guarantees of a speedy trial, Mr. Lindenauer was entitled to a hearing yesterday
at which the Government would have been required to justify his arrest Jan. 14
on charges that he took a $5,000 bribe.

Hearing Is Postponed

But at the request of the United States Attorney's office, the hearing was
postponed until Feb. 21 under a legal provision that allows a delay ''in the
interests of justice,'' according to Mr. Lindenauer's attorney, Irving P.
Seidman.

Documents relating to the postponement were sealed. Such delays are often viewed
at the Federal Court House as an indication the defendant is negotiating with
Federal prosecutors over an agreement to cooperate with a continuing
investigation.

Mr. Seidman said that his client was prepared to stand trial.

Federal prosecutors have been trying to persuade Mr. Lindenauer to cooperate in
their investigation of Donald R. Manes, who resigned Tuesday as Queens Borough
President. Mr. Manes said he needed to devote his time to allegations that he
was part of a bribery ring that also included Mr. Lindenauer.

Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United State Attorney in Manhattan, refused to comment
on either Mr. Lindenauer's case or the investigation in the Bronx.

Mr. Simon is a former City Council member who was first chosen Borough President
in 1979 to fill an unexpired term. He was elected to a full term in 1981 and was
reelected last year. #1985 Campaign Records He is a long-time political
associate of Stanley Friedman, the Bronx Democratic chairman, whose business
dealings with the Parking Violations Bureau are one subject of the Federal
investigation.

Mr. Friedman has rejected repeated requests to be interviewed about the
investigation.

In addition to Mr. Simon, the Federal grand jury in Manhattan also subpoenaed
the manager of Mr. Simon's 1985 re-election campaign, Theodore E. Teah, who is
the Bronx member on the city Planning Commission.

Mr. Teah said press reports led him to assume that he would be questioned about
printing done for Mr. Simon and other Bronx Democrats by concerns owned by the
Mayor of Yonkers and his family.

Bronx politicians said that, based on questions they have been asked by Federal
agents, they believed that the Government was trying to determine whether
inflated bills were used in Bronx political campaigns to cover kickbacks or
skimming.

'I Am Not a Target'

In addition to the subpoeanas served on Mr. Simon and Mr. Teah, the grand jury
has also subpoenaed officials of several other concerns that where hired to do
work for Mr. Simon's reelection campaign. Mr. Simon issued this statement: ''I
have received a witness subpoena. I am not a target of any investigation. Nor do
I know any reason why I should be a target. Like countless others in public life
I have been asked to appear for questioning. Like any good citizen I am prepared
to cooperate in the work of any responsible agency of law enforcement.''

Mr. Simon's 1985 re-election campaign listed about $180,000 in payments to Town
Hall Printing in Yonkers, whose principal owner is Michael Martinelli, son of
the Mayor Angelo Martinelli.

Town Hall Printing is in the same building as Mayor Martinelli's own firm,
Gazette Printing.

Role of Printing Concerns

Mr. Martinelli, whose job as Mayor of Yonker is considered a part-time post, has
been in the printing business since the 1940's.

Town Hall Printing was established in 1982. In 1983 it handled printing for four
candidates for state Supreme Court judgeships, races organized by Mr. Friedman,
to oust two incumbent judges. Mr. Friedman's four candidates were elected.

Mr. Teah said he hired Town Hall printing to do work for Mr. Simon's reelection
campaign because the concern had already done work for previous Bronx political
campaigns.

He said his job was making sure the material was delivered, which it was. He
said he was not in charge of paying the bills.

All of Mr. Simon's campaign debts have been paid, according to a spokesman. The
last outstanding debts were paid at the end of 1985 or in January of this year,
according to the spokesman.

The grand jury has also subpoenaed the records of the Bronx Democratic
organization, which Mr. Friedman heads.

But Mr. Friedman has fought the subpoena. A hearing on the matter is scheduled
before a three judge Federal panel today.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 10, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

LARCHMONT LAWYER IS CITED FOR EFFORT AGAINST CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By FRANKLIN WHITEHOUSE

SECTION: Section 11WC; Page 29, Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1049 words


LARCHMONT IN 25 years as a prosecutor and investigator, Joseph

Fisch has fought corruption and mismanagement in

police departments from Syracuse to New York City

and from Albany to New Rochelle. Now the police have honored him for it.

The International Association of Chiefs of Police recently gave the trim,
precise 52-year-old lawyer a special citation ''for his outstanding contribution
to law enforcement'' during a career that has also included fighting organized
crime in Yonkers and investigating the New York City hospital system.

Mr. Fisch, who has lived here for 11 years, has also been asked for advice on
organizaional and other matters by law-enforcment agencies as far apart as Santa
Fe, N.M., and Mamaroneck.

For the last 14 months, the Harvard Law School graduate has been deputy
inspector general of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and its general
counsel. He came to the authority's Mahattan headquarters from Kew Gardens,
where he had spent seven years on the staff of the Queens District Attorney.

Before Queens, Mr. Fisch had served for 18 years with the Temporary New York
State Commission of Investigation, most recently as deputy commissioner and
counsel.

Mr. Fisch has no particular aversion to police officers, Paul J. Curran, the
former Commission Chairman, said last week. He just ''developed a certain feel
for the situation'' when officers were not doing their jobs, Mr. Curran said in
a telephone interview.

''I regard myself as a career public servant,'' Mr. Fisch said the other day in
his living room, sitting beside an Elaine de Kooning portrait of President
Kennedy. ''I feel outraged when there's a betrayal of public trust.''

Testifying in 1971 at a public hearing in New York, Mr. Fisch said that the city
police department's war on heroin traffic was being hampered by a number of
corrupt practices, including direct involvement of police officers in the sale
of narcotics.

One of his witnesses was Frank Serpico, a police officer after whom a later
motion picture about the case was named.

The investigation, for which Mr. Fisch was chief counsel, was ''an incredibly
good effort,'' Mr. Curran said. ''We weren't just looking for corruption,
although we found it. We found they also weren't making the right kinds of
cases. The police were not going up the ladder, they were just busting
junkies.''

The international police chiefs group said Mr. Fisch was the first public
official to expose corruption in the city narcotics trade and, combined with the
disclosures of the Knapp Commission, prompted Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller to
create the office of special prosecutor for the city's crimnal-justice system.

Soon after Mr. Fisch accepted his M.T.A. appointment in December 1983, he
encountered Dolores A. Battalia, the newly elected Mamaroneck Town Supervisor,
at a political victory party.

Mrs. Battalia, in an interview last week, said that she had been trying to meet
Mr. Fisch to ask him to study the town police force, which, she said, had had
''a long-term history of difficulty,'' including a chief who had resigned in
1981 and pleaded guilty to several criminal charges. The town has had seven
police chiefs in 20 years.

Mr. Fisch agreed to do the job on his own time, at no cost. He began
interviewing officers as they came off their shifts at night and on weekends.
Thirty-eight of the force's 39 officers agreed to talk about operational and
morale problems, Mrs. Battalia said.

''The men felt the town had ignored them for years,'' Mrs. Battalia said. ''Joe
gave them a chance to ventilate with someone they respected as a professional.''

After six months, the Town Board acted on the prinicpal recommendation in Mr.
Fisch's 75-page report and named its first full-time professional Police
Commissioner, Arthur Dallas. Commissioner Dallas holds the authority of a former
three-member civilian volunteer police commission.

Mrs. Battalia described Mr. Fisch as ''very precise, orderly and careful in his
choice of words. He's obviously someone who's used to walking into an unknown
situation and knows how to handle it.''

However, opposition to the choice of Commissioner Dallas has come from the
Tri-County Federation of Police, which has sued ''to protect the status'' of
Chief Charles Baumblatt, according to the federation's executive director, Ralph
M. Purdy.

Chief Baumblatt, a former Mamaroneck sergeant appointed by the old civilian
commission, is subordinate to Commissioner Dallas, a former New York City police
lieutenant who lives in Rye.

In 1976, Mr. Fisch visited Santa Fe at the invitation of the state's Organized
Crime Prevention Commission to share his ''experience and expertise in this
field,'' according to the international police chiefs.

Part of that experience was in Yonkers in 1968 when Mr. Fisch helped to
investigate the involvement of organized crime in the private garbage-carting
industry.

Mr. Fisch's father owned a grocery store on Stanton Street on Manhattan's Lower
East Side, where he worked as a boy on Sundays. Born on Jan. 10, 1933, Mr. Fisch
graduated in 1953 from New York University and in 1956 from Harvard, where he
was president of the Law School Forum, a student organization that invited
prominent outsiders to speak.

Mr. Fisch's first project at the M.T.A. was to conduct an inquiry into
allegations by Transit Authority employees that high-ranking authority
supervisors, including its President, David Gunn, had directed delays in
inspection of new R-62 subway cars ordered from a manufacturer in Japan.

Mr. Fisch said his inquiry, which culminated in a December 1984 report, had
failed to turn up corroboration for the charges against Mr. Gunn but had
resulted in a warning to another executive, Richard Goodlatte.

The Fisch office supervises litigations, makes recommendations on investigations
and conducts unnannounced inspections of such M.T.A. facilities as the Harmon
maintenance shop in Croton-on-Hudson.

Mr. Fisch, who said he was now working on a ''highly hush, hush thing'' with the
M.T.A.'s Inspector General, Sanford E. Russell, commutes on Metro-North's New
Haven Line to his office at 10 Columbus Circle. He lives here with his wife,
Betty, a New York City school teacher, and their 13-year-old daughter, Beth
Rachel.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Joseph Fisch

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Gov: Spill or bust!

BYLINE: BY TINA MOORE and KENNETH LOVETT NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With Erin Durkin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 367 words


GOV. CUOMO'S new anti-corruption initiative would require public servants who
see something to say something - or face criminal charges themselves.

Under a series of laws and beefed-up penalties Cuomo proposed Tuesday, elected
officials and state and local government workers could be charged with
misdemeanors if prosecutors can prove they knew about bribery schemes but did
nothing to report them.

"For the first time, we'll place an affirmative duty on public servants to
report attempts of bribery and corruption," Cuomo said.

Cuomo says his proposed Public Trust Act is designed to make it easier for the
state's district attorneys to probe government corruption, rather than just rely
on the feds. It comes after last week's arrest of two Democratic state
legislators, a New York City councilman, two GOP party bosses, and two officials
in Rockland County on corruption charges.

In announcing the arrests, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara criticized the "deafening
silence" from legislators at the Capitol who "saw something and said nothing."

Cuomo's plan would also bar anyone convicted of public corruption felonies from
ever holding elected office or government work, serving as lobbyists or doing
business with the state.

It would change the definition of bribery in the state crime code to make it
better align with federal law and make it easier for prosecutors to get
convictions. And it would increase penalties for official misconduct and misuse
of taxpayer dollars.

Cuomo's plan would not grant the attorney general additional powers to probe
corruption in the executive and legislative branches - though that was something
he pushed for when he was AG. He said he could revisit the issue.

To the surprise of some, Cuomo's plan also doesn't address key areas he has
raised since last week's scandals, including the public financing of campaigns,
lobbying reform and permanently ending member items.

Meanwhile, City Councilman Dan Halloran was a no-show for the first Council
meeting since he was busted on bribery charges by the feds last week.

The Council Ethics Committee also voted to open a file on Halloran (R-Queens),
though it postponed taking any action until the criminal charges are resolved.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gov. Cuomo vows to nab officials who ignore corruption. Photo by Getty
Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 4, 2016 Sunday

MP urges USA to review its counter-terrorism strategy on Afghanistan

LENGTH: 259 words


The US and NATO commander in Afghanistan, Gen John Nicholson, has voiced concern
about alleged support by Russia, Iran and Pakistan to terrorist groups in
Afghanistan, independent Tolo TV reported on 3 December.

Gen Nicholson has said the infiltration of foreign players in Afghanistan is
regarded as an alarm bell for the USA and Afghanistan. The embassies of
Pakistan, Iran and Russia have not commented on the issue.

Afghan observers have, however, called on the USA to review its military
strategy on Afghanistan.MP Shekeba Hashemi said: "In fact, the USA needs to
review and assess its counter-terrorism strategy on Afghanistan."

Gen Nicholson has also said that corruption and weak management are the two
biggest challenges facing the Afghan forces.

The Defence Ministry has said that it is working hard to curb corruption in
national army. Mohammad Radmanesh, the deputy Defence Ministry spokesman, said:
"The Defence Ministry's leadership works hard to prevent even minor cases of
corruption."

Analysts have said they believed that the faceoff of regional countries and the
USA will pose threat to Afghanistan's security.

"The United States and Russia's faceoff is not in the interest of Afghanistan
given the fact that Russia and other regional countries have again strengthened
their role in Afghanistan. The Afghan government should manage this issue
smartly, "said Nasir Mosawi, an international relations researcher.

The US commander has also praised the Afghan forces for their efforts and
sacrifices.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330gmt 03 Dec 16

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 24, 2004 Friday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

U.S. DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 642 words


NEW HAVEN, Conn. Ex-governor pleads guilty of corruption

Six months after being driven from office by scandal, former Gov. John G.
Rowland pleaded guilty to a corruption charge Thursday, admitting he traded his
office for more than $100,000 in flights to Las Vegas, Vermont vacations and
repairs to his vacation cottage.

Rowland, 47, probably will get 15 to 21 months in federal prison, lawyers said.

The once popular three-term Republican had maintained for months that the
businessmen and cronies who lavished gifts on him had received nothing in
exchange. With a single word Thursday, he changed all that: "Guilty," he told
the court, his attorney's hand on his back as he spoke.

The plea ends a two-year federal investigation of the former politician, though
he could still face state charges.

WASHINGTON Bush will renominate 20 judicial candidates

President George W. Bush plans to nominate for a second time 20 people who did
not receive up or down votes on their nominations for federal judgeships, the
White House said Thursday.

The Democrats' ability to stall certain Bush picks for the federal bench was one
of the most contentious issues of the president's first term. During the past
two years, despite the GOP majority in the Senate, Democrats used filibusters to
prevent final votes on 10 of 34 of Bush's nominees to federal appeals courts.

Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, R-Tenn., issued a statement that pressured
Sen. Arlen Specter, R-Pa., to support the president's nominees. Specter, a
moderate Republican, recently won the backing of Senate Judiciary Committee
Republicans to be chairman.

HOUSTON Two are convicted in immigrant deaths

Two men were convicted Thursday for their roles in the nation's deadliest human
smuggling attempt -- a journey that ended in the deaths of 19 illegal immigrants
crammed in a sweltering tractor-trailer.

Victor Jesus Rodriguez and Fredy Giovanni Garcia-Tobar were found guilty of
conspiracy and several other counts of aiding in the transport of immigrants
that results in death. They could face life in prison when sentenced in March.

Federal prosecutors had accused the defendants of being members of a smuggling
ring that stuffed a hot, airless tractor-trailer with more than 70 illegal
immigrants to transport them from South Texas to Houston in May 2003.

The trailer was abandoned at a truck stop about 100 miles southwest of Houston
after the immigrants began succumbing to the heat, estimated at 173 degrees.
Seventeen immigrants were found dead inside the trailer. Two died later.

NEW YORK New nest is in store for hawks on high-rise

Pale Male and Lola are getting their Fifth Avenue address back -- if the hawks
are willing to accept a replacement nest offered by luxury apartment house
owners who ripped out the original, only to be harried incessantly by bird
lovers around the world.

Workers Thursday installed new underpinnings for the high-rise nest, whose
red-tailed hawk occupants were evicted Dec. 7.

As if on cue, the hawks winged in for a brief appearance on the 12th-floor
window ledge Pale Male had called home for a decade, delighting rain-sodden hawk
enthusiasts and television cameramen on a sidewalk across the street.

WASHINGTON Complaints lead to more heating aid for poor

After lawmakers complained that utilities were cutting off heat for thousands of
elderly people and low-income families before the worst of winter, federal
authorities announced Thursday they would release $100 million in emergency
heating aid for the poor.

The Department of Health and Human Services said it would distribute $100
million from a $300 million fund for the Low-Income Heating and Energy
Assistance Program.

That is in addition to some $1.2 billion sent to states in October as part of
the Low-Income Heating and Energy Assistance Program. Most of the money goes to
states in the Northeast and Midwest.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo
 Photo headshot - (John G.) Rowland, Probably will get prison term

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           March 11, 1992, Wednesday

Mr. Richard G. Moser Chief counsel in probe

BYLINE: By Ken Foskett STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section F; Page 5

LENGTH: 68 words


Greenjport, N.Y. - Mr. Richard Goodwin Moser, 82, who was chief counsel to the
Senate Committee on Organized Crime headed by Sen. Estes Kefauver in the 1950s,
died March 3 of a stroke. The Senate committee investigated political
corruption, gambling and drugs. Mr. Moser conducted hearings on the relationship
between politics and crime in New York City and New Jersey, especially in
Atlantic City, N.J.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 9, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Political Power of Police Union Could Slow Fight Against Graft

BYLINE: By JOE SEXTON

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 1;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1597 words


State Senate bill 8014A gained final legislative approval on the evening of July
1, one of the last days of business in Albany. The bill, to create an
independent disciplinary hearing process for New York City employees, would
strip the city's Police Commissioner of the power to dismiss officers for
misconduct on the job.

The legislation had a handful of sponsors. And it had one major lobbyist: the
Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, the main police union.

"The legislation would seriously reduce my ability to keep police in line," said
William J. Bratton, the Police Commissioner. "It is perverse, done in the middle
of the night. For the Legislature and the union, it is payback time."

The bill has not been signed by Gov. Mario M. Cuomo, who vetoed a version of it
a year ago and is considered likely to veto it again. But coming amid the
emotional and political furor over police corruption, the fact that the P.B.A.
would promote -- and the Legislature approve -- a bill that the Commissioner
argues would compromise the ability of the Police Department to clean itself up
illustrates both the influence of the police union and why its power has become
a target of criticism, most recently in the Mollen Commission's report on police
corruption.

The union, armed with millions of dollars in annual dues collections as well as
multimillion-dollar contributions from the city, is an extremely powerful force.
It is an active lobbyist in Albany, capable of initiating or killing
legislation. It endorses candidates and contributes to their campaigns. The
P.B.A. also wields wide influence within the Police Department, whose senior
members are either respectful of or intimidated by the union's political clout,
current and former top officials of the department say.

In short, the P.B.A.'s allegiance is to its membership, and its leaders do not
apologize for the union's influence. In that, it is hardly alone, for the
teachers union and others in the city exert similar political heft. But there is
no shortage of critics who say the P.B.A.'s consuming loyalty to its membership
is often at odds with efforts at changing the department. The Mollen Commission,
after all, concluded that the union had often acted as "a shelter for the
corrupt cop." And P.B.A. officials, for their part, refused to meet with or
testify before the commission, which was appointed by former Mayor David N.
Dinkins.

The Police Commissioner said the P.B.A. would not be an impediment to his
efforts to eliminate corruption.

"I can rid this department of corruption with the union or without them," Mr.
Bratton said.

Clearly, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has much invested in Mr. Bratton's ability to
deliver on that promise. The Mayor badly wants effective law enforcement and a
clean police force to be cornerstones of his administration. And while Mr.
Giuliani himself profited from the P.B.A.'s support during his run for office,
he has already clashed with the union over contract negotiations.

Now, the P.B.A.'s legislative campaign to deprive the Police Commissioner of
final authority in disciplining officers raises questions about both the union's
role in the corruption problem and its willingness to support efforts to find a
solution.

'A Tough Project'

"You won't meaningfully change anything about corruption unless you recognize
the P.B.A. and the size of its strength and influence," said Raymond W. Kelly,
Mr. Bratton's predecessor. "It's a tough project. I wouldn't write it off as a
hopeless task. It depends on how it is approached."

There are critics of the P.B.A., though, who regard even Mr. Kelly's guarded
optimism as overstated. United States Representative Major Owens, whose
Congressional district in Brooklyn has endured major corruption scandals in
three of its police precincts over the last decade, said he is considering
subpoenaing leaders of the P.B.A. to testify before his subcommittee's hearings
on discrimination in law enforcement.

"The P.B.A. is a monster that makes real reform impossible," Mr. Owens said. "It
spends money in all sorts of ways that it is not accountable for. Its leadership
doesn't even make an effort to be representative of the entire force. It has
people in Albany."

The P.B.A. paints quite a different picture of itself. Its leaders depict the
union as the loyal protector of honest police officers. They believe the union's
political and economic strength is the rightful result of a long, principled
fight for respect and years of hard bargaining.

"We do not condone corruption, and we do not protect bad cops," said Phil
Caruso, the president of the P.B.A. "I've been through seven police
commissioners, and not one of them could say with a straight face that we
haven't been against corruption and acted to uncover it."

Repeated Lawsuits

A new dialogue between the union and the department -- communication has never
been great and has often been disfigured by angry oratory and repeated lawsuits
-- has already begun.

Mr. Caruso has signaled a willingness to embrace proposals for change, like an
increased minimum age for officers and changes in drug testing procedures. He
has also been a participant in Mr. Bratton's "departmental re-engineering"
project, which is looking into changes in integrity testing and command
structure. Union delegates have also participated in the department's corruption
focus groups.

"The lack of trust both ways has accrued over many years, and so there is a lot
to overcome," said Walter Mack, the Deputy Commissioner for Internal Affairs,
the departmental unit that investigates police corruption. "But I see progress."

Investigators say, however, that the union has often been a barrier to anti-
corruption efforts.

"We spoke with hundreds and hundreds of officers, and time and time again we
were told by the officers that they understood the attitude of their union to be
not to cooperate with corruption investigations," said Leslie Cornfeld, deputy
chief counsel with the Mollen Commission.

"Many told us this out of frustration," Ms. Cornfeld said. "I think many, many
cops don't agree with the tactics and values of the union."

The P.B.A., formed in 1894 to aid widows and orphans of slain police officers,
has more than 20,000 members. Its executive board is exclusively white and male,
with black, Hispanic and women members making up a tiny fraction of its 360
elected delegates.

"It's a secret society at the top," said Bob Kliesmet, president of the
International Union of Police Associations.

The union's 1993 annual report lists annual dues revenue of nearly $8 million,
and notes that it paid out more than $6 million in administrative expenses and
professional fees to lawyers and accountants. The union, which receives nearly
$20 million annually from the city for its health and welfare funds, also
oversees other multimillion-dollar annuity and pension funds. Because it is a
union of municipal employees, it is not subject to the regulations of the
National Labor Relations Act that govern private-sector unions.

No Stranger to Scandal

"The income is mind-boggling," said Patrick V. Murphy, the former Police
Commissioner who led the department's reform efforts in the wake of the Knapp
Commission corruption hearings two decades ago. "The power is enormous."

In addition, the P.B.A. has been no stranger to scandal. Richard Hartman, the
chief attorney for the union, left in 1988 after his use of union funds came
under scrutiny. And in 1992, the P.B.A. came in for sharp criticism after their
rally outside City Hall to protest Mayor Dinkins's plans for the Civilian
Complaint Review Board degenerated into a near riot by officers, many of them
inebriated.

Mr. Caruso fiercely defends the union.

"We are an above-board operation," he said, "and no one is more acutely in touch
with the streets and the street cop than the P.B.A."

Work Slowdown

When it comes to corruption, there has been no shortage of confrontations
between the union and the department or outside investigators. In 1985, the
P.B.A. sued to prevent the department from using unsubstantiated civilian
complaints of corruption and brutality in evaluating job performance. In 1987,
the P.B.A. staged a work slowdown to protest a department plan to rotate
officers among precincts in the aftermath of a corruption scandal in the 77th
Precinct, ultimately forcing the department to modify its demands.

And according to current and former prosecutors, the P.B.A., concerned about the
impact on police officers under criminal investigation, has consistently and
effectively fought legislation to alter grand jury immunity regulations. The
city's district attorneys have argued that the proposed changes would be an
overall bonus for law enforcement.

"The union leadership's perception of its role is to serve the interest of their
constituency, sometimes to the exclusion of truth, justice or the welfare of the
community," said Aaron H. Rosenthal, a former Assistant Chief of the department
who is now an adjunct professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice.

"And because of the power of the P.B.A., there have been and no doubt will
continue to be very high-ranking members of the department who find it
career-threatening to take a stance in opposition to the union on issues that
might be to the benefit of the department and the public."

Mr. Bratton is not persuaded.

"Unions exist to represent their members, not the public," he said. "Unions will
have their opinions. But I've dealt with unions before. I'll deal with this
one."

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Phil Caruso, head of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
(Stephanie Berger) (pg. 23)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 26, 2008 Friday

Nebraska at bottom of list - and that's a good thing;
Studies show state ranks last for public corruption.

BYLINE: JoANNE YOUNG Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1082 words


MOST CORRUPT, LEAST CORRUPT


From 1998 to 2007, Nebraska - with an average population of 1.74 million -
recorded only 12 federal public corruption convictions, ranking it last among
states.

The Omaha man was accusing. The state senator was indignant. Tim Vaughn had
taken his turn Dec. 12 at the Legislature's hearing on immigration, alleging
state senators took campaign contributions from big corporations that have a
vested interest in illegal immigration.

And when they do, he charged, they're basically taking a bribe to keep the
status quo - basically the same thing the Illinois governor recently did. "The
government is undercutting citizens who pay taxes to keep the money flowing,"
Vaughn said. Hold it just a minute. Lincoln Sen. DiAnna Schimek wanted to set
the record straight about Vaughn's "off-the-wall comment." She had never
knowingly taken a contribution from any of the corporations he had mentioned. "I
cannot let what you just said pass," Schimek said. "It is inflammatory, and it
is wrong." Taking bribes would, of course, be corrupt. And while not every
Nebraskan is convinced their state and local politicians are above corruption, a
couple of studies highlighted by the New York Times this month showed Nebraska
is one of the least corrupt states in the country. The state was dead last in
the number of public officials convicted of federal corruption over the past 10
years. And it was dead last even when population is considered. Corruption has
been defined as the abuse of public office for private gain. A Kansas City Star
writer called Nebraska, Kansas and Iowa a "triumvirate of vanilla do-rights."

From 1998 to 2007, Nebraska - with a 1.74 million average population - recorded
only 12 federal public corruption convictions.

That compares with West Virginia, with a 1.8 million average population and 74
convictions of public officials.

In the New York Times' studies, Nebraska fared less well - ranking 34th - when
statehouse news reporters rated them.

The least-corrupt ranking surprised Mike Wagner, political science professor at
the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.

Usually, he said, political parties give accountability. A nonpartisan
unicameral government and other nonpartisan offices take some of that
accountability away.

On the other hand, having a unicameral form of government, with only 49
senators, means fewer people to be corrupt, Wagner said.

Nebraskans seem to expect a particular kind of performance from their leaders,
he said.

In a mostly rural state, local governments are small, and many people know their
elected and appointed leaders.

If they mess up, politicians pay socially as well as in a court.

And in states with bigger cities, there are bigger budgets and more money for
officials to try to get their hands on.

There's more to corruption than federal convictions. It can extend to ethical
considerations and local campaign finance regulations.

People tend to stay in their Nebraska communities, and their reputations are
important, said Frank Daley, executive director of the Nebraska Accountability
and Disclosure Commission

Honesty and openness in government are important, Daley said.

Many of the ethics or other violations he has seen have been inadvertent or the
result of ignorance - not malice, Daley said.

It didn't surprise Schimek that Nebraska public officials, especially
legislators, rank low on corruption.

"We've had a long history of doing our level best to make sure shenanigans don't
happen within the legislative process," she said.

But a state should never be overconfident about the lack of scandal, she said.

"We have to always be vigilant."

Senators attend in-house ethics seminars and are made aware of the law and their
responsibilities, she said. The Legislature doesn't wait for scandals to prompt
changes in ethics laws.

Other state legislatures have had some real scandals, and Nebraska senators want
to avoid that, she said.

UNL's Wagner said that to know what goes on behind closed doors requires
aggressive reporters and whistle-blowers.

"It could be that Nebraskans are really corrupt, and they're just really good at
it," he said.

Reach JoAnne Young at 473-7228 or jyoung@journalstar.com

A little Nebraska scandal

It's not that public officials in Nebraska are squeaky clean. Here's a sampling
of those who broke state laws, which isn't necessarily viewed as corruption:

In 2006, University of Nebraska regent David Hergert was removed from office by
the Nebraska Supreme Court for intentionally violating state campaign finance
laws.

In 2004, state Sen. Ray Mossey of Bellevue, 36, a retired Omaha police officer,
was arrested on suspicion of prescription fraud, a felony, and carrying a
concealed weapon. He pleaded no contest to prescription fraud. He also was fined
$14,000 for campaign violations, including using campaign funds to pay an online
dating service and a tattoo parlor.

In 2003, State Treasurer Lorelee Byrd plead guilty to a criminal charge of
official misconduct involving hiding checks written to companies for services.
She denied trying to make it appear as if the money were spent to protect it
from legislative budget cutters.

In 1993, state Sen. Kurt Hohenstein of Homer surrendered his license to practice
law and pleaded guilty to stealing more than $30,000 in 1988 from an insurance
settlement.

In 1987, state Sen. Jim Pappas of North Platte was convicted of a felony related
to a state lottery ballot petition drive.

In 1871, the state's first governor, David Butler, was impeached for using
$16,881 in school land funds for personal use.

'We've had a long history of doing our level best to make sure shenanigans don't
happen within the legislative process.'

- Lincoln Sen. DiAnna Schimek

MOST CORRUPT, LEAST CORRUPT

From 1998 to 2007, Nebraska - with an average population of 1.74 million -
recorded only 12 federal public corruption convictions, ranking it last among
states.

The top 10 states by number of convictions were Florida, California, New York,
Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, New Jersey, the District of Columbia and
Louisiana.

The bottom 10 states were Idaho, Oregon, Iowa, New Mexico, Rhode Island, Maine,
Wyoming, New Hampshire, Vermont and Nebraska.

When you consider population, Nebraska still ranked last. The top 10 states were
the District of Columbia, North Dakota, Alaska, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana,
Kentucky, Alabama, Puerto Rico and Delaware.

The bottom 10 states were Colorado, Washington, New Mexico, Utah, Kansas,
Minnesota, Iowa, New Hampshire, Oregon and Nebraska.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009 Wednesday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 26, 2008 Friday

Nebraska at bottom of list - and that's a good thing;
Studies show state ranks last for public corruption.

BYLINE: JoANNE YOUNG Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1082 words


MOST CORRUPT, LEAST CORRUPT


From 1998 to 2007, Nebraska - with an average population of 1.74 million -
recorded only 12 federal public corruption convictions, ranking it last among
states.

The Omaha man was accusing. The state senator was indignant. Tim Vaughn had
taken his turn Dec. 12 at the Legislature's hearing on immigration, alleging
state senators took campaign contributions from big corporations that have a
vested interest in illegal immigration.

And when they do, he charged, they're basically taking a bribe to keep the
status quo - basically the same thing the Illinois governor recently did. "The
government is undercutting citizens who pay taxes to keep the money flowing,"
Vaughn said. Hold it just a minute. Lincoln Sen. DiAnna Schimek wanted to set
the record straight about Vaughn's "off-the-wall comment." She had never
knowingly taken a contribution from any of the corporations he had mentioned. "I
cannot let what you just said pass," Schimek said. "It is inflammatory, and it
is wrong." Taking bribes would, of course, be corrupt. And while not every
Nebraskan is convinced their state and local politicians are above corruption, a
couple of studies highlighted by the New York Times this month showed Nebraska
is one of the least corrupt states in the country. The state was dead last in
the number of public officials convicted of federal corruption over the past 10
years. And it was dead last even when population is considered. Corruption has
been defined as the abuse of public office for private gain. A Kansas City Star
writer called Nebraska, Kansas and Iowa a "triumvirate of vanilla do-rights."

From 1998 to 2007, Nebraska - with a 1.74 million average population - recorded
only 12 federal public corruption convictions.

That compares with West Virginia, with a 1.8 million average population and 74
convictions of public officials.

In the New York Times' studies, Nebraska fared less well - ranking 34th - when
statehouse news reporters rated them.

The least-corrupt ranking surprised Mike Wagner, political science professor at
the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.

Usually, he said, political parties give accountability. A nonpartisan
unicameral government and other nonpartisan offices take some of that
accountability away.

On the other hand, having a unicameral form of government, with only 49
senators, means fewer people to be corrupt, Wagner said.

Nebraskans seem to expect a particular kind of performance from their leaders,
he said.

In a mostly rural state, local governments are small, and many people know their
elected and appointed leaders.

If they mess up, politicians pay socially as well as in a court.

And in states with bigger cities, there are bigger budgets and more money for
officials to try to get their hands on.

There's more to corruption than federal convictions. It can extend to ethical
considerations and local campaign finance regulations.

People tend to stay in their Nebraska communities, and their reputations are
important, said Frank Daley, executive director of the Nebraska Accountability
and Disclosure Commission

Honesty and openness in government are important, Daley said.

Many of the ethics or other violations he has seen have been inadvertent or the
result of ignorance - not malice, Daley said.

It didn't surprise Schimek that Nebraska public officials, especially
legislators, rank low on corruption.

"We've had a long history of doing our level best to make sure shenanigans don't
happen within the legislative process," she said.

But a state should never be overconfident about the lack of scandal, she said.

"We have to always be vigilant."

Senators attend in-house ethics seminars and are made aware of the law and their
responsibilities, she said. The Legislature doesn't wait for scandals to prompt
changes in ethics laws.

Other state legislatures have had some real scandals, and Nebraska senators want
to avoid that, she said.

UNL's Wagner said that to know what goes on behind closed doors requires
aggressive reporters and whistle-blowers.

"It could be that Nebraskans are really corrupt, and they're just really good at
it," he said.

Reach JoAnne Young at 473-7228 or jyoung@journalstar.com

A little Nebraska scandal

It's not that public officials in Nebraska are squeaky clean. Here's a sampling
of those who broke state laws, which isn't necessarily viewed as corruption:

In 2006, University of Nebraska regent David Hergert was removed from office by
the Nebraska Supreme Court for intentionally violating state campaign finance
laws.

In 2004, state Sen. Ray Mossey of Bellevue, 36, a retired Omaha police officer,
was arrested on suspicion of prescription fraud, a felony, and carrying a
concealed weapon. He pleaded no contest to prescription fraud. He also was fined
$14,000 for campaign violations, including using campaign funds to pay an online
dating service and a tattoo parlor.

In 2003, State Treasurer Lorelee Byrd plead guilty to a criminal charge of
official misconduct involving hiding checks written to companies for services.
She denied trying to make it appear as if the money were spent to protect it
from legislative budget cutters.

In 1993, state Sen. Kurt Hohenstein of Homer surrendered his license to practice
law and pleaded guilty to stealing more than $30,000 in 1988 from an insurance
settlement.

In 1987, state Sen. Jim Pappas of North Platte was convicted of a felony related
to a state lottery ballot petition drive.

In 1871, the state's first governor, David Butler, was impeached for using
$16,881 in school land funds for personal use.

'We've had a long history of doing our level best to make sure shenanigans don't
happen within the legislative process.'

- Lincoln Sen. DiAnna Schimek

MOST CORRUPT, LEAST CORRUPT

From 1998 to 2007, Nebraska - with an average population of 1.74 million -
recorded only 12 federal public corruption convictions, ranking it last among
states.

The top 10 states by number of convictions were Florida, California, New York,
Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, New Jersey, the District of Columbia and
Louisiana.

The bottom 10 states were Idaho, Oregon, Iowa, New Mexico, Rhode Island, Maine,
Wyoming, New Hampshire, Vermont and Nebraska.

When you consider population, Nebraska still ranked last. The top 10 states were
the District of Columbia, North Dakota, Alaska, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana,
Kentucky, Alabama, Puerto Rico and Delaware.

The bottom 10 states were Colorado, Washington, New Mexico, Utah, Kansas,
Minnesota, Iowa, New Hampshire, Oregon and Nebraska.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009 Wednesday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

New York: A.G. Schneiderman And Comptroller DiNapoli Announce Arrests In Public
Corruption Case Involving Developer Who Allegedly Laundered Campaign
Contributions To Former Halfmoon Supervisor

LENGTH: 850  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of Attorney General, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman and Comptroller Thomas P. DiNapoli today
announced the arrest and indictment of Bruce C. Tanski of Clifton Park, Katina
M. Fogarty of Latham, and Nicholas M. DiNova, Jr. of Halfmoon for their roles in
an alleged scheme to circumvent campaign finance laws.

The case, being prosecuted by Attorney General Schneiderman's office, is the
product of a joint investigation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
and Comptroller DiNapoli's Office. The three defendants are accused of evading
requirements that donations be in the true name of the donor. Tanski is accused
of evading campaign contribution limits. The contributions were allegedly
funneled to then-Town of Halfmoon Supervisor Melinda "Mindy" Wormuth, who, in a
public corruption case pending in Saratoga County Court, is separately charged
with stealing thousands of dollars from campaign accounts.

"The law applies to everyone equally, no matter how rich or how powerful, and
that is why my office has aggressively prosecuted over 50 individuals in public
corruption cases since 2011, including a sitting state senator, a current member
of the New York City Council, and elected officials from both parties across New
York State," said Attorney General Schneiderman. "Public corruption undermines
faith in government, and that is why I have made cracking down on public
corruption a top priority."

"These individuals allegedly attempted to secretly funnel money into the town
supervisor's campaign chest, breaking the law and breaking the trust of the
public," said New York State Comptroller DiNapoli. "My office will continue to
work with law enforcement across the state to fight corruption and the abuse of
taxpayers. The public should be able to put its trust into government, and I'll
do my part to find those who violate that trust."

"Individuals who seek to circumvent election laws undermine the entire election
process thus denying a level playing field for all candidates," said Andrew W.
Vale, Special Agent in Charge of the Albany Division of the FBI. "The FBI will
continue to work closely with our law enforcement partners to see that public
corruption is rooted out at all levels."

Tanski is accused of circumventing election law and campaign contribution
limits, with the assistance of six persons who allegedly served as straw donors,
including co-defendants Katina Fogarty and Nicholas DiNova, Jr. Tanski, who has
several businesses with interests in the Town of Halfmoon, allegedly contributed
a total of $6,000 to the campaign of Wormuth through the straw donors, in
violation of the $1,000 contribution limit.

According to court papers, Tanski evaded the $1,000 limit by providing each of
six individuals with $1,000, who then issued a personal check for $1,000 to the
campaign in his or her own name and from his or her bank account. The indictment
charges that these contributions caused the treasurer of the Friends of Mindy
Wormuth campaign account to file false financial disclosure reports with the
state Board of Elections. The Wormuth Campaign received the $6,000 in donations
between March 2013 and July 2013. In 2011, Tanski was admonished by the state
Board of Elections for exceeding the $1,000 contribution limit to Wormuth's
campaign in 2007 and 2009.

Tanski is charged in the indictment with Offering a False Instrument for Filing,
a class E felony, as well as six counts of violating Election Law § 14-120(1), a
class A misdemeanor, titled Campaign Contributions to be Under True Name of
Contributor; and one count of violating Election Law § 14-126(4), a class A
misdemeanor, for violating the campaign limit established by the Election Law.
Fogarty and DiNova are each separately charged with one count of violating
Election Law § 14-120(1).  The case is pending before Saratoga County Court
Judge Jerry J. Scarano.

The Attorney General and Comptroller thank Special Agents Timothy Coll and
Vinesh Manglavil of the FBI (Albany office) for their cooperation and assistance
in this investigation.

Prosecuting the case are Senior Counsel Darren Miller and Assistant Attorney
General Bridget Holohan-Scally of the Public Integrity Bureau of the Attorney
General's Office. The Public Integrity Bureau is led by Bureau Chief Daniel Cort
and Deputy Bureau Chief Stacy Aronowitz. The Public Integrity Bureau is part of
the Criminal Justice Division led by Executive Deputy Attorney General for
Criminal Justice Kelly Donovan. The investigation was handled by Investigator
Mitch Paurowski, with support from Antoine Karam and Dominick Zarrella of the
Attorney General's Investigations Bureau, with assistance provided by Jason
Blair, forensic auditor for the Attorney General's Office, and legal analyst
Sara Pogorzelski.

The Comptroller's investigation was handled by the Division of Investigations.

The charges are merely accusations and all defendants are presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty in a court of law.

For further information please visit: http://www.ag.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            August 11, 2007 Saturday

Little news likely for a while as FBI questions vendors

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


By Ramon Bracamontes

El Paso Times

The ongoing public corruption investigation in El Paso is developing in a
pattern similar to public corruption cases in other cities, a couple of criminal
law experts say.

"Nothing that has happened there so far surprises me," said William Pizzi, a
University of Colorado criminal law professor. "They worked out with someone
early on to plead guilty, they named several others being investigated and they
are now working to put the whole package together."

Pizzi, was an assistant U.S. attorney in New Jersey, said the next step in the
investigation, which El Paso is in now, is rarely public and involves the
vendors who were the alleged targets of corruption. It is a phase the public
rarely sees, he said.

"They start contacting vendors and asking them if they are defendants or
victims," he said. "If they say they are victims, then there is some pressure
for their cooperation."

Without knowing the specifics of the El Paso corruption case, Pizzi said that it
appears investigators are in the victim cooperation stage.

The public corruption investigation began sometime in 2005, according to FBI
officials. It became public in May 2006 when agents raided the offices of the
National Center for Employment of the Disabled, now known as ReadyOne
Industries. That was followed by searches at some private homes, private law
offices and meetings with school board officials.

The community's awareness of the investigation heightened in May 2007, when the
offices of County Judge Anthony Cobos and Commissioners Luis Sariñana and Miguel
Terán were searched. Within days, the county chief of staff, John Travis Ketner,
resigned.

In June, Ketner plead guilty to conspiracy and fraud charges. In his plea, he
named 17 co-conspirators. All were referred to as John co-conspirator or Jane
co-conspirator.

"They never name names, but they write the documents where it is easy to
identify people," law Professor Peter Henning said.

Henning, who teaches at Wayne State University Law School and is an expert on
public corruption cases, said the local investigation is following a traditional
pattern.

Within a month after the "Information" document naming the co-conspirators was
released, one of the unnamed co-conspirators, former county Commissioner Betti
Flores, pleaded guilty to fraud and bribery charges. So far, only Flores and
Ketner have been charged.

Henning said the case will inevitably go to trial because it involves elected
officials.

"Elected officials either plead early or fight for a long time," he said. "They
have to fight to the end because, either way, it is the end of their career."

Only one of the implicated co-conspirators, local lawyer Martie Jobe, who
acknowledged in a court filing that she has been told by assistant U.S. attorney
Debra Kanof that she is a target, appears to be fighting back. Jobe is a former
county commissioner.

The others named as co-conspirators have chosen to remain silent. Most have
retained lawyers. Terán is one of the few elected officials to publicly say that
the ongoing investigation is the reason he retained a lawyer for $10,000.

El Paso defense lawyer Mary Stillinger has also been publicly trying to defend
three men implicated in the original NCED investigation.

A development in the case that surprised both Pizzi and Henning occurred this
week when El Paso lawyer Randy Ortega issued a news release saying his firm has
been representing Hector A. Zavaleta Jr. in the case and that Zavaleta has been
cooperating with federal authorities.

"Maybe he did something wrong and the lawyers are starting as right now to put a
good spin on their client," Pizzi said.

Zavaleta was a vice president with First Southwest Co., a financial advising
company that does bond work for every major government entity in El Paso.
Zavaleta unexpectedly resigned Wednesday. First Southwest is described as a
vendor unwilling to pay a bribe in federal documents.

Henning said he was surprised that defense lawyers named Zavaleta before he was
charged with something.

"Usually they wait until some type of plea is about to be made public before
they talk about their client," Henning said.

Neither Ortega nor Zavaleta could be reached for comment.

Ramon Bracamontes may be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6142.

Online extra:

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Odd twist in Shurtleff prosecution: Both sides want to know what feds might be
hiding

BYLINE: By Jennifer Dobner And Tom Harvey The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 1663 words


Are federal law enforcement officials hiding something from Mark Shurtleff?

The embattled former Utah attorney general thinks so ccc as does Davis County
Attorney Troy Rawlings, who is prosecuting Shurtleff on multiple corruption
charges.

That shared belief has made Shurtleff and Rawlings unlikely allies in an effort
to wrench a trove of evidence from the hands of federal officials that they
believe is vital to their respective cases.

Shurtleff maintains his innocence and believes the documents may show, his
lawyers say, that he was targeted for investigation after he gave federal law
enforcement information about an alleged scheme to bribe then-Senate Majority
Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev.

For his part, Rawlings argues the documents might help secure Shurtleff's
conviction on five felony and two misdemeanor counts. But trails of statements
in state and federal court filings also show Rawlings wants to pursue evidence
he believes may implicate federal law officials and business and political power
brokers from Utah to Washington, D.C., in possible misdeeds or cover-ups.

Federal prosecutors insist they and the FBI have turned over all the relevant
material ccc hundreds of thousands of pages of documents.

The dispute has soured the relationship between Rawlings and federal attorneys
and escalated into a legal tug of war.

At stake could be not just the criminal cases against Shurtleff and his anointed
successor, former Attorney General John Swallow, but perhaps how far the
prosecution of public corruption can go.

ccc

'The full scope' - In July 2014, Shurtleff and Swallow were charged in state
court with multiple felonies and misdemeanors related to allegations of bribery
and corruption inside the Utah Attorney General's Office. Both have pleaded not
guilty. Each has a trial scheduled for next year.

Rawlings has declined to comment publicly, but, according to court filings, he
believes that the U.S. attorney's office for Utah, the Justice Department and
the FBI may be holding evidence connecting Reid to funds that flowed the Nevada
senator's way from St. George businessman Jeremy Johnson and online-poker
executives who were prosecuted by the U.S. attorney in New York.

Rawlings also mentions the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section, which
took over the Swallow-Shurtleff investigation when the U.S. attorney's office
for Utah recused itself. The Public Integrity Section eventually declined to
prosecute, though the FBI continued to help when Rawlings and Salt Lake County
District Attorney Sim Gill took over the probes.

Evidence provided by Johnson under an immunity agreement "clearly leads to
material information in (among other places) the United States Attorney's Office
for the Southern District of New York, DOJ-PIN itself and overseas," Rawlings
wrote in a court document filed last week.

He and Shurtleff's lawyers are determined to pursue "the full scope of the
case," and the Davis County prosecutor is unwilling to give DOJ "a mulligan"
allowing it to ignore federal and state laws.

"Particularly," Rawlings wrote, "when, to their credit, local FBI agents were in
tune with the overlap of the full scope, but were not able to sit down and play
that grand piano, through no fault of their own."

An affidavit in a federal criminal case against Johnson also shows Rawlings is
seeking information on so-called Whitewater VII, the development of a Utah
Transit Authority FrontRunner station in Draper. The $65 million project became
the subject of a state probe and a legislative audit after questions arose about
business connections between Shurtleff supporter Mark Robbins and then-UTA board
member Terry Diehl.

Diehl was cleared of accusations that he violated state conflict-of-interest
laws, but Rawlings' attention to the deal could revive that investigation.

ccc

Same sides, different motives - Rawlings is battling the federal government on
two fronts: in state court and in a sealed action in U.S. District Court to get
evidence related to the state charges against Shurtleff.

In September, he filed a motion in the state criminal case asking the judge to
order the feds to turn over evidence.

Shurtleff attorney Richard Van Wagoner joined in that motion. He suggests the
charges against his client may be tainted by federal actions in 2007 and 2012.

Three years ago, Van Wagoner notes, Shurtleff told the feds of an effort by
Swallow to help Johnson enlist Reid's clout in stalling a Federal Trade
Commission investigation of the St. George businessman's I Works
online-marketing company.

Johnson told Shurtleff about Swallow's ties to the Reid overture ccc which
Johnson has cast as a "bribe" and Swallow has labeled "lobbying."

"The information Mark gave to the FBI was: Someone had told him what certain
people had previously done and what others were doing in an attempt to influence
Reid," Van Wagoner said in a statement. "This information, if true, did not pass
Mark's smell test, and he thought the FBI would want to know and investigate."

Now, Van Wagoner argues, "Shurtleff is entitled to all information relating to
what the FBI and the DOJ did or failed to do in follow-up to the information he
provided concerning the possible bribery of a United States senator and what
bearing that had on this prosecution and the FBI's reaching its hand from the
grave after the Public Integrity Section said 'no.' "

Reid's office has denied any knowledge of the scheme.

Van Wagoner also points to a 2007 FBI sting operation in which Shurtleff acted
at as a confidential informant. The attorney general secretly taped two meetings
with Paul Nelson, then head of security for another embattled businessman, Marc
Sessions Jenson, and who Shurtleff said had tried to bribe him.

Nelson met with Shurtleff while Shurtleff was hospitalized after a motorcycle
accident and again at the home of the attorney general's parents. Nelson never
was charged.

In essence, Van Wagoner is seeking a connection between these 2007 and 2012
encounters and the 2013 recusal of the U.S. attorney's office from the
Swallow-Shurtleff investigation.

Van Wagoner said documents show that the U.S. attorney's office was "conflicted"
and "therefore 'walled off' from any investigation or prosecution of Mr.
Shurtleff" because of "circumstances" dating to 2007. The exact nature of that
conflict, he added, has never been disclosed.

The defense lawyer also asserts that "significant overlap" exists between the
FBI agents who worked the "bribery sting" and those who assisted Rawlings and
Gill in their joint inquiry.

He wants to know why the FBI continued to assist county prosecutors after the
U.S. attorney's office in Utah stepped aside and the Department of Justice's
Public Integrity Section opted against pursuing charges against Shurtleff and
Swallow.

Claims that the FBI already has turned over hundreds of thousands of pages of
relevant documents and electronic records miss the mark, according to Van
Wagoner, who insists much of the material is irrelevant or in formats that
cannot be electronically searched.

ccc

Role reversals - Rawlings maintains the FBI gave up the right to hide behind
federal rules when it agreed in 2013 to continue to work with state prosecutors.

He also has said that a sealed federal court order issued by a judge in
September 2013 mandates cooperation and information sharing.

Rawlings has called on the Justice Department to join him in asking for the
order to be unsealed so that the state judge, who will hear arguments on the
issue Dec. 1, can make an informed decision.

Gill, whose office is prosecuting Swallow, has not sought the same cache of
documents from the FBI and said his office has "no reason to think we haven't
received the documents we need."

And while the Swallow and Shurtleff cases may have some overlap, Gill said, they
also differ, so each office may have different needs.

"We have two very different types of prosecutions that are occurring here," Gill
said. "The nexus and the issues may be issues to [Rawling's] case, and may not
have relevance to mine."

The actions of Swallow's newly hired attorney, Scott C. Williams, however, could
force Gill to change direction.

Hired just last week, Williams said Friday that his initial review of the case
indicates that principles outlined by Rawlings in Shurtleff's prosecution also
apply in Swallow's.

"The discovery issue is identical in constitutional importance, in scope and in
procedural ramifications," he said. " If the Salt Lake County District
Attorney's Office does not seek it in parallel fashion to the Davis County
Attorney's Office, then I will."

Federal attorneys, who declined to comment on the dispute, have argued in court
filings that they cannot hand over all the materials sought by Rawlings without
requiring him to justify each specific request. Additionally, the feds want
Shurtleff's defense team to provide proof of the relevance of the material so
that they can decide what evidence he's allowed.

"It's a classic case of the fox guarding the henhouse," Van Wagoner said.

To have state and federal prosecutors warring over the release of documents is
unusual ccc typically they're on the same side ccc and the impasse raises a host
of issues, said Salt Lake City defense attorney Clayton Simms.

"Probably the concern from the state prosecutors is, 'What if we secure a
conviction and then something comes out later that undermines that conviction?'
" he said. "I'd want to know 100 percent of what's out there, whether it could
help or hurt."

Failing to secure all the evidence also presents prosecutors with a potentially
larger legal problem, Simms said. Court rules and the Utah Constitution require
prosecutors to obtain ccc and provide to the defense ccc all relevant evidence
so that accused parties can mount their defense.

If a prosecutor cannot do that, Simms said, it can leave the door open for a
defendant to seek a dismissal, create reasonable doubt in the minds of a jury at
trial or provide an avenue for appeal.

jdobner@sltrib.com tharvey@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 9, 1991, Saturday

House OKs bill aimed at curbing corruption

BYLINE: By Rhonda Cook Staff writercrime; law; politics; legislation

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION B; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 227 words


Gov. Zell Miller's political corruption bill aimed at preventing officeholders
from selling their votes passed the House on Friday. But some members worried
that the bill could make it seem that they are selling their influence when they
accept small gifts or lunches from lobbyists.

The bill broadens the state's bribery and extortion law but shifts emphasis from
the intention of the person allegedly making the bribe to the officeholder
receiving it. The legislation is patterned after the federal anti-corruption
Hobbs Act.

The bill, a key part of Mr. Miller's legislative package, must return to the
Senate because the House narrowed the measure's focus.

"There is nothing that prohibits lunches, dinners or trips to St. Augustine, as
long as it wasn't done to influence his actions," said Rep. Denmark Groover
(D-Macon), who reviewed the bill when it was in committee.

Rep. Thurbert Baker (D-Decatur) said the bill "struck a tremendous balance"
between protecting the public and letting lawmakers accept small gifts and meals
from those interested in the Legislature, as long as they are not in exchange
for their support.

"Do you think they're taking you to lunch because they love you or they might be
wanting something down the road?" asked Rep. Charles Poag (D-Eton).

Answered Mr. Baker, "I hope it's because they love us."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 18, 1996, Monday, JOURNAL EDITION

LATE NEWS;
Close calls declining, FAA says

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: Arlington, Va.


Commercial airliners in the United States have come as close as 500 feet to
another plane at least 23 times this year, USA Today reported today.

But a cockpit warning system required since 1993 on big jets is credited, along
with training and teamwork in the planes and air traffic control centers, with
helping cut the number of close calls in recent years.

The Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System, a cockpit computer that warns
of potential crashes with other aircraft, has done "a marvelous job in helping
bring down the rate" of near-collisions, Federal Aviation Administration
spokesman Eliot Brenner said.

FAA records show that 131 times in 1989, commercial airliners came as close as
500 feet to another plane, USA Today reported, citing federal aviation records.

961 charged with corruption

Seoul, South Korea - A six-month crackdown on corruption resulted in the arrests
of 961 people, prosecutors said today.

Those arrested included 265 civil servants; the others were bank, environmental
and insurance officials, teachers, and journalists who extorted money from the
government.

Tax-related corruption was most prevalent, followed by corruption in
construction and education, the prosecutors said.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: These briefs ran only in the Today's News edition of The Atlanta
Journal.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

BYLINE: - Robert Barnes

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 698 words

ILLINOIS

Court will not review Blagojevich charges

The U.S. Supreme Court said Monday that it will not review the conviction of
former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich on corruption charges.

The justices, without comment, let stand an appeals court's ruling that said
Blagojevich (D) illegally sought money in exchange for filling the Senate seat
left vacant when President Obama was elected.

Blagojevich is serving a 14-year sentence for that and other actions he took as
governor. An appeals court threw out five of his 18 convictions, and the former
governor wanted the justices to find that the others did not cross the line from
political favors to criminal conduct.

The court next month will hear an appeal from former Virginia governor Robert
McDonnell (R), who was convicted of corruption for his efforts on behalf of a
businessman who bestowed money and gifts on the governor and his family.

The court will hear oral arguments April 27 in the long-running saga of
McDonnell, who was convicted along with his wife, Maureen.

- Robert Barnes

Chicago mayor names interim police chief

A veteran Chicago police supervisor who did not even apply for the job was named
interim police chief Monday by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who rejected finalists chosen
by a civilian board as he tries to rebuild trust in a department facing a
federal investigation and racism accusations.

Eddie Johnson, the 55-year-old black head of the police department's patrol
division, grew up in a city housing project.

Emanuel (D) is searching for a new chief during a spike in violent crime, low
department morale and intensified scrutiny of police shootings, in particular
the death of Laquan McDonald, a black teen shot 16 times by a white officer.
Former superintendent Garry McCarthy was fired days after police video of
McDonald's death was released in November.

Emanuel called Johnson well respected in the department and cited his knowledge
of Chicago's communities and its residents. He said Johnson would have officers'
backs when they do their job and hold them accountable when they do not.

Emanuel's spokeswoman, Kelley Quinn, said the mayor spent months talking with
community groups before his decision.

A city ordinance allows Emanuel to appoint an interim chief and ask the board
for new finalists. Johnson will have to apply.

The black and Latino caucuses of the Chicago City Council say they're pleased
with Emanuel's choice, but some community leaders raised questions about the
pick and criticized Emanuel's process in bypassing the three finalists.

- From news services

TENNESSEE

Attorneys awardedmore than $2 million

A federal judge has awarded more than $2 million to lawyers who helped gay
couples in Tennessee win a landmark U.S. Supreme Court ruling that allows
same-sex marriage.

U.S. District Judge Aleta Trauger ruled that the results the lawyers got in the
case were "superb and far-reaching" and that they should be entitled to costs
and fees. The $2.03 million awarded in legal fees and expenses was 15 percent
less than what the attorneys wanted.

State Attorney General Herbert Slatery's office had argued that the plaintiffs'
attorneys only deserved $1.1 million because of duplicated work, vague
time-keeping and charging for attending news conferences.

In Michigan, lawyers representing same-sex couples were paid $1.9 million, while
the attorneys in Ohio received $1.3 million, and in Kentucky they earned $1.1
million.

The Tennessee lawyers worked for three couples who legally married in other
states. They sued to challenge Tennessee laws that had banned recognition of
their marriages.

- Associated Press

Volcano erupts in Alaska:  An ash cloud from a remote Alaska volcano rose to
37,000 feet and stretched more than 400 miles wide over a rural part of the
state Monday. The Pavlof Volcano erupted Sunday, causing tremors on the ground,
the U.S. Geological Survey said. The volcano is 625 miles southwest of Anchorage
on the Alaska Peninsula, the finger of land that sticks out from mainland Alaska
toward the Aleutian Islands. Alaska State Troopers could not say whether any
injuries were reported. The closest community is Cold Bay, about 37 miles
southwest of the volcano.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                          September 30, 2010 Thursday

He came, he saw, he 'conquered' America

LENGTH: 1090 words


In the second and last part of her first-person article, Cita Abad-Dinglasan is
optimistic that with the help of Filipinos, wherever they are, President Benigno
Aquino 3rd would win the battle against corruption and other ills plaguing the
country.

Fely Balbin, a Filipino-American security agent at San Francisco Airport, is
equally eager to "semi-retire" in her homeland. "Sana wala nang kurakot," she
rued, "pero mahirap yata. At kailangan din na may work for all. And all should
be employed [I hope there won't be any corruption anymore, but that may be
difficult. And work for all is needed.] Security also. The visitors will be
afraid to go to Pinas." Pinas is a term of endearment for "Pilipinas" or the
Philippines.

Her colleague Sony was lucky enough to have been working the area where
President Aquino passed by. "I shook his hand!" she told fellow airport worker
Rommel Flores. Sony apparently had been disarmed by the President's magnetic
charm.

It reminded of the time my sister Cynthia Bondoc and I flew to Little Rock,
Arkansas, to cover the Bill Clinton's 1992 campaign for the presidency. We
exchanged cameras to take pictures of each other with Clinton as he bounded down
the airplane steps and headed toward the privileged "Friends of Clinton" Group
away from CNN and other major network news television crew and the foreign news
people from Germany, France and Russia.

Marilou Mabilangan-Haley, a close friend of Clinton, used my house at the
request of lawyer-activist Rodel Rodis during the campaign and invited us to
meet Go-ve-nuh Clinton in his hometown. (Haley is with the Kissinger group in
Manhattan and remains close to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the chairman
of the Millennium Challenge Corp. grants. Bill is overall Ambassador of
Goodwill, and still good-looking, albeit more stately.)

Well, Cynthia was so taken by Clinton's incandescent star power, that even if he
paused to speak to me for a few wonderful minutes, and global photographers
clicked away at us, Cynthia remained agape all the time and forgot to take my
picture with attractive, crowd-drawer specially with women, Clinton! Indeed, his
White House Filipino Aide/Butler Bayani Nelvis, who bought miscellaneous items
such as cigars for him-yes, the famous cigar Monica Lewinsky smoked before her
tete-a-tete with the US President-and who served five US presidents, told me
that he witnessed women who would throw hotel keys, business cards, panties,
bras at Clinton whenever he went to the crowds to shake their hands! But that's
another interesting story!

Back to the San Francisco, Airport employees, many of whom would like to partly
retire, "six months there in our province in the Philippines, and six months
here in the USA to see our children." I told them to e-mail Mr. Aquino or the
Philippine Retirement Authority. They were skeptical of what the government
could do since the government failed them in the past, the raison d'etre for
their migration to America, away from their loved ones in the Philippines.

I told them that I was an OFW (overseas Filipino worker) myself from the 1960s,
as a student, and the subsequent years through martial law and beyond, because
the Philippine government had failed me as well. They asked for my business card
and I promised them that I would deliver their message. Specially their disgust
at the seemingly never-ending, firmly entrenched, malevolent big "C"-Corruption.
"Matatanggal pa kaya iyon? [Will corruption ever be removed?]" they asked. If we
all work together, I said, it will be stamped out.

The airport employees were impressed that the image of Philippine National Hero
Jose Rizal was on my card, and they knew that he also fought for freedom from
oppression and the poverty of his people and the corruption of many Filipino
values by the Spaniards of his era.

The later conquerors, the American "Joes," won the Philippines from Spain but
only improved our educational system. The Filipinos learned to bribe in English.
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have drained the American economy and talk of
the oil-connected corruption of former Vice President Dick Cheney is legendary.

News breaking here in the United States about some insensitivity-calling liberal
activists "retarded" is causing the President, Barack Obama, to drop his
long-time confidante Rahm Emanuel. Emanuel has offered to resign rather than
hamper the work of his beleaguered boss. We wonder how the talk about the
Philippine President's longtime ally, Executive Secretary Paquito "Jojo" Ochoa
Jr., being a law partner of Ferdinand Marcos' daughter-in-law Lisa
Marcos-Araneta-who has defended the Marcos millions-will be resolved.

After all, during a recent interview, Mr. Aquino said that he would rather have
thinning hair than a thick face, one that would resign at the slightest hint of
scandal. The news says here, at 6 a.m. Tuesday, September 28 in San Francisco,
that Obama is considering Emanuel's offer to resign.

How similar the US and Philippine Presidents are, both children of Destiny, both
running-and winning-on their campaign for a CHANGE you can believe in.

How dissimilar their confidante-aides are, in the face of massive corruption
which supposedly occurred in the Quezon City administration under former Mayor
Feliciano Belmonte Jr. of Quezon City. What will Ochoa do? And, more important,
what will President Benigno Cojuangco Aquino 3rd do?

The President and I were just breathing the same air not too long ago.
Hopefully, he has been invigorated by the hope in this country that while
corruption can be, and is, present in the USA, you cannot get away with it
without the media exposing it and/or justice being done.

Try bribing a cop in the USA, for example, and see where it will get you-certain
jail and a hefty fine. Try bribing a cop in Manila, if you can find them at all
at night, and it will get you free passage.

Corruption rears its ugly head EVERYWHERE, but together, as Mr. Aquino has been
repeating everywhere, in the hallowed halls of the United Nations or the
barangay halls in the Philippines, we can fight and overcome corruption and
poverty and runaway population-he co-authored the reproductive act bill-by
working together.

Indeed that was his message at the UN General Assembly in the beginning of his
trip, and at the Mission Dolores when he ended his trip to America. He came, he
saw, and he conquered America!

We await, with bated breath, what he can do with the Philippines!

The author was educated at St. Scholastica College-Manila, Stanford and Harvard.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2010 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             July 25, 2009 Saturday

Mayors, rabbis rounded up in corruption probe

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 1008 words


NEWARK - An investigation into the sale of black-market kidneys and fake Gucci
handbags evolved into a sweeping probe of political corruption in New Jersey,
ensnaring more than 40 people on Friday, including three mayors, two state
politicians and several rabbis.

Even for a state with a rich history of graft, the scale of wrongdoing alleged
was breathtaking. An FBI official called corruption "a cancer that is destroying
the core values of this state".

Federal prosecutors said the investigation initially focused on a
money-laundering network that operated between the New York City borough of
Brooklyn, Deal in New Jersey, and Israel.

The network is alleged to have laundered tens of millions of dollars through
Jewish charities controlled by rabbis in New York and New Jersey.

Prosecutors then used an informant in that investigation to help them go after
corrupt politicians. The informant - a real estate developer charged with bank
fraud three years ago - posed as a crooked businessman and paid a string of
public officials tens of thousands of dollars in bribes to get approvals for
buildings and other projects in New Jersey, authorities said.

Among the 44 people arrested were the mayors of Hoboken, Ridgefield and
Secaucus, Jersey City's deputy mayor, and two state assemblymen. A member of the
governor's cabinet resigned after agents searched his home, though he was not
arrested. All but one of the officeholders are Democrats.

Also, five rabbis from New York and New Jersey - two of whom lead congregations
in Deal - were accused of laundering millions of dollars, some of it from the
sale of counterfeit goods and bankruptcy fraud.

Others arrested included building and fire inspectors, city planning officials
and utilities officials, all of them accused of using their positions to further
the corruption.

In rounding up the defendants, FBI and IRS agents raided a synagogue yesterday
in Deal, a wealthy oceanfront city of Mediterranean-style mansions, with a large
population of Syrian Jews.

Those arrested include Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who was charged with
conspiring to arrange the sale of an Israeli citizen's kidney for $160US,000
($244,000) for a transplant for the informant's fictitious uncle. Rosenbaum was
quoted as saying he had been arranging the sale of kidneys for 10 years.

The politicians arrested were not accused of any involvement in the money
laundering or the trafficking in human organs and fake handbags.

The number of arrests was remarkable even for New Jersey, where more than 130
public officials have pleaded guilty to or have been convicted of corruption
since 2001.

"New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if not the worst, in the
nation," said Ed Kahrer, who heads the FBI's public corruption division. "
Corruption is a cancer that is destroying the core values of this state."

Governor Jon Corzine said: "The scale of corruption we're seeing as this unfolds
is simply outrageous and cannot be tolerated."

Hours after FBI agents seized documents from his home and office, New Jersey
community affairs commissioner Joseph Doria resigned. Federal officials would
not say whether he would be charged.

Authorities did not identify the informant, described in court papers as a
person "charged in a federal criminal complaint with bank fraud in or about May
2006". But the date matches up with an investigation that led to charges against
Solomon Dwek, the son of a Deal rabbi.

The younger Dwek was charged at the time in connection with a bounced $25US
million cheque he deposited in a bank's drive-through window. He has denied the
charges. Dwek's lawyer did not immediately return a call for comment yesterday,
but lawyers for some of the rabbis who were arrested pointed a finger at him.

"Solomon Dwek - isn't that the Government's co-operator?" said Robert Stahl, a
lawyer for 87-year-old Rabbi Saul Kassin of Brooklyn. Stahl said it was a shame
the rabbi had been "caught up in this misunderstanding" and that he "remained
confident".

Michael Bachner, representing Brooklyn Rabbi Mordchai Fish, said "our belief is
that Mr Dwek used his closeness and the sterling reputation of his family to
manipulate individuals who trusted that he would never be involved in illegal
conduct".

Most of the defendants facing corruption charges were released on bail. The
money-laundering defendants faced bail between $300US,000 and $3US million, and
most were ordered to submit to electronic monitoring.

Among those ensnared by the informant was Hoboken Mayor Peter Cammarano III. The
32-year-old, who won a runoff election last month, was accused of accepting
money from the developer at a Hoboken diner.

"There's the people who were with us, and that's you guys," the complaint quotes
Cammarano saying. "There's the people who climbed on board in the runoff. They
can get in line. ... And then there are the people who were against us the whole
way ... they get ground into powder."

Cammarano's lawyer Joseph Hayden said his client was "innocent of these charges.
He intends to fight them with all his strength until he proves his innocence."

Cammarano was accused of accepting $25US,000 in cash bribes. Secaucus Mayor
Dennis Elwell was charged with taking $10US,000. Ridgefield Mayor Anthony Suarez
was charged with agreeing to accept an illegal $10US,000.

Jersey City Deputy Mayor Leona Beldini was charged with conspiracy to commit
extortion by taking $20US,000 in illegal campaign contributions. State
assemblymen Daniel Van Pelt and L. Harvey Smith were also accused of taking
payoffs.

Jersey City Mayor Jerramiah Healy said the charges were "a little shocking. I
have full faith in Leona. She's a good friend of mine - was and will be."

Mike Winnick was praying in the Deal Synagogue when FBI agents raided. He said
they escorted a rabbi into his office and blocked the doorway. "Everyone was
looking at each other, like, 'What's going on here?"'

Buses took those arrested to the FBI's Newark office. One agent slowly walked an
elderly rabbi into the building as another covered his face with a felt hat.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: Dr. Brian Maxson receives fellowship to study in Florence, Italy

LENGTH: 451  words

DATELINE: Nashville


East Tennessee State University, The state of Tennessee has issued the following
news release:

Dr. Brian Maxson has been awarded a Craig Hugh Smyth visiting fellowship at
Villa I Tatti, the Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies.
The fellowship provides financial support for study in Florence, Italy, and
lifelong fellow privileges at I Tatti.

Maxson, an associate professor of history and assistant dean of the School of
Graduate Studies at East Tennessee State University, is in residence at I Tatti
until mid-June with top scholars from around the world whose research focuses on
the Italian Renaissance.

Maxson is investigating the history of political corruption in Renaissance
Italy.

"Traditionally, historians have conceived of the Renaissance world as lacking
clear distinctions between private and public affairs," Maxson said.  "However,
the conception and condemnation of political corruption in the period
presupposes a distinction between the two.

"It is my hope that a deeper understanding of the conception and prosecution of
political corruption during the Renaissance can shed light upon the origins and
current ways that we view and regulate the private and public in our own day."

Maxson is the author of "The Humanist World of Renaissance Florence," published
by Cambridge University Press in 2014, and co-editor of "After Civic Humanism:
Learning and Politics in Renaissance Italy," which was released in February by
the Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies at Victoria University in the
University of Toronto.

He has previously received funding for his research from the Fulbright
Foundation, the Dolores Zohrab Liebmann Foundation, the ETSU Research and
Development Committee and the Marco Institute at the University of Tennessee.
Since 2010, he has represented ETSU at multiple international venues, including
Oxford University, the Ludwig Maximilians Institute in Munich, the University of
Toronto and others.

Maxson holds his B.A. from Michigan State University and his M.A. and Ph.D.
degrees from Northwestern University.

Funded by a grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, the Craig Hugh Smyth
Fellowship is named after the third director if I Tatti (1973-85).  Smyth, who
died in 2006, was an American art historian whose work focused on conservation
of Renaissance art and the recovery of stolen art and cultural objects,
including works confiscated by the Nazis during World War II.  He taught at New
York University, as well as Harvard, and published "Mannerism and Maniera," an
important work in the study of Mannerist theory.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 2, 2011 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Corruption Trial Opens for Lawmaker From Brooklyn Political Family

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER; Ann Farmer contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 809 words


An assemblyman from one of Brooklyn's most prominent political families struck a
secret deal to use his influence in Albany on behalf of a hospital chief
executive in return for a sham consulting job that paid him about $175,000, a
federal prosecutor said Tuesday.

The assemblyman, William F. Boyland Jr., ''demanded a no-show job to enrich
himself,'' the prosecutor, William J. Harrington, told the jury as the
politician's trial began in Federal District Court in Manhattan.

''Boyland did no meaningful hospital work,'' Mr. Harrington said, adding that
what the hospital, Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center in Brooklyn,
got for its money was ''a paid advocate in Albany, a politician on the take.''

Mr. Boyland's trial is the second stemming from a corruption indictment returned
in March that charged eight defendants, including two state politicians, a
lobbyist, health care executives and others. The case has been seen as offering
a window on the cozy relationship between lawmakers and hospitals, and more
broadly on an apparent culture of corruption in Albany.

In another, unrelated corruption case next week, a city politician, Councilman
Larry B. Seabrook, a Bronx Democrat, goes on trial in the same court on charges
of money laundering, extortion and fraud.

On Tuesday, a lawyer for Mr. Boyland told the jury there was no evidence that
his client had accepted bribes and that the government's case ''rests really on
cynicism, speculation and suspicion, because you are not going to find evidence
of that unlawful agreement,'' the lawyer, Richard H. Rosenberg, said in his
opening statement.

He said Mr. Boyland had done genuine consulting work for Brookdale, an
arrangement he had reached with David P. Rosen, then the chief executive of
MediSys, the nonprofit sponsor of Brookdale and other hospitals, nursing homes
and neighborhood health centers in Queens and Brooklyn.

MediSys retained Mr. Boyland ''because of his contacts and his influence in the
community,'' Mr. Rosenberg said.

He added that MediSys did not need to bribe a freshman assemblyman and that the
organization had its own ''lobby machine'' and staff that prepared budget
presentations to state agencies. He said his client's acts ''were all totally
consistent with his responsibility to his community, to his district.''

Mr. Rosen was tried this summer by Judge Jed S. Rakoff -- in a nonjury trial, at
Mr. Rosen's request. In September, Judge Rakoff issued a ruling finding Mr.
Rosen guilty of seeking to bribe Mr. Boyland and two other Democratic officials
-- Assemblyman Anthony S. Seminerio of Queens and Senator Carl Kruger of
Brooklyn -- in return for favorable treatment for MediSys.

Mr. Seminerio, who pleaded guilty to fraud in an earlier case, has since died;
Mr. Kruger and his codefendants are to be tried in January.

Mr. Boyland declined to comment after the trial's first day, which was attended
by his parents and other supporters.

His father, William F. Boyland Sr., 71, who served two decades in the same
Assembly seat until his son replaced him in 2003, said: ''I just have to believe
in the justice system. We must believe in it.''

William F. Boyland Sr. succeeded his brother, Thomas S. Boyland, who won the
seat in the late 1970s but died at age 39 in 1982. The younger Mr. Boyland's
sister, Tracy, served on the City Council as well.

Their legacy in Brooklyn also endures in the streets: Mr. Boyland Jr.'s district
office is at 467 Thomas S. Boyland Street. Public School No. 73 is known as the
Thomas S. Boyland School. The William F. Boyland Early Childhood Academy is on
Sutter Avenue. There is also a Thomas Boyland Park.

Mr. Rosenberg, the defense lawyer, did not ignore the family's history in his
statement, telling jurors that Boyland was ''a brand name'' in his community and
part of ''a legacy of more than 30 years of people in his family who have
represented'' the district.

There was a quiet, subdued atmosphere on Tuesday at Assemblyman Boyland's
district office, where several employees answered telephones or worked at their
computers. ''We're fine,'' a receptionist said.

Mr. Boyland faces a maximum of 20 years in prison if convicted on one conspiracy
count and 5 years on the other, although under federal advisory sentencing
guidelines he is likely to face some shorter sentence. Under the law, he would
also lose his legislative seat if convicted.

Mr. Rosenberg told the jurors that the suggestion of a no-show job was ''a
distraction from what was basically a good-will arrangement, bringing on a
Boyland to be the name and the face of an outreach to a community and to build
trust.''

But in his opening argument, the prosecutor, Mr. Harrington, said the people of
Brooklyn had entrusted Mr. Boyland with the power to pass laws and to use his
position on their behalf. Mr. Boyland ''took the people's trust and sold them
out,'' he said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:  Assemblyman William Boyland Jr. left federal court on Tuesday,
followed by his father. Mr. Boyland is accused of accepting money from a
Brooklyn hospital organization in exchange for favors. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOHN
MARSHALL MANTEL FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday

Obituary of Marc Hodler Sports official who blew the whistle on corruption in
the Olympic bidding process

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 827 words


MARC HODLER, who died on Wednesday aged 87, blew the whistle on corruption in
the Olympic bidding process, sparking a crisis which led to the expulsion or
resignation of 10 delegates to the International Olympic Committee.

Rumours of corruption in the organisation had been swirling around in sporting
circles for years when, following the award of the 1992 Olympics to Atlanta,
Hodler, a former Swiss international skier and a long-serving member of the IOC,
was charged with looking into the matter. He subsequently drew up new rules to
govern the behaviour of bidding cities, limiting the value of gifts to IOC
members to $200.

But the rumours persisted, with reports of bidding cities showering IOC members
with lavish gifts, entertainment and trips, and there were suggestions that the
IOC, under its president Juan Antonio Samaranch, was deliberately turning a
blind eye.

Late in 1998 a letter was leaked revealing that, during its successful bid for
the 2002 Winter Olympic games, Salt Lake City had organised a $500,000
scholarship fund which benefited relatives of six IOC members, and had paid for
medical care for others. The IOC ordered an inquiry, but its attempt to play the
matter down as a little local difficulty backfired spectacularly when Hodler
held a series of impromptu press briefings at which he confirmed what everyone
in sports politics had suspected for years.

"There has always been a certain part of the vote given to corruption,'' Hodler
admitted, and he went on to name four cities he believed had waged corrupt
campaigns in recent years: Atlanta, Salt Lake City, Sydney (host of the 2002
Summer Olympics), and Nagano (host of the 1998 Winter Olympics). By his account
a group of four Olympic agents, including one IOC member, had been involved in
promising votes for payment, and he estimated that between five and seven per
cent of the IOC's 115 members were open to bribery.

At first Samaranch responded by distancing himself from Hodler's remarks,
pointing out that he was not speaking in an official capacity, and by
instructing Hodler not to give any further interviews to the press. "I've been
muzzled,'' Hodler complained. "Perhaps I'll be thrown out.'' But Samaranch was
soon forced to backtrack, confirming that the IOC had been concerned by the work
of agents for some time and promising an internal investigation.

The allegations resulted in such confusion that for a time the Olympic movement
looked as if it might implode. More details of the scandal unravelled as it
emerged that officials from the Salt Lake bid committee had even paid for visits
by IOC members to prostitutes. Samaranch himself was forced to admit receiving
an inscribed pistol and a rifle on two separate visits to the city.

The gifts, valued at $2,000, appeared to contravene IOC guidelines. However
Samaranch defended himself by arguing that the rule only applied to members
taking part in elections, pointing out that, as president, he did not have a
vote.

Within weeks the scandal had forced the resignation of the leaders of the Salt
Lake City group organising the Winter Olympics and led to an unprecedented purge
of IOC members, with six delegates expelled and four resigning. Subsequently the
IOC enacted a series of reforms including a ban on visits by members to bidding
cities.

But there were suspicions among some in the IOC that Hodler had personal reasons
for his outburst, as one of the main cheerleaders for the Swiss town of Sion,
which had lost out to Salt Lake City for the Winter Olympics in 2002. When Sion,
a picturesque mountain town with plenty of winter sports experience, renewed its
bid for the 2006 Winter Olympics, it became the bookies' favourite. The chances
of its main rival Turin, an industrial city with no winter sports tradition,
were generally thought to be slim. But in 1999 the IOC awarded the games to
Turin in a vote widely interpreted as a slap in the face for Hodler: "Many saw
it as payback time,'' one unnamed IOC member was quoted as saying.

Marc Hodler was born in Bern, Switzerland, on October 25 1918. He learned to ski
when he was six and became a member of the Swiss national ski team in his teens.
The Swiss decided not to participate in the 1936 Berlin Olympics and it was not
until 1948 that they had the chance again. Hodler's sporting peak had passed
and, instead, he was placed in charge of his nation's Olympic hopes.
Subsequently he became president of the Swiss Ski Federation, a post he held for
47 years. From 1951 to 1998 he was president of the International Ski
Federation.

Hodler also pursued a successful career as a lawyer, running his own firm.
Appointed a member of the IOC in 1963, he served four terms on its executive
board. He was vice-president from 1993 to 1997 and chairman of the IOC's finance
commission from 1988 to 2002. Also a keen bridge player, he was president of the
Swiss Bridge Federation from 1952 to 1988.

Marc Hodler is survived by his wife, Anna Rosa, and by two sons.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              May 24, 2009 Sunday

New ethics commission would punish elected officials under new bill

BYLINE: By Brandi Grissom / Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 838 words



 More on local & national politics

AUSTIN -- Elected officials who get tangled up in corruption in El Paso could
face investigations and potential fines from a newly strengthened ethics
commission, under a bill the Texas House tentatively approved Saturday.

"We have seen a breakdown in county government recently. Community leaders from
the courthouse to the statehouse have joined together to ensure that we have a
new day for El Paso county government," said state Rep. Marisa Marquez, D-El
Paso, co-author of the bill with state Sen. Eliot Shapleigh, D-El Paso.

El Paso County officials have said the ongoing FBI investigation has cast a
shadow of corruption over local government and stunted economic development. If
legislators give the county the power to go after corrupt officials and staff,
they hope to regain the public's trust.

"It will indicate to companies that wish to do business in El Paso that we do
not have a corruption problem that will get in the way of free commerce,"
Marquez said.

The measure, though, has generated months of controversy among El Paso
lawmakers, particularly state Rep. Norma Chávez, who had many concerns about the
bill.

The measure approved Saturday would allow the county to adopt an ethics code
that would apply to elected officials and local government employees. A
10-member ethics commission, which would be appointed by county commissioners,
would have the power to investigate complaints about violations of those codes
and impose civil penalties of up to $4,000.

Currently, El Paso County has an ethics commission, but the commission has no
authority to punish offenders.

"It's a good step in the right direction," said El Paso County Attorney Jose
Rodriguez.

But Chávez, who had multiple concerns about the measure as it progressed through
the Capitol, called it the "witch-hunt ethics bill."

"As the commission is established, I'm sure there will be legislation to deal
with unintended consequences," she said.

After public hearings in El Paso and two public hearings at the Capitol, more
than halfway through the 140-day legislative session, Chávez gave Marquez a list
of about 40 concerns she had about the measure.

Chávez said repeatedly she was not trying to stall or kill the bill but to make
it better.

"Never did I ask anyone in this legislative body to vote against this bill," she
said.

Several of Chávez's concerns had to do with whether people implicated in
complaints would be treated fairly and with how the ethics code would affect
officers in the El Paso County Sheriff's Office.

As originally presented, the bill would have a conflict with the existing
collective-bargaining agreement that sheriffs had with the county, said Charley
Wilkison, spokesman for the Combined Law Enforcement Association of Texas, or
CLEAT.

Wilkison said CLEAT lawyers did not identify the conflict until the measure was
already moving through the Capitol.

"We were late onto the scene, so we ruffled feathers," Wilkison said.

But Wilkison said CLEAT did not want to kill the ethics measure and worked with
Marquez to fix problems for the sheriffs' deputies.

While it's not perfect, Wilkison said, the measure no longer would infringe on
deputies' rights under their collective-bargaining agreement.

Even after the deputies' problems were fixed and Marquez added other changes in
response to her concerns, Chávez last week proposed another change to the bill
that would have required the ethics code to include a prohibition against the
sheriff allowing deputies to provide transportation to elected officials who
were drunk.

Chávez did not specify where the information came from, but she said she had
learned the sheriff's office "may have" a list of elected officials to help if
those officials were intoxicated.

"I'm not on that list. I'm not privy to that. I'm just saying it's wrong; it
shouldn't be done," Chávez said.

El Paso County Sheriff Richard Wiles said that no such list existed in his
department and that none ever had, to his knowledge.

"The allegation we give rides to intoxicated elected officials is absolutely
false," Wiles said.

If Chávez had specific knowledge about such a list, he said, she should present
it to him for investigation because using county property for personal purposes
is a violation of policy.

Wiles said he thought Chávez made the proposal in order to kill the measure.

"That amendment is really unnecessary and inappropriate," he said.

Chávez said Saturday that she was happy the ethics bill passed.

After one more vote in the House and final approval in the Senate, the measure
will head to Gov. Rick Perry's desk.

Her only regret during the tumultuous process, Chávez said, was that she didn't
take the bill on herself when the county asked her to shepherd it through the
Legislature earlier this year.

"That was my mistake, giving (Marquez) the bill," she said. "I regret giving
(her) the ethics bill because then it could have been clearly a document that I
could have been in control of."

Brandi Grissom may be reached at bgrissom@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 19, 2008 Wednesday

Holder tried infamous corruption case

BYLINE: Borys Krawczeniuk, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words


Nov. 19--Eric H. Holder Jr., reportedly at the top of President-elect Barack
Obama's list of attorney general candidates, prosecuted one of Northeast
Pennsylvania's most infamous corruption cases.

As a member of a special U.S. Department of Justice anti-corruption unit, Mr.
Holder successfully prosecuted reputed mobster James "Dave" Osticco of Pittston
on obstruction of justice and conspiracy charges for jury tampering in the 1977
federal flood fraud trial of Dunmore businessman Louis DeNaples.

Mr. Osticco was convicted in 1983 and sentenced to eight years in jail. He died
in 1990.

His trial took place in Harrisburg before U.S. District Judge William Caldwell,
but its roots were in the Scranton area.

Senior District Judge William J. Nealon supervised the grand jury investigating
the case, which blossomed when a juror confessed her husband had talked her into
voting to acquit Mr. DeNaples and three other defendants.

The woman said Mr. Osticco gave her husband $1,000 in cash, four car tires and a
pocket watch.

She was the only juror to vote against convicting Mr. DeNaples and the others.
Mr. DeNaples later pleaded no contest to conspiracy charges and was ordered to
pay a $10,000 fine.

Mr. Holder was part of Justice's Public Integrity Section, formed in 1976, and
was assigned to investigate "official corruption on the local, state and federal
levels," according to a biography posted on his law firm's Web site.

The biography boasts of his conviction of "a 'capo' (captain) in an organized
crime family in Pennsylvania."

Based in Washington, D.C., Mr. Holder was occasionally assigned to investigate
corruption cases across the country.

In the late 1970s, he prosecuted several cases in Northeast Pennsylvania, though
not Mr. DeNaples, said former Lackawanna County Judge S. John Cottone, who at
the time was the U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, which
includes the Northeast.

"He was a very good lawyer," Judge Cottone said Tuesday. "I tried to get him to
stay and work here."

Mr. Holder declined the offer.

Judge Nealon and Judge Cottone said they could not recall other cases Mr. Holder
prosecuted.

Judge Nealon said he and Mr. Holder stayed in touch over the years, and Mr.
Holder praises the judge in a documentary about the judge's life airing this
week on WVIA-TV.

"We've had a good friendship," Judge Nealon said.

Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081119-YT-Holder-tried-infamous-corruption-case-1119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2008


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 7, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PARKING UNIT AIDE REPORTED CORRUPTION IN '82

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1579 words


A key official in the city's Parking Violations Bureau warned the Koch
administration in 1982 of corruption in the agency, four years before such
corruption was discovered independently by the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
according to senior investigators.

The allegations were not properly pursued by the city's Department of
Investigation, the officials said, and the department's handling of the case
lulled some city officials into believing that troubles at the parking bureau
were the result of managerial flaws rather than wrongdoing.

The 1982 warning is cited in a report Mayor Koch requested on whether the
Department of Investigation had failed to follow up signs of corruption at the
parking bureau before Federal prosecutors charged that a bribery ring was
operating there. The report is to be released Tuesday at City Hall.

Mr. Koch has maintained during the municipal scandal that there was no way he
could have known of corruption in the Parking Violations Bureau because not even
the many Federal and local investigative authorities, including the Department
of Investigation, knew about it.

Last spring, for example, the Mayor said: ''There are five D.A.'s; they didn't
know. Two U.S. Attorneys; they didn't know. And a City Comptroller and a State
Comptroller; they didn't know. And a Commissioner of the Department of
Investigation; he didn't know. How the hell do you expect me to know?''

Responding to the new disclosure, Mayor Koch said yesterday, ''If information
was provided to the Department of Investigation that should have been followed
up on, and it was not, that's a failure at D.O.I. and the decision-makers at
that agency will have to be held accountable.''

The head of the Department of Investigation is appointed by the Mayor. Stanley
Lupkin, who served as Commissioner of Investigation until April 15, 1982, and
Patrick W. McGinley, who succeeded him, each said last week he had never heard
about the 1982 allegations.

One law-enforcement official said the information had been handled by Mr.
McGinley's deputies, a normal procedure in an office that had to make decisions
on opening or ending 20 to 30 investigations a month.

The warning of corruption came from the former comptroller of the Parking
Violations Bureau, James Rose. Records of his long-forgotten interviews with
Investigation Department officials were rediscovered recently in city files and
are a major element of the report to be released Tuesday.

''The guy was right on the money,'' a senior law-enforcement official said of
Mr. Rose. ''He provided the basis for a criminal investigation that was never
done.''

Mr. Rose, who left the city government in 1982 to work for the Ford Foundation,
is now a financial manager in private industry. Efforts to reach him over the
last week were unavailing.

The report will detail other examples of tips or indications of corruption that
were not pursued by the Department of Investigation, according to officials
familiar with its findings.

The report was prepared by John S. Martin Jr., a former United States Attorney.

Mr. Rose is also likely to be a witness for the Government, according to senior
law-enforcement officials, in the Federal racketeering trial of former Parking
Violations Bureau officials and their political associates, including the Bronx
Democratic leader, Stanley M. Friedman. The trial is to start Sept. 22 in New
Haven.

The disclosure in January of a bribery ring operating at the Parking Violations
Bureau set off a municipal corruption scandal from which the Koch administration
is only now beginning to emerge. Throughout the scandal, Mr. Koch has stressed
that the wrongdoing in New York was uncovered only through luck on the part of
F.B.I. agents pursuing corruption in Chicago.

Allegations Not in Report

But most of what is now charged in the Federal indictment was foreshadowed by
Mr. Rose's testimony in 1982, a senior law-enforcement offical said.

Some of Mr. Rose's information was incorporated into a 1982 Investigation
Department report criticizing a specific parking bureau contract with a
collection agency. The report said the bureau could do the job more cheaply
itself. But the allegations of corruption were not mentioned in that report.

A former official of the Transportation Department said he had been aware of Mr.
Rose's allegations and of the fact that they had been turned over to the
Department of Investigation.

The official, who asked not to be named, said that because no prosecution
resulted and because no report was issued on the allegations, he had assumed
that the Investigation Department had concluded there was no corruption at the
parking bureau. This conclusion shaped the department's dealings with the
parking bureau afterward, he said.

''They were given an allegation of corruption and concluded that there was a
management problem,'' the official said.

Mr. Koch, in a statement provided by his press secretary, William Rauch, said:
''As Mayor, I have to rely on my commissioners, who are directly responsible for
their agencies. The Department of Investigation Commissioner reports to me on a
monthly basis both in writing and in person.

''If the Department of Investigation was given information that might have led
them to investigate problems at the P.V.B., I was never made aware of it.''

Soon after the corruption scandal broke in January, news reports quoted
officials who questioned whether the Department of Investigation had failed to
pursue indications of corruption that would have led city investigators to
wrongdoing much earlier.

Officer Urged Inquiry

Mr. Martin, who is now in private law practice, was appointed by Mayor Koch to
conduct a general inquiry into practices that might have resulted in corruption.
But this inquiry was dropped when Mr. Martin found that prosecutors were
reluctant to cooperate for fear of compromising their own criminal
investigations.

The Mayor, however, asked Mr. Martin to continue his inquiries on the specific
question of how the Department of Investigation had handled a police officer's
recommendation that there be an investigation of companies hired by the parking
bureau to collect overdue summonses.

The police officer's suspicions had been raised when he found that many rookie
police officers were listed as scofflaws even though they had paid overdue fines
to the collection agencies.

Mr. Martin had virtually completed his report last May. But just as he was
preparing to deliver it to the Mayor, the records of Mr. Rose's allegations were
discovered, according to Kenneth Conboy, the Commissioner of Investigation.

The records, including tape-recorded interviews with Mr. Rose, were discovered
in the files of the Department of Investigation during a search conducted at the
request of The New York Times, Mr. Conboy said.

With the agreement of Mr. Koch, the information was turned over to Mr. Martin,
who reopened his inquiry, Mr. Conboy said.

Rose Joined Bureau in '80

Officials refused to divulge the details of Mr. Martin's report. But the
elements of Mr. Rose's story were assembled over the last week in interviews
with a dozen law-enforcement officials and current and former city officials.

Mr. Rose, who is now 40 years old, had worked at the city's budget office and in
the Department of General Services before going to the Parking Violations
Bureau, a division of the Department of Transportation, in 1980.

In his position as comptroller, he oversaw contracts between the bureau and
private companies, such as collection agencies.

After resigning in February 1982, Mr. Rose told colleagues and superiors at the
Department of Transportation that he believed there were corrupt practices in
the assigning of contracts to collection agencies.

The Department of Transportation officials sent Mr. Rose to the Department of
Investigation, where he was interviewed three times.

Mr. Rose did not witness any payoffs, officials said. But they said Mr. Rose
described in detail how collection contracts were skewed against the city and
how he believed there was a corrupt relationship between the director of the
Parking Bureau, Lester N. Shafran, and a former transportation administrator,
Michael J. Lazar, who then represented a major collection agency, Datacom.

Shafran and Lazar Indicted

Both Mr. Shafran and Mr. Lazar have been indicted, along with Mr. Friedman, in
the Federal racketeering case on charges that they accepted or paid bribes to
influence contracts. They have each entered pleas of not guilty.

Mr. Rose worked directly with Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, the former deputy director
of the bureau, who earlier this year pleaded guilty to charges of taking bribes
to influence contracts and of sharing the money with others, including Donald R.
Manes, the Queens Borough President, who committed suicide in March after being
implicated in the scandal.

Mr. Rose's warnings were sounded during the spring of 1982, a time of transition
at the Department of Investigation. Mayor Koch's first Commissioner of
Investigation, Mr. Lupkin, stepped down on April 15, 1982, and was immediately
replaced by Mr. McGinley, a Criminal Court judge.

Mr. Lupkin said Friday that he had no recollection of Mr. Rose. ''It does not
ring a bell with me,'' he said. ''That's not to say it did not come in and I was
not aware.'' Mr. Lupkin said he would have known if an investigation had been
conducted and completed on such allegations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of John S. Martin Jr. (NYT)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           December 23, 2008 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Obama aides 'not linked' to scandal;
Chief of staff's chat with Governor just a 'courtesy call'

BYLINE: Ian Munro, New York

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 698 words


AN INVESTIGATION into the roles of President-elect Barack Obama's aides in
alleged corruption involving disgraced Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is
believed to have cleared Mr Obama's chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, of wrongdoing.

Blagojevich faces federal corruption charges that include an attempt to "sell"
Mr Obama's former Senate seat in return for campaign funds or a highly paid job.
Mr Obama resigned from the seat last month after winning the presidential
election.

Citing unnamed sources in the Obama team, American Broadcasting Company
journalist George Stephanopoulos said an internal report, expected to be
released this week, showed Mr Emanuel had one conversation with Blagojevich,
during which there was only passing reference to the Senate vacancy.

The results of the internal investigation, intended to reveal any contacts
between the Obama transition team and Blagojevich, has been withheld at the
request of the man prosecuting the Governor, US attorney Patrick Fitzgerald.

Mr Obama's political base of Chicago is notorious for corruption. Any perceived
link to the scandal threatens to tarnish his presidency.

Mr Stephanopoulos, who has strong Democratic credentials as a former adviser to
president Bill Clinton, said Mr Emanuel's sole conversation with the Governor
was described as a "pro forma" courtesy call. He said Mr Emanuel also had four
conversations with Blagojevich's chief of staff, John Harris, in which they
discussed candidates for the position, but no deal was struck.

Mr Emanuel - "Rahmbo" to some of his colleagues - did indicate Mr Obama's
support for his long-standing adviser, Chicago businesswoman Valerie Jarrett,
for the vacancy.

According to Mr Stephanopoulos, Mr Harris said if Ms Jarrett were appointed,
"all we get is appreciation, right?" He said Mr Emanuel replied: "Right".

Mr Harris has resigned amid the unfolding scandal, but Blagojevich maintains he
has done nothing wrong and is fighting impeachment hearings.

The appointment of Mr Emanuel, as aggressive and profane as Senator Obama is
calm and reflective, was seen as a master stroke. Had Mr Emanuel, a loyal
Chicagoan political attack dog, been implicated in any wrongdoing with the
elaborately coiffed, and equally foul-mouthed Blagojevich, Mr Obama would have
faced the loss of a valued and valuable aide and likely attempts to link him
directly to the scandal.

But Mr Obama has said he did not talk to Blagojevich about the vacancy and he
was certain none in his transitional office had any involvement in the
deal-making that has surrounded it. Last week, Mr Obama said it was "a little
frustrating" that he had been unable to release the internal report on the
scandal.

According to Mr Fitzgerald, Blagojevich sought to use his authority to appoint a
senator to his own advantage, suggesting several times that if he did not get
something of value he might take the Senate vacancy for himself.

"(The Senate seat) is a (expletive) valuable thing, you just don't give it away
for nothing," Blagojevich was recorded by federal investigators as saying.
Again, he was heard to say: "I've got this thing and it's (expletive) golden,
and, uh, I'm just not giving it up for (expletive) nothing ... I can always use
it. I can parachute me in there."

Also yesterday, Vice-President-elect Joe Biden revealed he would lead the new
administration's attempt to restore the country's heartland middle class.

Senator Biden said the Obama team's measure for economic success would be
whether the middle class was growing and no longer falling behind.

Tests for its wellbeing would include the affordability of college education and
access to after-school programs.

"Our charge is to look at existing and future policies across the board and use
a yardstick to measure how they are impacting the working and middle-class
families," Senator Biden said.

"Is the number of these families growing? Are they prospering? President-elect
Obama and I know the economic health of working families has eroded, and we
intend to turn that around."

KEY POINTS

Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is alleged to have tried to "sell" a Senate
seat.

US journalist George Stephanopoulos reveals that Rahm Emanuel is not involved.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Barack Obama, on holiday in Hawaii, stretches before a round of
golf near Kailua. PICTURE: AFP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Former speaker gets 12 years

BYLINE: Joseph Ax, Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Former New York State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, for decades one of the
state's most powerful politicians, was sentencedon Tuesday to 12 years in prison
for collecting millions of dollars in illegal kickbacks.

U.S. District Judge Valerie Caproni said at a hearing in Manhattan federal court
that she hoped the sentence would deter corruption among other politicians.

Silver, 72, had cast a shadow over whatever accomplishments he had as a lawmaker
by participating in corruption, Caproni said. "Here's the thing about corruption
: It makes the public very cynical," she said.

The judge also ordered Silver to pay a fine of $1.75 million and forfeit more
than $5 million in illgotten gains. The sentencing caps a stunning fall from
power for Silver, a Democrat who represented Manhattan's Lower East Side and
served as speaker of the state Assembly from 1994 to 2015.

Along with the state Senate majority leader and the governor, the Assembly
speaker was one of the "three men in a room" who control virtually all major
legislation in the state capital of Albany. Silver's counterpart in the state
Senate, the former majority leader Dean Skelos, was also found guilty of
corruption just 10 days after a jury convicted Silver of seven counts in
December.

Prosecutors said Silver awarded $500,000 in secret state grant money to a cancer
researcher who, in exchange, funnelled patients to Silver's law firm, allowing
the lawmaker to collect millions of dollars in referral fees. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Seth Wenig, Associated Press; Former New York Assembly speaker Sheldon
Silver has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for collecting millions of
dollars in kickbacks.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                             April 5, 2012 Thursday

PF Govt Exhibits Maturity Over RB Trip

LENGTH: 399 words


THE decision to allow former president Rupiah Banda to leave Zambia for his
international assignment in Boston United States of America (USA) brings honour
to President Michael Sata, the PF Government and Zambia.

The decision exhibits strong credentials to both for local and international
public regarding the depth of democracy because it reflects judicial
independence and a spirit of magnanimity dispelling the assertions made in the
recent past by some people that the fight against corruption led by President
Sata was selective, vindictive and retributive.

The decision further generates public confidence and credibility in the fight
against corruption as it is guided by the observance of fundamental tenets of
natural justice, reflected in the principle of presumption of innocence and the
right to be heard that demands a free and fair process of investigations and
prosecution.

It is gratifying that President Sata decided to go against the calls by some
concerned people in Zambia not to allow Mr Banda to leave the country until the
corruption cases against him were exhausted.

The stance taken by the Government is a clear testimony to the international
community that President Sata is leading a Government of laws, institutions and
not that of men.

Despite the evident corruption investigations surrounding the former president
Banda, and the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD), the honour generated by
the decision to respect the electoral verdict by the Zambian people which saw
the PF emerge victorious and the smooth handover of power can never be taken
away from Mr Banda.

Therefore, the gesture extended to the former president by the Boston University
is not just an honour to him, but also to Zambia, as such the former head of
state realise that he is a flag carrier for Zambia, and whilst abroad, he should
not act as a mouth piece for the MMD, by way of engaging himself in unfounded
reportage that would tarnish the international image of the PF Government and
Zambia at large.

Further, although political participation is a matter of personal right and
national duty, however, it is more advisable that former presidents and senior
political leaders did not remain in active national politics, so that in their
execution of important national and international assignments, they would do so
in a true spirit of statesmanship and ultimately gain respect above board.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: FBI Launches Anti-Public Corruption Campaign in Southern New Mexico

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Albuquerque Division experts responsible for public corruption
investigations have launched an educational and media campaign in southern New
Mexico this week.





 Similar to a public corruption outreach effort conducted in Albuquerque and
northern New Mexico in 2013, the message is simple: Call the FBI if you suspect
a government official is using his or her office for private gain, such as
taking bribes.



 "The FBI has zero tolerance for public corruption," said Derek Fuller, FBI
assistant special agent in charge for criminal matters. "No matter where you are
in New Mexico, urban or rural, if you think public corruption is going on, call
us, and we will look into it."



 In addition to taping an interview for Las Cruces cable channel CLC-TV 20, FBI
officials will give interviews to southern New Mexico media outlets as the first
part of an ongoing effort to publicize the FBI's anti-public corruption program.




 The FBI is working closely with its federal, state, local, and tribal partners
to combat public corruption at all levels of government. If a tip comes in to
the FBI about wrongdoing and it is determined the investigation could be better
handled by another agency, the information will be forwarded to that agency.



 The FBI Albuquerque Division's public corruption hotline is (505) 889-1580.
Leave a message, along with your name and phone number, and someone will get
back to you as soon as possible.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Online Edition

Thinking Right;
Change? No. Same old corruption.

BYLINE: JIM WOOTEN; Staff

LENGTH: 460 words


Wednesday, December 10, 2008, 07:56 AM

Here's the story, so unreal that it makes Saturday Night Live skits where
performers speak lines that the clueless then ascribe to the real people (Tina
Fey as Sarah Palin: "I can see Russia from my house.") seem to be reality.

In this spoof, an attractive politician from the ward politics of Chicago rises
to prominence promising to bring about real change --- in this case promising to
change the notoriously dirty politics that had sent the former governor, George
Ryan, to federal prison on corruption charges.

Rod Blagojevich, son-in-law of well-known Chicago Alderman Richard Mell, wins
the governorship. And now he, fully aware that the feds are investigating him on
suspicions of corruption, is caught on wiretaps, investigators say, scheming to
sell President-elect Barack Obama's vacant U.S. Senate seat for cash or
appointments that will position him for great wealth or --- get this --- to be
elected President of the United States in 2016.

Questions whirl. Underlying them all, though, is this: Why is it that some
cities and states develop and retain cultures of corruption in politics? Chicago
seems to be one of the worst. My guess is that group identity promotes loyalty
to politicians who then trade votes for patronage jobs and for services. Over
time, generations grow up believing that the way to get a pothole filled is to
call the politician rather than public works. The loyalty is not to the city or
to the public good, but to the neighborhood or to an ethnic group.

Georgia has for the most part escaped that kind of political corruption. Though
political machines came and went, there was never the underlying conditions for
corruption to take root and therefore permanence. Too, prosecutors and the
media, led by this newspaper, have been vigilant in policing the kind of
wrong-doing that gives birth to the corrupting of institutions --- vote-buying,
greed in public officials, abuse of prisoners and the like.

In systems drifting to corruption,prosecution or media exposure that wrong-doing
has occurred is dismissed by voters as an effort to single-out a popular
political figure unfairly --- think U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens of Alaska, who came
within a hair of winning reelection despite having been convicted of corrupting
his public office.

In systems that are reasonably free of institutionalized corruption,
whistleblowers step up and voters and prosecutors deal with the isolated abuses.

Illinois Governor Blagojevich was so audacious in what he's accused of doing
that the distant observer has to conclude that the state is hopelessly mired in
a culture of political corruption.

http://www.ajc.com/opinion/content/shared-blogs/ajc/thinkingright/entries/2008/1
2/10/change_no_same_old_corruption.html

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Congresswoman Corrine Brown And Chief Of Staff Charged With Fraud Scheme
Involving Bogus Non-Profit Scholarship Entity

LENGTH: 1203 words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Florida has issued
the following news release:



  Congresswoman Corrine Brown and her chief of staff were indicted today for
their roles in a conspiracy and fraud scheme involving a fraudulent education
charity.



 Brown, 69, of Jacksonville, Florida, and her chief of staff, Elias "Ronnie"
Simmons, 50, of Laurel, Maryland, were charged today in a 24-count indictment
with participating in a conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, multiple
counts of mail and wire fraud, concealing material facts on required financial
disclosure forms, theft of government property, obstruction of the due
administration of the internal revenue laws, and filing false tax returns.





 U.S. Attorney A. Lee Bentley III, Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell
of the Justice Department's Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge Michelle
Klimt of the FBI's Jacksonville Division, and Special Agent in Charge Kim Lappin
of the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) Tampa Field
Office made the announcement.



 "Our Office is committed to ferreting out and prosecuting all forms of
corruption and fraud, regardless of who the offender is," said U.S. Attorney
Bentley. "In our nation, no one is above the law."



 "Congresswoman Brown and her chief of staff are alleged to have used the
Congresswoman's official position to solicit over $800,000 in donations to a
supposed charitable organization, only to use that organization as a personal
slush fund," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  "Corruption erodes the
public's trust in our entire system of representative government.  One of the
department's most important responsibilites is to root out corruption at all
levels of government and to bring wrongdoers to justice."



 "Corrupt public officials undermine the integrity of our government and violate
the public's trust," said Michelle S. Klimt, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI
Jacksonville Division.  "That is why public corruption is the FBI's top criminal
priority.  It is incredibly disappointing that an elected official, who took an
oath year after year to serve others, would exploit the needs of children and
abuse the charitable hearts of constituents to advance her own personal and
political agendas and deliver them with virtually nothing."



 "The defendants are alleged to have committed a multitude of criminal
violations, including fraudulently receiving and using hundreds of thousands of
dollars in contributions meant for a nonprofit organization for their own
personal and professional benefit," said Richard Weber, Chief, IRS Criminal
Investigation. "The American public expects and deserves equitable enforcement
of our tax laws."



 The indictment alleges that between late 2012 and early 2016, Brown and Simmons
participated in a conspiracy and fraud scheme involving One Door for Education -
Amy Anderson Scholarship Fund (One Door) in which the defendants and others
acting on their behalf solicited more than $800,000 in charitable donations
based on false representations that the donations would be used for college
scholarships and school computer drives, among other things.  According to the
indictment, Brown and Simmons allegedly solicited donations from individuals and
corporate entities that Brown knew by virtue of her position in the U.S. House
of Representatives, many of whom the defendants led to believe that One Door was
a properly-registered 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, when, in fact, it was
not.



 Contrary to the defendants' representations, the indictment alleges that Brown,
Simmons and Carla Wiley, the president of One Door, among others, used the vast
majority of One Door donations for their personal and professional benefit,
including tens of thousands of dollars in cash deposits that Simmons made to
Brown's personal bank accounts.  In one instance, Simmons is alleged to have
deposited $2,100 in One Door funds into Brown's personal bank account the same
day that Brown wrote a check for a similar amount to pay taxes she owed.
Likewise, the indictment alleges that Brown and Simmons used the outside
consulting company of one of Brown's employees to funnel One Door funds to Brown
and others for their personal use.  According to the indictment, more than
$200,000 in One Door funds were used to pay for events hosted by Brown or held
in her honor, including a golf tournament in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida; lavish
receptions during an annual conference in Washington, D.C.; the use of a luxury
box during a concert in Washington, D.C.; and the use of a luxury box during an
NFL game in the Washington, D.C., area.



 Despite raising over $800,000 in donations, the indictment alleges that One
Door was associated with only two scholarships totaling $1,200 that were awarded
to students to cover expenses related to attending a college or university.



 Simmons is also charged with theft of government property based on the misuse
of his position as Brown's chief of staff to obtain congressional employment for
a close relative.  Between 2001 and early 2016, Simmons' relative allegedly
received approximately $735,000 in government salary payments despite performing
no known work for the U.S. House of Representatives.  The indictment alleges
that between 2009 and late 2015, Simmons diverted over $80,000 of his relative's
government salary for his personal benefit, including through transfers to his
personal bank accounts, payments on his personal credit cards and loan payments
on his boat.



 Simmons and Brown are also charged with failing to disclose, among other
things, the reportable income they received from One Door and the salary
payments that Simmons diverted from his relative's government employment on
required financial disclosure forms submitted to the U.S. House of
Representatives and made available to the general public.



 Brown is also charged with engaging in tax obstruction between 2008 and 2014
and, in certain years, filing false returns based on her repeated failure to
report income from substantial cash deposits to her personal bank accounts and
her repeated deduction of inflated and fabricated charitable donations.
According to the indictment, in various years, Brown claimed deductions on her
tax returns based on false donations she claimed she made to One Door, as well
as to local churches and non-profit organizations in the Jacksonville area.



 Wiley, the president of One Door, pleaded guilty for her involvement in the
scheme on March 3, 2016.



 The charges and allegations contained in an indictment are merely accusations.
The defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty.



 The FBI and IRS-CI are investigating the case.  Deputy Chief Eric G. Olshan of
the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section and Assistant U.S. Attorneys A.
Tysen Duva and Michael J. Coolican of the Middle District of Florida are
prosecuting the case.



 UPDATE: Brown and Simmons will make their initial appearances in Jacksonville
today before United States Magistrate Judge James R. Klindt at 1:00 p.m.
(Courtroom 5-D).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

Thirteen Current and Former Law Enforcement Officers and Two Others Indicted for
Their Alleged Participation in a Drug Trafficking Conspiracy

LENGTH: 705  words


Thirteen current and former law enforcement officers and two other individuals
have been indicted and arrested for allegedly protecting narcotics shipments and
cash proceeds during transit along the east coast for what they believed was a
large-scale drug trafficking organization that was actually an undercover
operation by the FBI.


Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Thomas G. Walker of the Eastern District of
North Carolina and Special Agent in Charge John A. Strong of the FBI's
Charlotte, North Carolina, Division made the announcement.
"Corruption in local government-especially involving law enforcement-threatens
the social compact that binds our communities together," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "When the officer with a gun and a badge is no different from
the trafficker peddling drugs in the street, we all suffer. That is why the
Criminal Division of the Department of Justice and our law enforcement partners
in North Carolina and throughout the country are determined to root out
corruption, wherever and in whatever form it may be found."
"The actions by these individuals are particularly troubling due to their
current and past affiliation with law enforcement," said U.S. Attorney Walker.
"Their alleged conduct was reprehensible and my office will not tolerate this
kind of corruption in our district. I am grateful for the outstanding work of
the FBI Special Agents who investigated this case."
"They vowed to protect and serve, but instead these deputies and correctional
officers sold their badges and used their law enforcement positions to line
their own pockets," said Special Agent in Charge Strong. "Public corruption at
any level is the number one criminal priority of the FBI and we will work
aggressively to protect the public trust."
The following individuals were indicted in the Eastern District of North
Carolina and arrested today in a coordinated operation by the FBI:
Lann Tjuan Clanton, 36, a correctional officer with the Virginia Department of
Corrections;
Ikeisha Jacobs, 32, a deputy with the Northampton County Sheriff's Office;
Jason Boone, 29, a deputy with the Northampton County Sheriff's Office;
Wardie Vincent Jr., 35, formerly of the Northampton County Sheriff's Office;
Adrienne Moody, 39, a correctional officer with the North Carolina Department of
Public Safety;
Cory Jackson, 43, formerly of the Northampton County Sheriff's Office;
Jimmy Pair Jr., 48, a deputy with the Northampton County Sheriff's Office;
Curtis Boone, 31, a deputy with the Northampton County Sheriff's Office;
Antonio Tillmon, 31, a police officer with the Windsor City Police Department;
Alaina Kamling, 27, a correctional officer with the North Carolina Department of
Public Safety;
Kavon Phillips, 25, a correctional officer with the North Carolina Department of
Public Safety;
Crystal Pierce, 31, of Raleigh, North Carolina;
Alphonso Ponton, 42, a correctional officer with the Virginia Department of
Corrections;
Thomas Jefferson Allen II, 37, a deputy with the Northampton County Sheriff's
Office; and
Tosha Dailey, 31, a 911 dispatch operator for Northampton County.
All 15 defendants are charged with conspiring to distribute controlled
substances and conspiring to use and carry firearms during and in relation to
drug trafficking offenses. Other charges against certain defendants include
attempted extortion, attempted possession with intent to distribute controlled
substances, money laundering, federal programs bribery and use and carry of
firearms during and in relation to crimes of violence and drug trafficking
offenses.
The charges contained in the indictment are merely accusations. The defendants
are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.
The case is being investigated by the FBI's Charlotte Division, Raleigh Resident
Agency and the North Carolina Department of Public Safety, with assistance from
the Halifax County Sheriff's Office. The case is being prosecuted by Trial
Attorneys Lauren Bell and Menaka Kalaskar of the Criminal Division's Public
Integrity Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Brian S. Meyers of the Eastern
District of North Carolina. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           January 12, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Nortel's new ethics chief is veteran corruption fighter

BYLINE: Richard Starnes, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 425  words


The woman appointed to develop a fresh approach to ethics and compliance at
Nortel Networks Corp. comes with a powerful background in fighting fraud and
corruption.

Lawyer Susan Shepard, 61, a member of the New York State Ethics Commission and
in private practice in New York, spent 10 years in corruption and narcotics
investigation in New York before heading a corruption control department for New
York City mayor John Dinkins in the early 1990s.

"He appointed me to investigate fraud and corruption by city employees, or where
the city was a victim of private individuals," Ms. Shepard said from her office
yesterday.

"I had a staff of 600 -- investigators, auditors and lawyers -- and we did two
things: We investigated fraud and corruption, and then we went into the agency
that had the problem and developed controls that would close the barn door so it
didn't happen again.

"You could investigate and then convict people, and you look up five years later
and you see the same problem again," she said. "The trouble is, when people
didn't fix things the same weaknesses were still there and really inviting the
corruption."

Ms. Shepard, who was recruited for the Nortel job and extensively interviewed by
Nortel chief executive Bill Owens, makes it quite clear she plans to use her
previous experiences when she takes up her new job on Feb. 21.

"We will be building a program that has both an internal control aspect to it
and a training and reporting aspect.

"Part of this is to create a corporate culture which is very sensitive to ethics
and doing things the right way. It involves training and it involves getting
employees to come forward when they think there are problems. And it involves
doing investigations and then coming into those problem areas as necessary and
developing controls."

Ms. Shepard does not intend to move to Canada, preferring to see what makes
sense.

"It is important to remember we are not just looking at Nortel in Canada or
Nortel in the U.S. or Nortel in Europe or Nortel in Asia. I have been assured I
will have the staff I need. How we set it up is not something I can say right
now because I don't yet know enough about the company.

"But I am certainly aware that you can't have everybody sitting at desks in
Canada when the company is all over the globe," she said. "You have to be more
hands-on than that."

Ms. Shepard's appointment was revealed in Nortel's extensive report on its
restated results for 2001 to 2003. Part of this report specifically addressed
the company's intentions for its future ethical standards.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

New York Senate Leader and Son Are Arrested on Federal Corruption Charges

BYLINE: By SUSANNE CRAIG; Thomas Kaplan and Benjamin Weiser contributed
reporting from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1166 words


ALBANY -- Dean G. Skelos, the leader of the New York State Senate, and his son
were arrested on Monday by federal authorities on extortion, fraud and bribe
solicitation charges, expanding the corruption investigation that has cast a
renewed spotlight on Albany's intractable corruption problem.

The charges against Senator Skelos, 67, and his son, Adam B. Skelos, 32, were
detailed in a six-count criminal complaint that quickly became mandatory reading
material in the Capitol building. Politicians and their staff members pored over
the 43-page complaint -- an often titillating document that included references
to burner phones, secretly taped conversations and strong-arm tactics that were
on display even during the wake of a slain police officer.

Senator Skelos, a Republican from Long Island, was accused of taking official
actions to benefit a small Arizona environmental company, AbTech Industries, and
a large New York developer, Glenwood Management, that had financial ties to
AbTech. Senator Skelos agreed to do so, according to the complaint, as long as
the companies paid his son.

The arrests came just months after federal bribery and kickback charges led
Assemblyman Sheldon Silver, a Democrat, to step down from his position as
speaker.

Mr. Skelos said on Monday that he was innocent of the charges against him, and
Senate Republicans on Monday night backed his decision to remain in his
leadership position. Still, the Senate corridors here were aflutter Monday with
whispers about possible successors.

Senator Skelos's arrest also raised the inevitable question of who federal
prosecutors might target next.

For more than a year now, Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the
Southern District of New York, which oversaw the cases against both Mr. Silver
and Mr. Skelos, has been waging a public campaign against corruption in Albany.
Mr. Bharara has criticized the capital's closed-door culture and its tradition
of how deals are often made by Albany's ''three men in a room,'' referring to
the governor, the Assembly speaker and the Senate majority leader.

In 2014, when Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo abruptly shut down a commission that he had
established to root out wrongdoing and bring reform to Albany, Mr. Bharara
started an investigation into the decision to disband the panel and publicly
asked whether the governor had ''bargained away'' corruption investigations as
part of a deal with lawmakers.

On Monday, Mr. Bharara, who has been criticized for grandstanding, restricted
his comments to Senator Skelos and his son.

''Dean Skelos's support for certain infrastructure projects and legislation was
often based not on what was good for his constituents or good for New York, but
rather on what was good for his son's bank account,'' Mr. Bharara said,
announcing the charges with Diego Rodriguez, the head of the New York office of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

In a brief court proceeding in Manhattan, a federal magistrate judge, Henry B.
Pitman, ordered both men released with certain conditions. Senator Skelos's
lawyer, G. Robert Gage Jr., told the judge, ''I can't imagine anyone having
deeper roots in the community'' than his client.

Outside court, Senator Skelos said that he would be exonerated.

''I know that I will be found not only not guilty but innocent,'' he said. ''I
have absolute confidence and respect for our judicial system here in the United
States of America, and utmost respect for our judges and our juries. And that's
why I will be found innocent and my son will,'' too, he said.

Adam Skelos's lawyer, Christopher P. Conniff, said, ''Adam Skelos is not guilty
of these charges and looks forward to fighting them in the courtroom.''

The case against Senator Skelos and his son grew out of a broad federal
investigation focused on the younger man's business dealings, some of which were
reported last month by The New York Times, including payments that AbTech made
to Adam Skelos over the course of several years.

AbTech sells spongelike filters to remove pollutants from storm water. The
complaint says that from late 2010 through 2012, Senator Skelos pressured
Glenwood to direct commissions to his son. The developer complied and arranged
for Adam Skelos to receive almost $200,000 from AbTech.

In 2013, when Nassau County was considering awarding AbTech a contract that the
senator was supporting behind the scenes, Adam Skelos told a cooperating witness
that his father believed his compensation should be increased, and that if it
was not, they would seek to block the contract. The county awarded the contract,
worth as much as $12 million, to AbTech. Adam Skelos's monthly installments
jumped to $10,000 from $4,000.

The complaint portrays Senator Skelos as eager to use his political influence to
generate income for his son, who has worked in recent years as a title insurance
salesman. For example, the senator repeatedly urged a senior Glenwood executive
to direct title insurance business to his son, according to the complaint. The
executive ended up arranging for a title insurance company to make a $20,000
payment to Adam Skelos, disguised as a commission, even though he did no work
for the money, the complaint says.

Adam Skelos made little secret of his father's efforts to help his business
interests. Frustrated that Nassau County was not acting promptly enough to pay
AbTech, Adam Skelos suggested his father would retaliate. ''I tell you this, the
state is not going to do a [expletive] thing for the county,'' he said on a
recorded phone call in December.

As for Senator Skelos, the complaint says that he promoted and voted for
legislation beneficial to Glenwood, and tried to secure changes to the state's
most recent budget that would have benefited AbTech.

It seems clear from another secretly recorded conversation cited in the
complaint that Adam Skelos's work with AbTech had little to do with his
environmental expertise. In the conversation, recorded in February by a senior
AbTech official after he began cooperating with investigators, Mr. Skelos
acknowledged that he became a consultant for the company even though he
''literally knew nothing about water or, you know, any of that stuff.''

The senior executive at Glenwood, who was deeply involved in the company's
political activities and campaign contributions, was also cooperating with
federal authorities, according to the complaint. Alan Levine, a lawyer for
Glenwood Management, declined to comment on the complaint.

A spokeswoman for AbTech, Lisa Linden, said the company ''is cooperating and
will continue to cooperate with federal authorities.''

Dean and Adam Skelos were each charged with two counts of extortion under the
color of official right and two counts of solicitation of bribes and gratuities,
with one count of each crime alleged in relation to Glenwood and one each in
relation to AbTech. Both men are also charged with conspiracy to commit
extortion and conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/05/nyregion/dean-skelos-new-york-senate-leader-an
d-son-are-arrested-on-corruption-charges.html

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Dean G. Skelos, a Long Island Republican, and his son, Adam B.
Skelos, arriving at court in Lower Manhattan on Monday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY EDUARDO
MUNOZ/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 521 words

CALIFORNIA

Former undersheriff guilty of corruption

The former second-in-command of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department was
convicted Wednesday in a corruption probe that also brought down his boss and
several underlings who tried to thwart a federal investigation into abuses in
the nation's largest jail system.

Ex-undersheriff Paul Tanaka was found guilty by a federal jury of obstruction of
justice and conspiracy to obstruct justice.

Tanaka helped orchestrate efforts to hide an inmate when they discovered that he
was an FBI informant, prosecutors said. Underlings were ordered to intimidate an
FBI agent in the case by threatening to have her arrested.

The corruption went all the way to the top of the department, and former sheriff
Lee Baca could face six months in jail when he's sentenced next month.

Tanaka could face up to 15 years in prison when sentenced on June 20. Tanaka
retired from the department in 2013 and ran unsuccessfully to replace his former
boss.

- Associated Press

OREGON

September trial set for Malheur occupiers

The federal judge overseeing Oregon's wildlife refuge standoff case scheduled a
September trial on Wednesday and reinforced her decision to send Ammon Bundy and
Ryan Bundy to Nevada next week for a court appearance.

U.S. District Judge Anna Brown made those decisions during a testy hearing in
which she repeatedly admonished attorneys for making repetitive points and
threatened to remove one of the defendants from the court.

The packed courtroom included 17 of the 27 defendants charged with taking over
the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge for 41 days this winter in a protest over
land policy. Attorneys for all the defendants were there, as well, and their
competing interests and schedules add to the complexity of the case the judge
must oversee.

Brown scheduled jury selection to begin Sept. 7, despite objections from several
attorneys who said that wasn't enough time to prepare and who wanted the trial
pushed back to 2017. Other attorneys supported the late summer date.

Also Wednesday, the judge upheld her decision to have the Bundy brothers and two
other defendants flown to Las Vegas next week for a court appearance and then
returned to Oregon within 10 days. The men face charges stemming from a 2014
standoff at Cliven Bundy's ranch near Bunkerville, Nev.

- Associated Press

CONNECTICUT

Newtown teacher accused of carrying gun

A middle school teacher in Newtown, Conn., the site of the deadliest school
shooting in U.S. history, was arrested on Wednesday and charged with bringing a
firearm into the town's middle school, police said.

The teacher, identified as Jason Adams, 46, was spotted carrying a concealed
weapon and detained by security at the Newtown Middle School, which called
police. Connecticut's state gun laws, among the strictest in the country,
prohibit possessing a gun on school property.

Adams, who was released to await trial, has been placed on administrative leave.

In December 2012, a 20-year-old gunman fatally shot 20 first-graders and six
educators at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, ending his rampage by
turning his gun on himself.

- Reuters

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          September 28, 1972, Thursday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 1

LENGTH: 78 words

NYC Police Comr P V Murphy on Sept 27 holds that despite some progress made in
combating police corruption, dept has still failed to fight police corruption
adequately, private session with aides; praises work of commanders in dealing
with crime; holds he does not feel that dept's 6 major commands are up to
standard in fighting corruption; officials attending meeting say Murphy
disclosed that they will be given 'new tool' for dealing with corruption; Murphy
illus

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

It's Phila-Dem-phia Scandals cost NYC party gala

BYLINE: Geoff Earle and Carl Campanile

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 473 words


WASHINGTON - New York lost its bid to host the 2016 Democratic presidential
convention after the state's odorous corruption scandals helped sink Mayor de
Blasio's dream of bringing the event to Brooklyn, sources said.

The Democratic National Committee opted instead for Philadelphia, a locale that
let the party trumpet the Liberty Bell and invoke the City of Brotherly Love -
free of worries that high-profile indictments or trials might soil its slick
messaging.

"You have all these corruption cases," said one Democratic Party official. "Do
we want trials breaking next year during the convention? How many more political
indictments are going to be coming up in New York?"

It didn't help that the blockbuster arrest of Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver
came up during the final weeks of the decision.

"Do we want Shelly Silver's trial coming up around the time of the convention?
Corruption was a real issue. God knows who will get indicted next," said the
official.

De Blasio pulled out all the stops to win the convention, even though it was a
long shot. The mayor was up against former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell, a
seasoned pol who had overseen a Democratic convention as head of the DNC and
brought a successful Republican convention to Philadelphia while serving as its
mayor.

Underlining the decision is what would be good for front-runner Hillary Rodham
Clinton, whose father was born in Scranton and who pummeled Barack Obama in the
2008 primary in hardscrabble Pennsylvania counties.

Rendell told The Post a Clinton speech with Independence Hall as a backdrop
would be "awfully good."

"Our slogan is 'Philadelphia 2016, let's make history again' - which is a veiled
reference to Hillary," he said.

Rendell said President Obama had a representative in on the decision but mostly
left it up to the committee.

DNC chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.), a New York native, denied that
corruption scandals played a role.

"I want to make it very clear that the only three factors that we [considered]
when deciding what was the strongest city to host our convention were logistics,
security and resources. Extraneous issues were not a factor whatsoever," she
told reporters on a conference call.

Other factors hurt New York, like having a party running on a message of
economic equality while delegates jostled for party invites in a city that's the
center of global capitalism.

"I get they're going to need Wall Street money to pay for this thing. But do you
want to have it in the donor's back yard?" a Democratic source asked.

Sources were less persuaded that the high tensions between the NYPD and the
mayor's office were a major factor - though the standoff served as a reminder of
the intensity of the glare of the New York media spotlight and may have dampened
the enthusiasm of donors.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nomi-nay: Dems picked the Liberty Bell over the Barclays Center for
their 2016 convention partly over recent NY scandals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

California Supreme Court set to release opinion on San Bernardino County s
Colonies corruption case on Monday

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


The California Supreme Court is set to release its opinion on San Bernardino
County s Colonies corruption case at 10 a.m. Monday, according to the court s
website.

The issue: Can an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe?

The high court s decision will likely have asignificant impact on the trajectory
of the corruption case involving the county s $102 million legal settlement with
Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in
November 2006.

State and local prosecutors allege the landmark legal settlement was tainted by
bribery, extortion and blackmail.

Burum and three former San Bernardino County officials   former Supervisor Paul
Biane, former Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk,
former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, were indicted in May 2011 and
charged with multiple felonies, including bribery, criminal conspiracy and tax
evasion.

But a San Bernardino Superior Court judge dismissed five of the seven felony
charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts, three months after the
indictment. Judge Brian McCarville also dismissed one felony count of
misappropriation of public funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

The state Attorney General s Office, which has partnered with the San Bernardino
County District Attorney s Office in prosecuting the case, petitioned the state
Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec. 10, 2012, and the high court agreed,
hearing oral arguments on Nov. 5.

Each of the four defendants, all of whom deny any wrongdoing, are accused of
accepting $100,000 bribes from Burum in exchange for voting in favor of the
settlement or influencing the outcome of the vote in Colonies  favor.

Under a plea agreement with prosecutors, former Board of Supervisors Chairman
Bill Postmus, who along with Biane and Ovitt voted in favor of the Colonies
settlement, pleaded guilty to taking a bribe from Burum in exchange for his
vote. He has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for
leniency.

The settlement ended nearly five years of heated legal battle over a disputed
flood control basin on a 434-acre residential and commercial development in
Upland bankrolled by Colonies Partners.

Before the settlement, two trial court judges issued tentative rulings in
Colonies  favor and another validated the settlement after it was approved.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, said Friday he had no idea which way the state
Supreme Court was leaning, and wouldn t know for sure until 10 a.m. Monday when
the opinion is released.

It s impossible to predict because there are so many possible permutations,
Larson said.  Regardless of what the decision is, we look forward to returning
to the trial court and resolving this case.

Pretrial proceedings will resume in San Bernardino Superior Court on Jan. 10 in
the courtroom of Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

California Supreme Court set to release opinion on San Bernardino County s
Colonies corruption case on Monday

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


The California Supreme Court is set to release its opinion on San Bernardino
County s Colonies corruption case at 10 a.m. Monday, according to the court s
website.

The issue: Can an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe?

The high court s decision will likely have asignificant impact on the trajectory
of the corruption case involving the county s $102 million legal settlement with
Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in
November 2006.

State and local prosecutors allege the landmark legal settlement was tainted by
bribery, extortion and blackmail.

Burum and three former San Bernardino County officials   former Supervisor Paul
Biane, former Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk,
former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, were indicted in May 2011 and
charged with multiple felonies, including bribery, criminal conspiracy and tax
evasion.

But a San Bernardino Superior Court judge dismissed five of the seven felony
charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts, three months after the
indictment. Judge Brian McCarville also dismissed one felony count of
misappropriation of public funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

The state Attorney General s Office, which has partnered with the San Bernardino
County District Attorney s Office in prosecuting the case, petitioned the state
Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec. 10, 2012, and the high court agreed,
hearing oral arguments on Nov. 5.

Each of the four defendants, all of whom deny any wrongdoing, are accused of
accepting $100,000 bribes from Burum in exchange for voting in favor of the
settlement or influencing the outcome of the vote in Colonies  favor.

Under a plea agreement with prosecutors, former Board of Supervisors Chairman
Bill Postmus, who along with Biane and Ovitt voted in favor of the Colonies
settlement, pleaded guilty to taking a bribe from Burum in exchange for his
vote. He has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for
leniency.

The settlement ended nearly five years of heated legal battle over a disputed
flood control basin on a 434-acre residential and commercial development in
Upland bankrolled by Colonies Partners.

Before the settlement, two trial court judges issued tentative rulings in
Colonies  favor and another validated the settlement after it was approved.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, said Friday he had no idea which way the state
Supreme Court was leaning, and wouldn t know for sure until 10 a.m. Monday when
the opinion is released.

It s impossible to predict because there are so many possible permutations,
Larson said.  Regardless of what the decision is, we look forward to returning
to the trial court and resolving this case.

Pretrial proceedings will resume in San Bernardino Superior Court on Jan. 10 in
the courtroom of Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

California Supreme Court set to release opinion on San Bernardino County s
Colonies corruption case on Monday

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


The California Supreme Court is set to release its opinion on San Bernardino
County s Colonies corruption case at 10 a.m. Monday, according to the court s
website.

The issue: Can an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe?

The high court s decision will likely have asignificant impact on the trajectory
of the corruption case involving the county s $102 million legal settlement with
Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in
November 2006.

State and local prosecutors allege the landmark legal settlement was tainted by
bribery, extortion and blackmail.

Burum and three former San Bernardino County officials   former Supervisor Paul
Biane, former Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk,
former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, were indicted in May 2011 and
charged with multiple felonies, including bribery, criminal conspiracy and tax
evasion.

But a San Bernardino Superior Court judge dismissed five of the seven felony
charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts, three months after the
indictment. Judge Brian McCarville also dismissed one felony count of
misappropriation of public funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

The state Attorney General s Office, which has partnered with the San Bernardino
County District Attorney s Office in prosecuting the case, petitioned the state
Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec. 10, 2012, and the high court agreed,
hearing oral arguments on Nov. 5.

Each of the four defendants, all of whom deny any wrongdoing, are accused of
accepting $100,000 bribes from Burum in exchange for voting in favor of the
settlement or influencing the outcome of the vote in Colonies  favor.

Under a plea agreement with prosecutors, former Board of Supervisors Chairman
Bill Postmus, who along with Biane and Ovitt voted in favor of the Colonies
settlement, pleaded guilty to taking a bribe from Burum in exchange for his
vote. He has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for
leniency.

The settlement ended nearly five years of heated legal battle over a disputed
flood control basin on a 434-acre residential and commercial development in
Upland bankrolled by Colonies Partners.

Before the settlement, two trial court judges issued tentative rulings in
Colonies  favor and another validated the settlement after it was approved.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, said Friday he had no idea which way the state
Supreme Court was leaning, and wouldn t know for sure until 10 a.m. Monday when
the opinion is released.

It s impossible to predict because there are so many possible permutations,
Larson said.  Regardless of what the decision is, we look forward to returning
to the trial court and resolving this case.

Pretrial proceedings will resume in San Bernardino Superior Court on Jan. 10 in
the courtroom of Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Ochocinco to ride bull in rodeo

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 269 words


RODEO » Chad Ochocinco now is going to try bull riding. The Cincinnati Bengals
receiver, who earlier this year had a tryout with Sporting Kansas City of Major
League Soccer, has accepted a challenge from Professional Bull Riders chief
operating officer Sean Gleason to ride a bull at the LucasOil Invitational this
weekend in Duluth, Ga. Ochocinco will earn $10,000 if he rides a bull. If he can
stay aboard for the required eight seconds, the PBR will give Ochocinco a new
Ford F-150 and allow him to rename the bull.

» Eight-time All-Pro guard Alan Faneca announced his retirement after 13 seasons
in the NFL. The former Pittsburgh Steelers and New York Jets standout played
last season with the Arizona Cardinals.



FIFA faces new corruption claims

soccer » The sport's governing body was hit with new corruption allegations
Tuesday when six FIFA executive committee members were accused of receiving or
demanding bribes during bidding for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups. Issa Hayatou
of Cameroon and Jacques Anouma of the Ivory Coast were allegedly paid $1.5
million to vote for Qatar, according to evidence submitted to a British
parliamentary inquiry by The Sunday Times newspaper. The Gulf nation beat the
United States in the final round of voting in December for the 2022 tournament.

Additionally, a British official accused four executive committee members of
"improper and unethical" behavior during competition for the 2018 tournament,
which was awarded to Russia.

» Major League Soccer's title game will be played Nov. 20 at The Home Depot
Center in Carson, Calif., the league announced Tuesday.

From wire report

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 27, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

BLAIR LEE 3D, 69; EX-MARYLAND AIDE

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 44, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: SILVER SPRING, Md., Oct. 26


Former Lieut. Gov. Blair Lee 3d, who served as Acting Governor of Maryland after
Gov. Marvin Mandel was indicted on corruption charges in 1977, has died at his
home in this suburb of Washington, his son said today. Mr. Lee was 69 years old.

The son, Blair Lee 4th, said his father died Friday of lung cancer.

The same Federal investigation that sent Mr. Mandel to prison on racketeering
and other charges forced Vice President Agnew to resign on Oct. 10, 1973, when
he pleaded no contest to charges of tax evasion on illegal payments made to him
by contractors in Maryland while he was Governor.

The long-running Federal inquiry also exposed corruption by several other
Maryland politicians and private citizens, and for many years made the state a
symbol of political corruption.

Mr. Lee, whose reputation for integrity was never in question, said when he took
over as head of the state government: ''As far as I'm concerned, that is over.
There's not going to be any more.''

Ancestral Roots in Virginia

Mr. Lee, an old-line aristocrat whose ancestral roots go back to colonial
Virginia, was promoted by Mr. Mandel from the Maryland office of Secretary of
State in 1970 to fill the newly revived lieutenant governorship, and was
re-elected in 1974.

His ancestors included Richard Henry Lee and Francis Lightfoot Lee, both signers
of the Declaration of Independence; Zachary Taylor, Robert E. Lee and Montgomery
Blair, Lincoln's Postmaster General.

Mr. Lee was born in Silver Spring on May 19, 1916, and was graduated from
Princeton in 1938.

He was elected to the House of Delegates in 1954, to the State Senate in 1966
and to Secretary of State in 1968.

He made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination to the United States
Senate in 1962, and was upset by Harry R. Hughes in the Democratic primary for
the governorship in 1978.

Mr. Mandel, whose conviction was overturned by an appeals court because of
errors in the trial, reclaimed the Governor's office for two days in early 1979,
before Mr. Lee was succeeded by Mr. Hughes and retired from public life.

Mr. Lee is survived by his wife, Mimi, the daughter of a Danish diplomat; two
brothers, seven children and six grandchildren.

Memorial services will be held Tuesday at the Grace Episcopal Church in Silver
Spring. Burial services will be private.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OBITUARY

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 7, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

ANTICORRUPTION AIDE QUITS ONONDAGA POST TO HELP HIS SUCCESSOR

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: SYRACUSE, Jan. 6


Deputy Attorney General Peter D. Andreoli announced his resignation today as
special prosecutor in charge of investigating political corruption in Onondaga
County.

Mr. Andreoli said he was leaving because he wanted to let those involved in the
cases still pending to begin dealing with his successor-designate, John F.
O'Mara of Elmira, rather than waiting until March 31, when the Federal funds for
Mr. Andreoli's operations run out.

''I asked to be relieved a bit short of that,'' Mr. Andreoli said.  He declined
to discuss his plans, other than to say they included a long vacation.

Mr. Andreoli said he would urge State Attorney General Robert Abrams to
institute inquiries into possible political wrongdoing ''on a statewide basis,
to remove this corruption wherever it exists.''

''And the same thing is happening elsewhere,'' Mr. Andreoli said, citing recent
allegations of political corruption in Nassau and Suffolk Counties. ''It should
be wiped out wherever it exists.''

Campaign Solicitation

In a four-year investigation, Mr. Andreoli, a Democrat, found evidence of
widespread illegal solicitation of political campaign money, principally by
county Republican leaders.

He encountered heavy opposition from local Republican officials.  Three years
ago, they persuaded the Legislature to halt the state's allocations for the
inquiry, saying that Governor Carey, also a Democrat, had appointed Mr. Andreoli
to embarrass political officials in Onondaga.

The investigation continued, but with grants from the Federal Law Enforcement
Assistance Administration. Those funds are running out.  Mr. O'Mara, a
Republican, was named as Mr. Andreoli's successor over the weekend by Mr.
Abrams. In a letter to Mr. Andreoli last week, Mr. Abrams said that the
''integrity and independence of the investigation will be preserved,'' perhaps
with direct financing from his office.

Some political observers here say that Mr. O'Mara's Republican affiliation may
inspire the Legislature once again to provide funds for the inquiry. However,
the Senate majority leader, Warren M.  Anderson, Republican of Binghamton, said
yesterday that the choice of a Republican would not make the Legislature change
its mind.

Fourteen of the cases developed by Mr. Andreoli and his staff are still pending,
including a felony conspiracy charge against County Executive John H. Mulroy.

The special grand jury under Mr. Andreoli's direction handed up 39 indictments
that have led to the convictions of 18 persons.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Prosecutors weighing a McDonnell retrial ask appeals court for more time

BYLINE: Rachel Weiner;Matt Zapotosky

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 668 words


Federal prosecutors have asked for three more weeks to decide whether they will
pursue the public corruption case against former Virginia governor Robert F.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, saying in a court filing that Justice
Department officials are still debating how to proceed.

Friday's filing asks the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit to keep both
cases on hold until Sept. 19,   adding that it will be the last request for any
delay. It offers no indication of how prosecutors may be leaning.

This summer, the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously overturned the former governor's
corruption conviction  and set a higher bar for charging public officials with
such corruption crimes, but it did so in a way that left open the possibility
that McDonnell could be tried again. The high court ruled unanimously that the
instructions given to jurors in McDonnell's case about what constituted an
"official act" were flawed and said that a lower court should consider whether
the former governor's case could be brought under the new definition it laid
out.

Federal prosecutors then asked for time to weigh whether they would continue to
press such charges. As well as considering whether prosecutors could win,
Justice Department officials are likely debating whether to bring a case, given
the resources another trial would consume.

"There are likely many stakeholders weighing in, such as the U.S. Attornety's
Office and different offices within Main Justice," said Justin Shur, former
deputy chief of the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section.

An attorney for McDonnell declined to comment.

The court's decision has already begun having an effect on other political
corruption cases. A judge ruled this week that ex-New York Assembly speaker
Sheldon Silver can remain free on bail while appealing his conviction and
12-year prison sentence. U.S. District Judge Valerie E. Caproni said it was a
"close question" whether Silver's conviction would stand in light of the
McDonnell ruling.

"This case has already had a number of ramifications with respect to other
public-corruption cases," said Brian Whisler, a former assistant U.S. attorney
who represents former McDonnell staffers and cabinet members who were called to
testify in the case. "Perhaps DOJ is reviewing this matter from a broader policy
standpoint rather than solely the merits of this isolated case."

Prosecutors had previously sought - and won - a month to review the Supreme
Court's decision. This new request is also likely to be granted within a few
days, given that McDonnell's defense team has agreed to the motion.

The McDonnells were convicted of taking more than $175,000 in loans and gifts in
exchange for helping Richmond business executive Jonnie R. Williams Sr. promote
a dietary supplement.

The McDonnells arranged to connect Williams with state officials, let him throw
a luncheon at the governor's mansion to help launch the product and shape the
guest list at a mansion reception meant for health-care leaders, jurors found.
But the Supreme Court ruled that such behavior was merely constituent service.

While all the gift-taking looked "tawdry," Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr.
wrote, "conscientious public officials arrange meetings for constituents,
contact other officials on their behalf, and include them in events all the
time."

To bring a new case, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of
Virginia must convince the federal appeals court that it can prove an illegal
quid-pro-quo relationship between the McDonnells and Williams inside the more
restrictive definition the court laid out.

Legal experts say Maureen McDonnell's fate is tied to that of her husband.
Although the Supreme Court did not address her conviction, they were tried under
the same jury instructions, and her case is currently on hold. If her husband is
tried again, she likely will be, as well. If prosecutors drop the case against
her husband, they will follow suit with her.

rachel.weiner@washpost.com

matt.zapotosky@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 7, 2012 Friday

Potential conflict of interest keeps Briones case in New Mexico, Chilo Madrid
asks for dismissal

BYLINE: Marty Schladen, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1267 words


Sept. 07--To avoid a possible conflict of interest, federal law enforcement
handed three El Paso public corruption cases to New Mexico prosecutors,
prompting a call on Thursday to dismiss one indictment and possibly sparking
protests from federal prosecutors based in Texas.

Court documents filed Wednesday show that the U.S. Justice Department at first
moved corruption cases against former County Judge Dolores Briones, Cirilo
"Chilo" Madrid and Ruben "Sonny" Garcia to the U.S. Attorney's Office in New
Mexico and then moved those against Madrid and Garcia back to El Paso.

Now Madrid, who is scheduled to go on trial Oct. 1, is trying to find out why
his case was handed back and forth between federal prosecutors -- a move that
one expert said was unusual.

Madrid also asked on Thursday that his indictment be dismissed on a matter
related to the initial appointment of New Mexico prosecutors in his case. He
said the assistant U.S. attorney from New Mexico who signed his indictment was
never properly appointed to handle Madrid's case in Texas.

Madrid is due in court at 2 p.m. today, but it's unclear whether U.S. District
Judge Frank Montalvo will take up his most recent motions during the hearing.

Potential conflicts of interest appear to have prompted decisions by Associate

Deputy Attorney General David Margolis to shuttle cases between the offices.
Emailed questions about the possible conflict to Justice Department headquarters
in Washington, D.C., and to U.S. attorney's offices in San Antonio and
Albuquerque were not answered Thursday.

Briones is the sister of Senior U.S. District Judge David Briones, who hears
cases in the same courthouse as Montalvo.

It would be a potential conflict for David Briones to hear cases from U.S.
prosecutors in the Western District of Texas while they had an active case
against his sister -- even if it was in a different court -- said Peter J.
Henning, a law professor at Wayne State University who writes the White Collar
Watch column for The New York Times. Before that, Henning worked in the Criminal
Division of the U.S. Justice Department.

"You would never want to put the judge in a bad position," he said.

Dolores Briones pleaded guilty last December to her role in a scheme in which
she accepted $24,000 in bribes from LKG Enterprises Inc., a company owned by
Garcia, in exchange for her support of a $600,000-a-year contract between LKG
and the Border Children's Mental Health Collaborative, an entity overseen by the
county.

Garcia pleaded

guilty in July in a separate proceeding. He faces up to five years in prison,
and he and his company each could have to repay $550,000 -- the amount the
company which was paid in 2005 and 2006 and for which the company didn't provide
services.

Madrid, an associate of Garcia and longtime CEO of El Paso nonprofit Aliviane
Inc., was charged in the same indictment as Garcia. He is accused of receiving
$100,000 to produce a 20-page report, passages of which he admitted in a 2010
deposition that he plagiarized from the Internet.

Madrid's attorney, Leon Schydlower, could not be reached Thursday.

But in his court filings Schydlower cites case law and passages in the United
States attorney's manual to argue that to disqualify an entire U.S. attorney's
office from handling a case is exceedingly rare. He is asking Montalvo to force
the Justice Department to turn over all documents related to the decision so the
judge can read them and determine whether any must be turned over to Madrid.

"There exist facts then, unknown to (Schydlower) or Mr. Madrid, that generate a
disqualification and recusal scenario extraordinarily egregious," Schydlower
wrote of the decisions to disqualify the West Texas prosecutors in the cases of
Briones, Garcia and Madrid and then to reappoint them to handle Garcia's and
Madrid's cases.

In a motion filed Thursday, Madrid is asking that his entire indictment be
dismissed because Steve Yarbrough, First Assistant U.S. Attorney for New Mexico,
signed the document without being properly appointed to handle the case in the
Western District of Texas.

Documents prosecutors did hand over to Madrid say the New Mexico U.S. attorney
is responsible for decisions about Dolores Briones, both in the LKG scheme and
in the Access HealthSource scandal.

In the Access case, 11 officials were indicted in 2010 on charges that they
fraudulently steered more than $100 million in employee health-insurance
business from El Paso County and the El Paso, Ysleta and Socorro school
districts. Of the 11 charged in the Access indictment, 10 have pleaded guilty.

Federal authorities in New Mexico apparently decided not to charge Dolores
Briones in the Access case. They made the decision even though Debra Kanof, a
federal prosecutor in West Texas, has said that Dolores Briones admitted taking
bribes from Access officials and appointed Larry Medina to an open seat on the
County Commissioners Court because he also had pledged to support Access.

Medina has pleaded guilty. Despite having an apparently lesser role in the
conspiracy than Dolores Briones, he faces up to 20 years in prison when he's
sentenced Feb. 20.

In the LKG case, Dolores Briones faces the same five-year maximum sentence as
Garcia. But judging from an appeal for support written in July by a friend, she
appears to have signed a nonbinding plea agreement under which she would receive
probation.

Henning and another federal-sentencing expert have said that Dolores Briones
appears to have gotten unusually generous treatment from federal prosecutors in
New Mexico.

Madrid's court filings say it appears that prosecutors in the Western District
of Texas were dissatisfied with the Justice Department's decision to move all
LKG-related cases to the U.S. attorney for the District of New Mexico.

"Apparently, (the Western District of Texas) appealed the Department of
Justice's decision to recuse it, and (the Western District of Texas) sought and
was granted a rescission of 'the recusal of the United States Attorney's Office
of the Western District of Texas from the investigation and prosecution of
Dolores Briones, Cirilo "Chilo" Madrid, Sonny Garcia and LKG Enterprises Inc.,'
" the pleading filed by Madrid on Wednesday says.

It also says prosecutors waited until the case was well under way to tell Madrid
that the Justice Department had ever determined it might have a conflict in
Madrid's case.

"The United States never disclosed that the Department of Justice had previously
determined that (the Western District of Texas) had an actual or potential
conflict of interest in this case until July 31, 2012, only two months before
the trial of this matter," the document says.

Documents released by prosecutors don't say when the Justice Department decided
to move Madrid and Garcia's case back to the West Texas prosecutor's office.

Henning said the Justice Department probably moved investigation and prosecution
of all three cases to New Mexico out of an abundance of caution. Officials might
then have determined that due to Dolores Briones' guilty plea -- which happened
just days before Madrid and Garcia were indicted -- it would be OK to move the
remaining cases back to West Texas, where prosecutors were closer to the scene
of the alleged crime.

"The Department of Justice is trying to be careful," Henning said, noting some
recent debacles involving high-profile defendants. "They can't risk another
disaster."

Marty Schladen may be reached at mschladen@elpasotimes.com; 546-6127.

___ (c)2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120907-EY-Potential-conflict-of-interest-keeps-Briones-case-in-New-Mexico-Chil
o-Madrid-20120907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 8, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

On My Mind;
Who's in Charge Here?

BYLINE: By A. M. ROSENTHAL

SECTION: Section A; Page 35; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 728 words


Corruption oozes out of New York City's Police Department again. This time it is
corruption plus head-smashing -- cops marauding through tenements, hunting drugs
to snatch and sell.

Who's responsible around here?

The Mayor appoints his own commission. It calls top cops who might have had some
hint, heard some little whisper, of what was going on.

"Not me," says one cop. "I never knew a thing." You could see right away that
was a little much to expect of the former chief of inspection services.

"Whaaa?" says another cop. Here too you could understand. The fellow was chief
of the internal affairs bureau. Yes, it is supposed to keep the department
clean. But most of his 180 or so investigators were busy on other internal
crises. Some had to make sure cops on beats were not doing things like wearing
white socks.

Well then, straight to the top we go. Call the police commissioners.

"Didn't hear a thing," says former Commissioner Ben Ward. Some time ago he
suggested that commissioners might be held accountable for their watch. He had
retired by then. So he mentioned, as an example, the then-current Commissioner.

That man now lives in Washington. The President appointed him to rescue the
nation from drugs. That was after he had spent a restful few days as his cops
watched rioters tear up Crown Heights. Lee Brown will or won't testify; not a
vital matter, all agree.

The present Commissioner steps right up. Ray Kelly is square-jawed and
straight-talking. Without pulling punches, he lets the commission and its
members have his opinion of them: wonderful, just wonderful.

What's more, he has a plan to fix things. From now on he will let a few
outsiders monitor the corruption picture, as long as they don't actually
investigate anything themselves. That must be left to the department; otherwise
morale would be shot to hell.

"Commendable!" cries one member of the commission. The chairman is more
generous. Mr. Kelly, he says, is already well on his way to combating corruption
effectively.

But wait a minute, wait a minute. Isn't anybody going to call all past mayors,
and the incumbent, to ask them if they tried to keep track of corruption
themselves, and what they learned? After all, they did appoint the commissioners
who knew nothing who appointed all the chiefs who knew nothing. Mayors might
know something helpful.

The sorrowful thing is that it is true, as the brass keeps saying, that the
corrupt cops are only a few rotten apples in a barrel of 31,000 officers. But
there they lie, through commissioner after commissioner, stinking up the barrel
and the city.

The situation has never been more serious -- not because there is more
corruption but because New York so desperately needs a strong, efficient police
force, for survival's sake.

Police corruption brings brutality with it -- steal and smash-your-face go
together in cop criminals as in any other kind. Rousting corruption has to
become the civic job of police supporters, not just left to cop-baiters, or even
only to civil liberties groups.

To start, Commissioner Kelly's plan for "monitors" is not good enough. Quietly,
top police have virtually demolished the system of command accountability
installed after the big corruption investigation in the 70's. (See Barbara
Gelb's "Varnished Brass," published in 1983.) The department has to earn back
public confidence in its own top ranks.

Until then, monitors must have the power to appoint their own investigators, not
for every offense, but when they smell a real scandal.

Future mayors of New York should accept moral and political responsibility for
how things go in the department. With an election coming, Mayor David Dinkins
and his Republican-Liberal opponent, Rudolph Giuliani, should tell us how they
will carry out that responsibility. If there is another corruption commission,
Mayor Whoever should not appoint its members -- just testify.

New Yorkers who want a stronger police presence to help bring back our streets
should understand that supporting independent anti-corruption machinery,
restoring the accountability of top officers and expecting mayoral
responsibility will not hurt the force.

Truth is, it will help good cops, the whole barrel full of them. It can give
them something they need almost as much as a gun at their hip -- the respect of
the people they protect.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Mercury News editorial: Steinberg must release calendars of Yee, Calderon

BYLINE: Mercury News Editorial

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Editorials

LENGTH: 468 words


Is this really the way state Senate President Pro Tempore Darrell Steinberg
wants to be remembered? As a Senate leader more concerned about shielding his
colleagues from public scrutiny than serving all Californians?

If not, Steinberg, D-Sacramento, had better rethink the Senate's refusal to turn
over portions of the appointment calendars of two indicted and suspended state
senators. The Bay Area News Group and its Los Angeles counterpart had to file
suit Thursday to obtain the information for the public.

Under Steinberg, the Senate has done little to boost the public's confidence in
its integrity in the wake of federal corruption indictments of Sen. Ron
Calderon, D-Montebello, and Sen. Leland Yee, D-San Francisco. (A third member,
Sen. Rod Wright, D-Inglewood, has been suspended from his seat upon his
conviction for living outside the district he represents.)

Now the Senate Rules Committee, under Steinberg's direction, has rejected a
public records request from the Los Angeles News Group -- sister papers to the
Bay Area News Group -- seeking calendar entries for Calderon that would show
with whom he met on specific dates outlined in an FBI affidavit. Calderon has
been indicted on 24 counts that include public corruption, mail and wire fraud,
bribery and money laundering.

Secretary of the Senate Gregory Schmidt also rejected four recent requests from
the Bay Area News Group for calendar entries for Yee, who faces federal charges
of public corruption, weapons trafficking and racketeering.

The written refusals to produce calendar records in both cases cite "concerns
regarding legislative privilege, security, and the integrity of an ongoing
criminal investigation ... ."

"Legislative privilege" is bogus. That would mean legislators can't perform
their "deliberative process" without hiding the names of people with whom they
hold meetings. It's a preposterous conceit for any lawmaker, essentially
claiming that legislators best serve their constituents by meeting in secret
with special interests -- or perhaps, in these cases, mutual interest in
criminal acts.

Unfortunately, legislators have cover in the form of a 1991 court ruling, Times
Mirror Co. vs. Superior Court, in which the court blocked a request for five
years' worth of the governor's calendars. But the ruling distinguishes between
that sort of blanket request and the kind of focused requests in this case. Gov.
Jerry Brown and many other politicians provide their calendars for public
inspection, as any public servant should.

But the arguments here are not just legal. The integrity and legitimacy of the
state Legislature are at stake.

Steinberg can salvage some of the Senate's reputation, if he decides to put the
rights of the people above the secrecy that disgraced legislators, for obvious
reasons, hope to maintain.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 24, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Ehrlich Ad Draws Ire of Townsend Camp;
Democrats Decry Use of 'Corruption,' Hint at Missteps in Republican's Past

BYLINE: Craig Whitlock, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 595 words


Lt. Gov. Kathleen Kennedy Townsend's campaign angrily struck back at an ad that
links her to "corruption" in Annapolis, suggesting that her Republican rival,
Rep. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr., cast votes in the State House that may have
constituted a conflict of interest.

Townsend's aides said they were steamed at a television commercial that began
airing Friday that criticized her for not doing more to fix "the mess in
Annapolis, [where] corruption, budget deficits and traffic jams are a way of
life." Although the commercial did not accuse the Democrat of being corrupt
herself, her spokesman, Peter Hamm, called it "shameful and disgusting."

"If he's going to use the word corruption in a television ad, it begs the
question about what he's talking about because this is not a word that one uses
lightly," Hamm said, calling on Ehrlich's campaign to yank the 30-second spot.
"She is very proud of her record of public service and her honesty and
integrity."

Townsend's camp responded by raising two votes that Ehrlich cast in 1987 while a
member of the House of Delegates. Ehrlich voted against bills benefiting
relatives of people who died from asbestos-related illness and other workplace
causes, while he was working for a Baltimore law firm that represented asbestos
manufacturers.

Hamm questioned whether the votes amounted to a conflict of interest for
Ehrlich, but stopped short of calling Ehrlich's votes unethical. "It's certainly
fishy," he said.

Ehrlich defended the television commercial and deflected questions about his
votes on asbestos, saying: "Give me a break. That was 15 years ago. I think I
cut a class at Princeton, too."

In a telephone interview, Ehrlich called the anti-Townsend ad fair and cited
several "scandals" that he said occurred during her eight years in office,
including two ongoing federal criminal investigations of a crime-control office
overseen by Townsend and the state pension board.

"This culture of corruption in Annapolis is an issue in the campaign," he said.
"They're squealing big-time about it, but it's an issue."

Ehrlich also referred to comments made by the state's chief federal judge, who
declared in 2000 that Annapolis harbors "a culture of corruption created and
tolerated by legislators and lobbyists."

The votes raised by the Townsend campaign came in 1987, when Ehrlich was one of
only three members of the House of Delegates who voted against a bill that gave
survivors of people who died from workplace-related injuries or sickness more
time to file lawsuits against asbestos manufacturers and employers.

He also was one of five delegates who opposed a similar bill that increased the
statute of limitations for filing a wrongful death claim involving occupational
illness.

At the time, Ehrlich was a member of a Baltimore law firm that represented
asbestos manufacturers and other corporations facing liability concerns from
asbestos, a carcinogen once widely used as a building material and insulator.
Ehrlich has said he was directly involved in only one asbestos-related case
during his eight years in the General Assembly.

Ehrlich's ties to asbestos companies became an issue in 1994 when he ran for
Congress and won the first of his four terms. His opponent, Democrat Gerry
Brewster, criticized Ehrlich for having a conflict of interest by voting on an
issue that affected his law firm.

Ehrlich spokesman Paul E. Schurick dismissed the asbestos issue as old news.
"It's a meaningless charge," he said. "No one, including the Townsend campaign,
is suggesting any ethical question with that."

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post

                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC McGaughey Chris

SECTION: 2,B; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 500 words


Infantino: FIFA s  crisis is over

MEXICO CITY   FIFA s corruption crisis was declared to be over by President
Gianni Infantino on Friday as the scandal-battered governing body broke new
ground by appointing its first female and first non-European secretary general.

Senegalese United Nations official Fatma Samoura has no experience working in
sports, but Infantino hopes she can help FIFA improve its image and regain its
credibility after far-reaching corruption, bribery, and financial crimes by
executives.  Nobody can change the past but I can shape the future,  Infantino
told his first FIFA Congress as president since succeeding the banned Sepp
Blatter.  FIFA is back on track. So I can officially inform you here, the crisis
is over.

Samoura is set to replace Jerome Valcke, who was fired by FIFA and banned from
soccer for 12 years over a ticketing and TV rights scandal as well as expenses
abuses.

NHL

Lightning lose goalie to leg injury

PITTSBURGH   The opening minutes of Game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals
between the Pittsburgh Penguins and Tampa Bay Lightning featured scary moments
for both teams.

Pittsburgh defenseman Kris Letang left briefly early in the first period after
getting hit illegally from behind by Tampa Bay s Ryan Callahan. Later, Tampa Bay
goaltender Ben Bishop exited with an apparent left leg injury and was replaced
by backup Andrei Vasilevskiy.

Callahan earned a 5-minute major penalty after crunching Letang in the corner by
the Pittsburgh net. Letang made it off the ice under his own power and returned
later in the period.

Bishop, a Vezina Trophy finalist, was attempting to move from the side of the
net back in front during a scramble and appeared to wrench his left leg. He left
the ice on a stretcher.

College Football

ACC adds replay-review center

AMELIA ISLAND, Fla.   The Atlantic Coast Conference is expanding its replay
review system for football to include a review center at the league office to
work with on-site officials this fall.

In a news release Thursday at the conclusion of its annual spring meetings, the
ACC says the  collaborative  system will be used for league games and
nonconference home games for league teams. That includes Notre Dame, an ACC
member in all league sports except football that plays an average of five ACC
schools annually. The ACC has allowed coaches and replay officials to challenge
rulings for review at the venue. Now, replay officials at the ACC s existing
gameday operations center in Greensboro, N.C., will participate in discussions
with the on-site referee and replay official through the existing headset
communication system.

Dennis Hennigan, ACC coordinator of football officiating, will oversee staffing
for the review center. Ted Jackson, assistant coordinator for instant replay,
will be part of the review team in Greensboro each week.

This is another step in enhancing the quality of instant replay within college
football,  ACC commissioner John Swofford said in a statement.

The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 723  words


Dear Mr. Berko: I bought 100 shares of VimpelCom at $10 in early 2014, and
almost two years later, it's $4.25. I was told that VimpelCom's fall in price
was related to management's buying favors from government officials. I figured
that this is a foreign company and that I shouldn't be surprised. It happens
with corporations in Russia, Mexico and South America but seldom in the United
States. My pastor, who thinks I'm naive, says, "The sins of greed and bribery
hold hands with all executives in the corporate world, especially in the U.S." I
find it hard to believe about Americans. American executives earn generous
salaries and bonuses and give large sums of money to charities. Their names are
in the public eye, so how could this possibly be true? - JT, Durham, N.C.

Dear JT: I should send this letter to Annie's Mailbox, where you could find a
better-qualified answer to your naive question. You're in la-la land with a
serious reality problem, probably exacerbated by your smoking joints over the
past several dozen years. It's hard to believe that you find this hard to
believe. But because another reader recently asked about VimpelCom, I'll answer
the question.

In "All the King's Men," Robert Penn Warren wrote, "Man is conceived in sin and
born in corruption and he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of
the shroud." If you can't accept this Calvinistic theology, please read the
morning paper or watch the evening news. Congress is a glittering example of
corruption, as are the legislatures in our 50 states. Observe the consuming
avarice of Wall Street, the naked cupidity of America's banks and the grasping
greed of corporate America. Americans are masters at this. Corruption and
bribery may seem worse in Russia, Malaysia, Nicaragua and Mexico, but they're
not. Americans are more sophisticated at graft and paying kickbacks and bribes.
America has more lawyers per capita than any country except Greece to smooth the
process. We have about 1.3 million lawyers, which is one lawyer for every 245 of
us. France only has 46,000 lawyers, which is one lawyer for every 1,435
citizens. Los Angeles alone has more than that - 54,000 lawyers.

News of a bribery scandal involving VimpelCom (VIP-$4.20) broke in February
2014. I'm not surprised that Gulnara Karimova, the lovely daughter of the
president of Uzbekistan, is accused of accepting huge payments from several
telecom companies looking to secure wireless licenses and related advantages in
Uzbekistan. Law enforcement officials say Karimova was caught with her fingers
in the chak chak jar, being the "bag person" for her daddy, President Islam
Karimov, who's smooth as licorice.

I recommended Vimpel, which rhymes with simple, two years ago at $10, not
knowing that European authorities and our Justice Department were investigating
corporate bribes. VIP's management is accused of paying hundreds of millions of
dollars to Karimova for favors to be secured from Uzbekistan. Now U.S.
authorities are seeking to seize billions in assets in their probe of VIP and
TeliaSonera, the dominant mobile company in Sweden. Unfortunately, there are not
enough lawyers in Sweden or Uzbekistan to ensure that bribery transactions flow
smoothly. Still, those alleged payments to Karimova pale in comparison with
payments made to members of Congress by foreign nationals, influential citizens
and lobbyists, all seeking influence. And those payments pale in comparison with
payments made by Union Carbide, Wal-Mart, Johnson & Johnson, Ralph Lauren,
Deere, News Corp., GlaxoSmithKline, Hewlett-Packard, Avon Products, Koch
Industries et al. (the list is quite long), all of which were seeking special
treatment. How do you think the executives at the above companies and those at
Bank of New York Mellon, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Merrill
Lynch, HSBC, Citigroup, General Motors, Quicken Loans et al. were able to stay
out of prison? The answer is: their lawyers.

Meanwhile, consider owning another 100 shares. This $15 billion-revenue company
trades at 10 times expected 2016 earnings, and Merrill Lynch recently put a
"buy" recommendation on VIP. The consensus on the Street suggests a high target
price of $10 in 18 months.

Please address your financial questions to Malcolm Berko, P.O. Box 8303, Largo,
Fla. 33775, or email him at mjberko@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Investigate mayor, two council members

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 1275 words


Your Feb. 25 editorial, "In Wellington, ethics have been put out to pasture,"
helped describe the corruption-infested government we have in Wellington. There
needs to be an investigation of Mayor Bob Margolis and council members Matt
Willhite and John Greene.

These three ran as a slate in Wellington's election last March. They cynically
claimed that they would clean up (nonexistent) corruption. Instead, they
introduced corruption on a broad scale.

Your editorial points out just a few disturbing items. Mr. Greene has taken
vacations in the Hamptons and lived with Neil Hirsch who, as your editorial
points out, has material interests in votes of the village council. Mr. Hirsch
and Victoria McCullough, who has sued the village, are now Mr. Greene's
employers. And Mr. Greene won't divulge such basic information as where he lives
and works until he is forced to.

Mayor Margolis and Councilor Willhite have solicited cash contributions for
so-called "legal defense funds." Expenditures from these funds are unaccounted
for and can be for personal expenses. And let's not forget, as documented by The
Post, that all three were supported by $600,000 from the Jacobs family, which
wants to dismantle the equestrian industry. The Jacobses' goal? They don't want
the public coming around. They want their own private club, not an industry that
attracts spectators and creates jobs and tax revenue.

Unfortunately, new Palm Beach County State Attorney David Aronberg actively
supported this trio during the Wellington election, so action likely will be
needed from the feds or from Tallahassee. Let's hope the corruption stops before
permanent damage is done.

FREDRIC DOBBS

Wellington

Marlins owner didn't make case

Miami Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria's open letter last Sunday to South Florida's
Marlins fans insinuates good faith on the part of the Marlins' ownership in
conducting its recent fire sale, but the team's actions, or lack thereof, betray
Mr. Loria's words.

I have no problem with the Marlins unloading the bloated contracts they shed
this past winter. It is clear that money could be better spent. But spending is
the key.

If Mr. Loria and his crew are truly committed to putting a competitive and
watchable team on the field, why didn't they take at least a portion of all
those dollars they saved and sign at least one or two free agents who could
provide the same level of performance as the underperforming stars who were
jettisoned yet at a fraction of the price, while simultaneously serving as
valuable mentors for the "prospects" who will be filling out the rest of the
lineup this year?

For Mr. Loria's "plan" to be credible, there needs to be some type of financial
investment in players the fans can believe give the Marlins a legitimate chance
to compete. Mr. Loria has done nothing with his windfall but pocket it while
asking the Marlins fans to trust him. Without some showing of good faith on his
part, why would we?

JERRY McKIM

Palm Beach Gardens

Public needs ally

on gas prices

The Post editorialized last Monday about the need to rein in oil speculators to
control rapidly rising gasoline prices. Each penny increase in the price of gas
takes $1 billion out of the economy annually. Thus the 45-cent price increase
The Post reported means $45 billion that is unavailable for expenditure on other
goods and services.

There is no basis for the rapid increase in gas prices; there is no shortage of
oil and gas. The editorial correctly suggested one immediate solution. There are
additional, more long-term, solutions.

The public requires an ombudsman to intervene to help reverse rising gas prices
and avoid further damaging the economy. Where are our politicians when they need
them? I am tired of listening to the inane, self-serving comments of politicians
and industry spokespersons on the subject of the economy. I have a Talmudic and
somewhat cynical response to that urgent question: What is the difference
between lobbying and bribery?

Nothing will be done until the public rises up and demands substantive changes
in our political system, especially taking the money out of the elections. In
our politically polarized society, there is no leadership and the needs and
demands of the people are going unheeded.

SHELDON F. GOTTLIEB

Boynton Beach

Column right; find 'Snake Dundee'

Regarding "Florida needs 'Snake Dundee' to boost python catch" on Feb. 24 by
Frank Cerabino: Thanks for another interesting article.

This python situation has yet to bloom to full maturity. With each snake able to
lay 1,000 eggs, we will be under siege in a few short years. Now is the time to
get a handle on at least controlling if not nearly eradicating these deadly
former pets now turned pests.

Just like the mountain lions in Los Angeles, when these snakes head for
developments near the Everglades, pets, children and even adults will be fair
game. If Ruben Ramirez is such an expert at finding these snakes, the state or
federal government should pay him to train wildlife officers.

LEE-JOHN SOBERING

Greenacres

Thanks to FPL for

helping manatees

It was with delight that I read the coverage regarding the warm water spigot
that the Florida Power & Light Co. plant turns on when the temperatures drop to
accommodate our native sea cows.

Regardless of how you feel about the power giant, you can't help but smile when
you read of this lovely gesture. FPL, the manatees and I thank you.

JULIE LOCKHART

Juno Beach

'Diet police' should advocate, not rule

Having read with fascination Susan Salisbury's well-written "Consumer watchdog
wants sugar limits for soft drinks," I am left to wonder how my generation ever
made it through our '50s-era childhoods without the watchful eyes of the federal
government and county health departments there to protect us from the evils of
sugar and soda.

Although I agree that overconsumption is epidemic in current culture, two
aspects of Ms. Salisbury's article trouble me: use of a "typical 20-ounce soda"
to illustrate the sugar/high-fructose corn sweetener problem and the general
theme of the article that it is the government's business to mandate the "safe
levels" of sweeteners in beverages.

Regarding the first issue, much of the problem is due to the size of the sodas
offered nowadays. The '50s-era Coke was 6.5 ounces. We live in over-the-top
times when everything has to be bigger and bigger, to justify higher and higher
prices.

The second issue is more troubling. I am OK with the government recommending
what people should eat or drink. I am not OK with government legislating what
people should eat or drink. And, although I think nutritionists such as Susan
Joyce Proctor are a tad wild-eyed to label soda "an abomination," I am glad she
seems to accept the premise that "government can't really limit the choices that
people make." Likewise, I am OK with health department "campaigns" to encourage
healthy lifestyles among children.

The unanswered question is whether the "diet police" intend to continue their
advocacy at the recommendation level or advance to the compulsion level. If this
is their ultimate aim, and I fear it probably is, I hope they crash and burn.

GARY M. CRIST

Palm Beach Gardens

Feds should focus on economy only

What I want to know is why we need so much sugar cane polluting the Everglades?
Further, why does government have to spend time and money to regulate
sweeteners? Don't we know sweeteners have only empty calories? Fix the economy
and lay off everything else.

KATHY HICKOK

Delray Beach

Sally Swartz at pbpost.com/go/opinionzone:

Mining company files a lawsuit in an attempt to silence former Martin County
Commissioner Maggy Hurchalla.

For more commentary, visit palmbeachpost.com/opinion

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  June 6, 2000, Tuesday, Today's News Edition

Fulton Commissioner Hightower to resign his seat, plead guilty

BYLINE: Sandra Eckstein, Ann Hardie, Staff

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 533 words

Fulton Commissioner Michael Hightower said today he will resign so he can take
responsibility for actions that made him a target in a federal public corruption
investigation.

Just hours before he was scheduled to plead guilty in federal court to a single
charge of public corruption, Hightower told his supporters of his plans at an
airport hotel.

"Today is not about Michael's plans. It's about me moving on and not leaving the
people I care about high and dry," Hightower said. "I need to wrap up some loose
ends so I can start a new life. I need to step up and take responsibility for my
actions.

"Short term is to deal with the matters at hand, seek forgiveness and take
responsibility," he said.

Larry Thompson, a former U.S. attorney who is representing Hightower, declined
to comment on the plea, but when asked about the investigation said the
commissioner is cooperating with federal authorities.

Local businessman George Greene also is expected to plead guilty Thursday to
bribing Hightower with cash for his support for Sable Communications Company of
Georgia Inc., a company founded by Greene that has been awarded nearly $ 12
million in county contracts.

"I can confirm that we intend to enter a guilty plea to (an accusation) charging
Mr. Greene with making corrupt payments to Mr. Hightower and that we have and
will continue to cooperate with the government's investigation as it unfolds,"
said Buddy Parker, a former federal prosecutor who is Greene's attorney.

Parker declined to disclose the nature of the government's investigation. He
also declined to comment on whether the goverment is targeting other public
officials in its investigation, which has been going on for months.

Both Hightower and Greene are cooperating in the hopes of receiving lesser
sentences. They are waiving their right to have a grand jury consider whether
there is enough evidence for indictments.

The courtroom appearances expected this week are part of an ongoing probe by
federal investigators into Fulton County contracts.

Contracts about which federal authorities have asked questions include two
multimillion-dollar projects in 1998 and 1999. One contract was to upgrade the
county's computers to ensure they were Y2K-compliant. Another is an ambitious
project to link the computers of various departments of the county's justice
system.

The two projects totalled $ 35 million and were awarded to Hitachi Data Systems,
based in Santa Clara, Calif.

Sable Communications, which was paid $ 11.5 million by the county for its work
on the two projects, was the largest minority sub-contractor on both jobs. To
ensure minority participation, the county required at the time that 35 percent
of its contracts be awarded to African-American, Hispanic, Native American,
Asian and female-owned firms.

Parker said Greene has resigned from Sable, where he was president. "Sable is a
very legitimate business providing quality service in accordance with the terms
of its contracts," Parker said. "It has a number of employees and is continuing
in its operation."

Hightower acknowledged being questioned April 5 by the FBI, but has declined to
say what he was questioned about.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Michael Hightower said he needs "to step up and take responsibility for my
actions."
Graphic
KEY FIGURES
A months-long federal public corruption case plays out in court this week.
> Michael Hightower
 Four-term Fulton County commissioner representing portions of southwest Atlanta
and south and
west Fulton. College Park city council member 1979- 1985.
Represented by former U.S. attorney Larry Thompson.

> George Greene
Founder of Sable Communications, which was awarded Fulton County Y2K computer
contract. Represented by former federal prosecutor Buddy Parker.

 > U.S. District Judge Richard Story will hear the case.

THE INVESTIGATION
 > Mitch Skandalakis
FBI agents have asked questions about the former Fulton County Commission
chairman (1993-1998) and Republican candidate for lieutenant governor (1998).

> Josh Kenyon
Federal agents have also asked questions about the chief of staff to Fulton
County Commission chairmen Skandalakis and Mike Kenn.
> Fulton County Information Technology Director John Rowan says he has been
questioned by the FBI.

/ ROB SMOAK / Staff
 Photo
Michael Hightower
Photo
Mitch Skandalakis
Photo
Josh Kenyon

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution

                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 30, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'20 years and it's not over,' Serpico says

BYLINE: Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 377 words


Frank Serpico, the cop who helped bring New York City police corruption to light
22 years ago, says new hearings into dirty dealings show "greed is the order of
the day."

"It's 20 years and it's not over yet," Serpico said in a telephone interview
Wednesday.

"You cannot have corruption in any police department or law enforcement agency
unless you have it at the top."

Serpico has kept a low profile since his story was made into a book and then a
1973 movie, both titled Serpico.

He keeps an apartment in Brooklyn where he grew up, but he spends much of his
time at a cabin in the New York countryside.

Former officer David Durk, who also testified before the Knapp Commission in
1971, continues to push for a clean police force.

But Serpico, 57, says he prefers to stay out of it, live simply and focus on
self-healing and nutrition. Nevertheless, he says he has phoned Internal Affairs
investigator Sgt. Joseph Trimboli - who testified before the Mollen Commission
Tuesday - to offer him support. Serpico says he started laughing when Trimboli
told him how top brass thwarted efforts to pursue corrupt cops.

"I have to laugh. It's the same thing," he says. "Rather than face the truth,
they'd rather discredit someone who shows signs of integrity and the courage to
talk about it."

After Serpico was shot in the head during a 1971 narcotics raid, he says he
heard a "mighty voice" telling him "it's all a lie."

He says he has been searching for the truth for the last 20 years.

Stories at the time implied he was a marked man.

He spent the rest of the decade in Europe. Serpico says he was just frustrated
with the system and looking for something better: "I found they're all the same.

"I'm working on self-change. I've done a lot of research on alternative healing.
People would rather have a triple bypass than give up the garbage they're
eating," he says.

Serpico doesn't lecture, but does work with others on nutritional issues.

He says he is not paid for this help, although he sometimes barters for things.

A 1981 paternity suit cost him part of his police pension. He gets $ 340 a
month.

He says he has no regrets, but "my heart goes out to Joe Trimboli, because he
knows . . . he's going to be left holding the bag."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Jim Wells, AP (1971)

See related story; 01A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 10, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Strong Police Monitor Will Reassure the Public

SECTION: Section A;  Page 28;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 223 words


To the Editor:

Although the independent police monitor is now the law in New York City, it is
clear that Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani intends to continue his battle with the
City Council over this issue (news article, Feb. 1).

The critical and decisive question in this debate over the powers of the police
monitor is whether corruption is systemic in the New York Police Department. If
so, we need a powerful and truly independent agency to investigate police
corruption. If corruption is only sporadic, then maybe the Mayor's concept of a
monitor without investigative or subpoena powers is reasonable.

However, recent events like the 75th Precinct scandal, the 30th Precinct ("Dirty
30") scandal, and now the 48th Precinct corruption problems would probably lead
most citizens to opt for the powerful police monitor with full investigative and
subpoena powers.

Such a monitor would be a powerful deterrent not only to corrupt activities by
cops, but also to political cover-ups. It would not replace Internal Affairs or
do its job, but make sure Internal Affairs did its work properly. Most
important, a strong monitor would improve the public's perception of the
integrity of police officers.

MICHAEL J. GORMAN
Whitestone, Queens, Feb. 2, 1995
The writer is a lieutenant and lawyer in the New York Police Department.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 3, 2010 Wednesday

SCHNEIDERMAN KOS DONOVAN IN AG RACE

BYLINE: LACHLAN CARTWRIGHT and CARL CAMPANILE

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 692 words


Democratic state Sen. Eric Schneiderman last night beat back attacks tarring him
as a symbol of Albany corruption to handily defeat Republican Dan Donovan for
state attorney general.

Schneiderman garnered 55 percent of the vote to Donovan's 44, with 60 percent of
the precincts reporting.

"This was a campaign of activism, and boy, did we show what activists can do!"
Schneiderman told cheering supporters at the Sheraton New York in Midtown.

Donovan, Staten Island's DA, sought to paint Schneiderman as a soft-on-crime
liberal who was in cahoots with the corrupt Senate Democratic leadership.

He argued that it would be impossible for Schneiderman to probe corruption in
the state Legislature given his ties to Albany pols - citing the Aqueduct casino
bid-rigging scandal.

Schneiderman has said he had nothing to do with that project.

Donovan also cited Schneiderman's votes against anti-terror bills, and slammed
Schneiderman for saying he would create a "special annex" for Al Sharpton's
House of Justice. Schneiderman said he meant that he would address civil-rights
issues.

For his part, Schneiderman tried to paint Donovan as too far to the right,
noting the Republican's opposition to abortion rights. He also charged that
Donovan would go easy on the financial industry, pointing to the candidate's
comments that he wouldn't be the "sheriff of Wall Street."

He added that Donovan did not tackle government corruption as Staten Island's
DA.

Politically, Schneiderman caught a break during the campaign.

Because Donovan was investigating the leader of the Independence Party, he
steered clear of seeking the party's endorsement. The Independence Party then
turned around and endorsed Schneiderman.

That nod gave Schneiderman three lines: Democratic, Working Families and
Independence. Donovan ran on two ballot lines: Republican and Conservative.

Schneiderman also benefited from running with gubernatorial candidate Andrew
Cuomo at the top of the ticket. He campaigned alongside Cuomo - who won his own
race by a landslide - during the campaign's final days.

By comparison, Donovan distanced himself from GOP gubernatorial candidate Carl
Paladino and never endorsed him. He even criticized some of Paladino's offensive
comments about minorities and gays.

Schneiderman also raised more campaign funds than Donovan, and had the backing
of potent labor unions.

Asked what made the difference in the race, a Donovan strategist said, "Partly
Indy line, partly Paladino, partly labor's field operations for Schneiderman."

Still, Donovan had some powerful backers, including Mayor Bloomberg, Ed Koch and
Rudy Giuliani.

---

How New York voted

Governor - Democrat Andrew Cuomo cruised to an easy victory over Carl Paladino,
trouncing the upstate Republican by 25 percentage points - 60 to 36 - with
twothirds of the returns in.

State Senate - The fate of the Democrats' 2-year-old control of the
Legislature's other house remained in doubt because of several races that were
still undecided.

State Assembly - Democrats retained control of the Assembly, but could lose
their veto-proof majority.

US House - Republicans picked up at least five House seats in New York,
including one held by Rep. Michael McMahon (D-SI/Brooklyn), who was beaten by
Michael Grimm.

Comptroller - In what had been expected to be a close race, Democratic incumbent
Thomas DiNapoli (left) led GOP challenger Harry Wilson, 50.1-46.8, with 94
percent of the vote counted.

Attorney General - Democrat Eric Schneiderman (left) beat Republican Dan
Donovan, 55-44, for the post vacated by Cuomo, with 60 percent of the vote
counted.

US Senate - Democrat Chuck Schumer secured his third term, trouncing the GOP's
Jay Townsend, 65-33, while fellow incumbent Kirsten Gillibrand was defeating
Republican Joseph DioGuardi, 62-36, for the two remaining years of Hillary
Clinton's unexpired term, with 48 percent of the returns counted.

Term limits - State Senate - In a landslide, New York City residents approved a
measure to amend the Charter and again limit local officeholders to two terms
rather than three. The vote was 74 percent to 26 percent, with 42 percent
counted.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANOTHER TERM: Sen. Chuck Schumer exults last night after easily winning
his third term. Despite the victory, Schumer lost a shot at becoming Senate
majority leader after Harry Reid won in Nevada. [Reuters]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Supreme Court refuses to hear Blagojevich appeal

BYLINE:  Associated press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 492 words


CHICAGO - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday dashed one of Rod Blagojevich's last
hopes to reduce his 14-year prison sentence by refusing to hear the former
Illinois governor's appeal of his remaining corruption convictions, including
his attempt to sell an appointment to the vacant Senate seat once occupied by
President Barack Obama.

In so doing, the justices let stand a July ruling by the 7th U.S. Circuit Court
of Appeals in Chicago that the Democrat crossed the line when he sought money -
usually campaign cash - in exchange for naming someone to fill Obama's seat. The
justices did not explain their decision.

The lower court had handed Blagojevich, 59, a largely symbolic victory by
tossing five of 18 convictions and said he should be resentenced on 13 remaining
counts. No resentencing date has been set, but it may happen this year. In the
ruling, the 7th Circuit said that even with the dropped counts factored in,
Blagojevich's 14-year sentence may still be fair.

The former governor's wife, Patti Blagojevich, said in a written statement
Monday that she and the couple's two children were "incredibly disappointed."

"This was, of course, not the outcome that Rod, our daughters Amy and Annie, had
hoped and prayed for," she said. "But we continue to have faith in the system
and an unshakable love for Rod. We long for the day that he will be back home
with us."

Blagojevich attorney Leonard Goodman said that there's an outside chance the
high court might consider a new request to hear Blagojevich's appeal after
resentencing. He said that's because one argument prosecutors made against the
appeal being heard was that resentencing and other legal steps need to play out
before the court should entertain the possibility of taking on the case.

"So we could consider going back to the Supreme Court again," Goodman said.

The U.S. attorney's office in Chicago declined any comment.

Blagojevich, who is in his fourth year at a federal prison in Colorado,
proclaimed his innocence after his 2008 arrest, including on TV talk shows and
as a contestant on "Celebrity Apprentice" when it still starred now-presidential
candidate Donald Trump. Blagojevich argued that he had merely been participating
in legal, run-of-the-mill politicking.

The request for the Supreme Court to consider Blagojevich's appeal was a long
shot. The high court hears only around 80 cases a year out of more than 10,000
requests and typically accepts cases that raise weighty and divisive legal
issues.

In their 83-page petition asking the Supreme Court to hear the appeal, defense
attorneys argued that the line between the legal and illegal trading of
political favors was blurred, potentially making elected officials everywhere
subject to prosecution for cutting political deals.

In its July ruling, the 7th Circuit said Blagojevich broke the law when he
sought money for naming someone to Obama's seat. But it tossed counts linked to
him asking for a Cabinet seat for himself.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE - In this Dec. 7, 2011 file photo, former Illinois Gov. Rod
Blagojevich, left, speaks to reporters as his wife, Patti, listens at the
federal building in Chicago, after Blagojevich was sentenced to 14 years on 18
corruption counts. On Monday, March 28, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court rejected
Blagojevich's appeal of his corruption convictions that included his attempt to
sell the vacant Senate seat once occupied by President Barack Obama. (AP
Photo/M. Spencer Green, File)  FILE - In this March 14, 2012 file photo, former
Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, accompanied by his wife Patti, speaks to the
media outside his home in Chicago. The Supreme Court on Monday, March 28, 2016,
rejected Blagojevich's appeal of his corruption convictions that included his
attempt to sell the vacant Senate seat once occupied by President Barack Obama.
(AP Photo/M. Spencer Green, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 9, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

WHEN THE PUBLIC ACCEPTS CORRUPTION, THE PUBLIC SUFFERS

BYLINE: By ROY L. JONES

SECTION: Section 11; New Jersey; Page 34, Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1063 words


THE consequences of corruption by a public official are much grimmer than we
think, and the costs to the community are exceptionally high. When we ask who
bears the penalty of public acceptance of official corruption, the answer
becomes an echo: The public.

As an example, all we need do is focus upon the residents of Atlantic City. Many
of them did not approve of casinos, but they are as much the victims as those
who supported legalized gambling. They are confronted daily with threats of
losing their homes, of prostitution, of increased taxes and of violent crime.

Crime, it is true, has increased in noncasino states, too. But the point is that
citizens are generally paying the penalty for increased crime because there is
everywhere a growing passivity about corruption in government and the community.
This passive -and sometimes active - citizen acceptance has resulted in economic
and social blight at all levels.

A recent example of citizen acceptance of corruption in government occurred at a
regularly scheduled meeting of the Camden City Council on Oct. 9. The issue was:
What were the City Council and the citizens going to do about a convicted Mayor?

The meeting drew a large, lively crowd, but one that could have been several
times larger had more citizens been moved to acknowledge their concerns.

That night, the Council voted, 4 to 3, not to support a resolution asking for
the resignation of Mayor Angelo J. Errichetti, who had been convicted of
bribe-taking as a result of the Abscam investigation. Citizens were divided on
the issue, and the intensity was quite evident. The action dramatized on a local
level the dilemma facing our nation.

The issue is brought into clearer focus when we review research data and news
clippings that suggest that citizens are indeed becoming increasingly tolerant
of corruption in government.

On that night of Oct. 9, a concerned citizen who echoed some of the sentiments
of the anticorruption forces recited the following State Supreme Court mandate
about the ethical responsibilities of a public official:

''Honesty and integrity of the performance of their duties is an absolute charge
upon public officials and employees. Thus, the first point to make is that the
public official has the highest of ethical duties toward the people of the
municipality - the duty of representing their interests above all others
honestly and faithfully.''

That statement alone should have changed the character of the meeting, but it
did not.  It was said, further, that there are theological principles that
provide direction for a citizen's attitude toward corruption in government, and
the following excerpt from Proverbs (Chapter 24:24-25) was read:

''He that saith unto the wicked, Thou art righteous; him shall the people curse,
nations shall abhor him: But to them that rebuke him shall be delight, and a
good blessing shall come upon them.'' The crowd then grew raucous. When the
verses were expounded upon - ''They must never connive at or encourage wicked
practices ... though they be a great man or a particular friend'' - the
Errichetti forces became mob-like, certainly not yet convinced.

Even though a speaker said that the National Crime Commission had reported that
crime was a national disgrace and that New Jersey ranked third in the number of
convicted public officials, the speaker's voice was slowly overcome by the noise
of the crowd.

A rather cold fact is recorded in a 1978 Department of Justice report: ''In a
seven-year period, 1970-1977, there were a record number of indictments of
public officials in New Jersey.'' To be exact, there were 66. We are also
reminded by the United States Chamber of Commerce that the construction industry
alone produces an estimated $3 billion in corrupt activities.

It should be clear to citizens in Camden that the consequences of public
approval of corruption in government are costly and directly affect the health
of a community.

Camden is in horrible shape: filth, shameful housing conditions, a laughed-at
school system, large-scale slum-landlordism, property-tax evasion by
speculators.

Such, we can confirm, is Camden. And those conditions evolved because citizens
were tolerant of corruption in government.  There is a relationship between a
city inspector's taking a bribe and the loss of city revenues. There is a
relationship between an administrator's failing to collect taxes from slumlords
and poor housing conditions. There is a relationship - an ominous one - between
a housing official's approving a multimillion dollar construction project and
turning away a discovery that inferior materials are used in the construction.

Finally, and not least, it is most important to understand the relationship
between a youth's seeing a parent, or any adult, sanctioning criminal behavior
on the part of public officials and that same parent supporting the enforcement
of curfew restrictions against juveniles.

A young person can see the contradiction, and can - in many cases does - lose
respect for the law and for elders in that community.  It is quite
understandable, although not acceptable, that some juvenile assaulted an elderly
person, robbed a store or disobeyed curfew laws.

Adult tolerance of criminal behavior in government has farreaching consequences.
We might ask ourselves: What are the end results of criminal behavior in
government? Perhaps a public viewing of the Abscam tapes should be held in the
City Council chambers. Perhaps that will convince the unconvinced.  Maybe we can
salvage what's left of public integrity.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Roy L. Jones, an administrator and adjunct professor at Glassboro State College,
is vice chairman of the Camden Citizens Coalition.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photos of men indicted in ABSCAM investigation

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company

                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: El Paso public corruption: Bobby Ruiz gets 24 months, ex-city Rep.
Raymond Telles gets probation

BYLINE: Diana Washington Valdez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 110 words


Dec. 03--Update:

Former city representative Raymond Telles was sentenced to five years probation.

Previous:

Dallas businessman Bobby Ruiz was sentenced to 24 months in prison this morning
by U.S. District Court Judge Frank Montalvo.

Ruiz is one of four men scheduled to be sentenced today. Former city
representative Raymond Telles is next. The other two set to be sentenced today
are architect Lorenzo Aguilar and political consultant Tony Dill.

All four men have pleaded guilty to various public corruption charges.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131203-EY-BRF-El-Paso-public-corruption
-Bobby-Ruiz-gets-24-months-ex-city-Rep-Raymond-Telles-gets-probation-1203-201312
03

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            January 26, 2014 Sunday

Federal investigations: Culture of corruption unveiled in El Paso

BYLINE: By Marty Schladen \ Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1681 words


AUSTIN >> As Robert Pitman enters his third year as U.S. Attorney for the
Western District of Texas, he has run an office that has made a big impact in El
Paso and other areas.

As former Socorro Mayor Guillermo "Willie" Gandara Sr. was sentenced last month,
U.S. District Judge Frank Montalvo remarked that one phase in El Paso's epic
corruption scandals was closing and another was opening.

The investigation stretches back to 2003 and has led to the conviction of former
elected officials, business leaders and lawyers, many of whom preyed on the most
vulnerable El Pasoans. One, for example, was a school superintendent who
deprived children of an education in a scheme to boost his bonuses.

At the same time, Pitman's prosecutors and federal investigators broke open a
money-laundering scheme by the brutal Zetas drug cartel that for a time
dominated quarter-horse racing in New Mexico and elsewhere. It turned out to be
one of the most effective attacks by American prosecutors on a Mexican cartel.

Pitman, whose district stretches from Central Texas to El Paso, recently
discussed in his Austin office his prosecutors' work and what he hopes it has
achieved

Q In addition to the cheating scandal at the El Paso Independent School
District, lawyers in your office have prosecuted Bob Jones for looting a program
for disabled adults and they convicted three officials in a scheme to steal from
a program for mentally ill children. How do these conspiracies differ from other
public-corruption scandals?

AThat's the piece of this that has been so frustrating to me. In addition to the
routine graft and corruption   you know, sending out the county road crew to
build a road on my brother-in-law's farm   there is another layer of outrage
because not only were these folks corrupt, the money was diverted from programs
for mentally disabled children, programs that were designed to give employment
to disabled people. If you look at what this money was directed for, it's
outrageous not only that people were being paid off, the monies were intended
for programs whose recipients are people who are most in need; the most
sympathetic groups of people. That just to me was another layer of outrage.

Q Do you think El Paso is more corrupt than other cities in the U.S.?

A I'm not in the business of comparing and contrasting. I think El Paso has a
lot of wonderful attributes and I'm proud to have it in my district. I will say
that in this series of prosecutions, we have identified a problem that seemed to
have been fairly pervasive in county government. My hope is that we shined a
spotlight on it and the people of El Paso will do their part in making sure they
don't end up there again.

Q Can you give an example of how the corruption was pervasive?

AI recall that Frank Apodaca (president of Access Healthsource, which corruptly
got more than $100 million in business from government agencies) said at his
sentencing that he just found himself in an environment where corruption was the
norm, and I think that was the sad truth of this whole story. All of these
people from elected officials to vendors to people in authority all had an
awareness that this is what it took to do business in El Paso.

QSomeone who used to work for one of the now-convicted officials told me that
would-be vendors routinely dropped off gifts at the elected official's office.
She said nobody thought there might be something wrong with that.

AWhat starts early on is this you-scratch-my-back, I-scratch-yours kind of
mentality. It starts out as nothing you would categorize as illegal, but it
starts you down the road. Your only mandate as a public official is to do the
right thing for the voters. But when you start making small exceptions to that,
that's what starts you down the road to where we get involved.

Q Back in 2007, then-County Judge Anthony Cobos told FBI agents to "bring it on"
after they searched his office at the courthouse. Before and after he was
indicted in 2011, he claimed he was the victim of a process that was corrupted
by his political enemies. How do you respond now that he's pleaded guilty and is
serving a four-year prison sentence?

AHe questioned the integrity and motivation of the FBI and the prosecution. In
the end, I think we were able to demonstrate that we were motivated by nothing
other than holding him accountable for what he had done. We were able to dispel
the notion that we were doing the bidding of anyone other than the taxpayer.

Q What sticks out to you about the EPISD school-cheating scandal in which many
Mexican students were forced out of school?

AThere was this one girl whose victim's testimony was that she just dropped out
of school and went back to Mexico where she's an unwed mother. Just so (former
Superintendent Lorenzo Garcca) could get a bonus? Really?

QSince Garcca's conviction, other school-cheating investigations have been
opened across El Paso County and elsewhere. Do you think the problem is systemic
in Texas?

AWe have been contacted by law-enforcement agencies in other places inquiring
about our investigation and seeking our counsel as to how to investigate these
sorts of situations. It was a bit of an unorthodox prosecution. I think the
lawyers in El Paso did a good job of identifying the problem and identifying the
federal interest and prosecuting it. I think it's fair to say that others have
sought our guidance.

QHave you gotten inquiries about a lot of schools?

AI wouldn't say a lot.

Q House Speaker Joe Straus has said he will probably instruct a legislative
committee to investigate school cheating in Texas. Do you think this is the
right way to address the problem?

AI would be out of my (bailiwick) telling them what to do. My lane is a fairly
narrow lane, and I know through experience not to get out of that lane. My job
is to investigate when someone has broken a federal law But I will say that the
answer does not lie within the capability of law enforcement. By the time the
problems get to us, it's too late, we're cleaning up.

QStarting in 2012, your office and federal investigators broke up a $20 million
money-laundering conspiracy by Los Zetas, Mexico's most brutal drug cartel. The
gang had corrupted much of the quarter-horse racing industry, including in
Ruidoso, N.M. Among those sentenced to prison in September was Jose Trevico
Morales, brother of two of the Zetas' top leaders. Why was this case such a big
deal to you?

ARarely do you have the opportunity to do prosecutions in the United States that
are having an impact on a cartel at the highest level. Because of the familial
relationship of our target and because of the amount of money we were able to
show came directly from the cartel, we know that the Zetas felt this. It's rare
that you have a single case that you know really moves the needle.

Q As he awaited sentencing for his role in the Zetas conspiracy, Mexican
businessman Francisco Colorado Cessa was again indicted   this time accused of
trying to bribe U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks $1 million to reduce his
sentence. What's the lesson there?

A That they can't do business in the U.S. like they do in Mexico. We've let them
know that's not how it works.

QWhat do you hope public officials in El Paso have learned from the Poison Pawns
investigation and the prosecutions it's led to?

AI hope that the elected folks in El Paso County will understand that we're on
the job. If they follow the law and render the services they were elected to
render, nobody is going to be more appreciative of that than we are. But if they
continue to do what's been done in the past, we're still there and we're going
to continue to live up to our obligation to enforce the law.

QWhat do you hope the public has learned?

AI hope there will be structural changes in how things are done. There are
things you can do to increase transparency. Now that the people of El Paso have
seen that their trust has been violated over and over again, I hope they will
take advantage of processes, mechanisms and procedures to minimize the risks of
these things.

QHave a lot of people come forward with tips in Poison Pawns?

AYes One of the great things I think we established in this series of
investigations is that both the FBI and the U.S. Attorney's Office have
established their credibility in the community   as law-enforcement agencies
that can be trusted with information, that can be relied upon to handle
confidentiality when it's requested, and to follow through, and it has yielded
significant evidence.

QWhat would you tell someone who offers information that does not result in
prosecution?

AWhat we often have difficulty explaining to people is that we have limited
jurisdiction. We can only investigate and prosecute things that are violations
of federal law. Sometimes we've got an applicable statute and sometimes we
don't. Just because somebody does something that looks crooked, unless there was
a specific law violated, we can't prosecute them. Secondly, we always have to
evaluate the evidence in terms of whether or not a grand jury will find probable
cause that a crime has been committed and whether a jury will convict. Sometimes
we are in the very frustrating position of believing or personally knowing
something happened, but we don't have admissible evidence that satisfies us that
we can get a grand jury to indict or a jury to convict.

QAs Americans, shouldn't we take comfort in that?

AThat's exactly right. There are reasons why we have those barriers. Sometimes
our instincts are wrong about those things and you don't want a prosecutor to go
forward with anything other than solid evidence that's admissible and
demonstrable.

QHave the media played a role in this episode?

A(The investigation and prosecutions have) raised the awareness of the people of
El Paso. A lot of that has been through our prosecutions, but, frankly, a lot of
that has been through the part that the media have played in highlighting and
communicating a lot of this. The people of El Paso got a rare glimpse at how the
people's business has been done in El Paso for a long time.

Marty Schladen may be reached at 512-479-6606.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Pitman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           September 1, 2002, Sunday

2012 GAMES: WHO WANTS 'EM?  DON'T HEAR CLAMORING FOR APPLE TO BE HOST

BYLINE: PHIL MUSHNICK

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 090

LENGTH: 844 words


WHEN the announcement was made Tuesday that the American finalists to host the
2012 Olympics had been narrowed to New York City and San Francisco, what,
exactly, were we supposed to do? Dance? Grunt? Shrug?

After all, I can't recall New Yorkers even minimally having their pulses taken
on whether they want to host the Olympics.

In fact, I'd wager that many more than a few New Yorkers now know what the
Olympics are - and have been -since Adolf Hitler's '36 Games in Berlin. The
Olympics, on a continuum, have been fraught with any combination of political
corruption, financial corruption, ideological corruption, athletic corruption,
drug corruption, event-judging corruption and even murder.

The Olympics' lofty proscribed ideals of both competition and international
fraternity were long ago rendered a perverse joke. And not even the most
foolhardy International Olympic Committee member will any longer even mention
the word "amateur." The Olympics now serve as a greater platform from which to
demonstrate and advance international divisiveness than to promote global
harmony.

And now, it seems, there's some fresh ugliness. Washington, D.C.-Baltimore, a
proposed host site for 2012, has been reported to have been rejected Tuesday,
because, as our nation's capital, it's too closely linked to our foreign
policies, which many IOC delegates and their countries currently find
unacceptable.

Juan Antonio Samaranch, unrepentant WW II Fascist Party member and, until
recently, the IOC's dictator and enabler of IOC bribe-takers, has bestowed the
Olympics' highest medal of honor on murderous despots, including the late
Romanian tyrant Nicolae Ceausescu. Yet Washington, D.C. may make the IOC
uncomfortable. Hmmm.

Of course, San Francisco and New York remain candidates because while our
capital may be in disfavor within the IOC, our capital very much meets with the
IOC's approval. U.S. TV money has kept the IOC in caviar and penthouse suites.
The U.S. government - a.k.a. unsuspecting taxpayers - funded this year's Winter
Games in Salt Lake to the estimated tune of $1.5 billion.

Given that there was no mandate delivered by the citizenry of New York to host
the 2012 Olympics, given that Washington D.C. may have been rejected because it
was deemed politically incorrect, given that the Olympics have a sustained
history of every conceivable form of corruption, why should we be even mildly
pleased to be a finalist to host the 2012 Olympics?

I think a lot of us, maybe even most of us, would be a lot more pleased if New
York told the IOC that while New York would make a marvelous venue for the 2012
Games, we have an even better site in mind: The IOC should go to hell.

*

Speaking of the Olympics as a venue for crime, ABC, today at 1:30 p.m., airs a
riveting one-hour documentary, "Our Greatest Hopes, Our Worst Fears," on the
slaughter of Israeli athletes, 30 summers ago at the '72 Games in Munich.

ABC televised those Games, thus the documentary, narrated by Charles Gibson,
includes never-before-seen, behind-the-scenes footage, including fascinating
tape of ABC personnel - Jim McKay, Peter Jennings, Howard Cosell - scrambling to
catch up to the story.

Thursday's USA Network coverage of the U.S. Open included Ted Robinson telling
about a call placed by singer Tony Bennett to roving reporter Michael Barkann.
Bennett asked that instead of referring to "Armstrong Stadium," Barkann and his
colleagues call it by its full name, "Louis Armstrong Stadium," to best
perpetuate his name. Request granted.

CBS's Jim Nantz, a gentleman in a business that no longer emphasizes such
virtues in those it hires, has been named the winner of the Curt Gowdy Award,
presented by the Basketball Hall of Fame for outstanding contributions to the
game by a member of the media.

John McEnroe, during the U.S. Open on USA, wondered aloud whether supplements
were a cause for so many first-round withdrawals. "With creatine, for example,
which is legal [for now, in pro tennis], there's a tendency to cramp up."

U.S. Open's rain-out policy essentially states, "Tough luck, sucker." No
refunds, no exchanges for this year's event. The best the Open will do is swap
the tickets for next year's. Is there a Consumer Affairs officer in the house?

Now that WNEW-FM has fired Opie and Anthony, whose contribution to sportscasting
was hosting Ch. 4's shameless XFL pregame show, the station must hire another
Opie and Anthony. Amazing business. Opie and Anthony were hired for their
willingness to go too far, then were fired for going too far.

It's like when CBS hired Jimmy (The Greek) Snyder because he was a street guy
with a big mouth and lots of opinions. He was fired for the same reasons.


LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FINAL COUNTDOWN: USOC's Charles Moore (above) answers questions about
New York and San Francisco becoming American finalists for 2012 Summer Games
bid. Mayor Bloomberg (left) reacts to news, while Baltimore mayor Martin
O'Malley (below, on left) commisserates on speaker phone with D.C.'s
mayor.Anthony J. Causi (left), AP

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.

                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 28, 1992, Tuesday

THE SOUTH IN BRIEF 'Integrity' unit to enter City Hall probe

BYLINE: By A.L. May STAFF WRITER IN ATLANTA and Christina Cheakalos STAFF WRITER
IN BATON ROUGE

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 464 words


ALABAMA: Birmingham Mayor Richard Arrington, who went to prison to dramatize his
contention that the U.S. attorney's office had unfairly targeted him, said
Monday that the Justice Department has agreed to send other people to help in an
investigation of alleged corruption in Birmingham City Hall.

Appearing at a news conference with the Rev. Jesse Jackson, Mayor Arrington said
U.S. Attorney Frank Donaldson had asked the Public Integrity Section of the
Justice Department to take part in the probe. Mayor Arrington was released
Friday from a federal prison in Montgomery after agreeing to turn over his
personal appointment records for 1986-91 to a federal grand jury. He had entered
the prison the night before rather than turn over the records, which he said the
U.S. attorney's office wanted to concoct a case against him.

KENTUCKY: Survivor joins search for river victims. A woman who survived the
sinking of a small boat in the Ohio River returned Monday to help authorities
search for seven other people who vanished in the accident. The eight were on
their way to a hot dog roast a few miles upstream from Uniontown in western
Kentucky when the boat was swamped by 4-foot waves Saturday.

TENNESSEE: Historic bridge dismantled. Despite a lengthy, heartfelt battle by
local residents to save it, the 80-year-old Reliance Bridge over the Hiwassee
River is history. Workers began tearing down the historic steel truss bridge
Saturday, and by Monday afternoon one of the five suspension spans lay
half-submerged in the scenic mountain stream.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Poll backs government overhaul. A group of business and civic
leaders called the Save Our State Coalition said Monday that a poll of 406
registered voters surveyed last month showed that 75 percent supported a
"complete overhaul" of state government. Gov. Carroll Campbell is pushing for a
ballot measure that would ask voters whether they support reorganizing state
government into Cabinet-level agencies. Part-time boards now pick agency heads.

TENNESSEE: Governor to unveil new budget. Gov. Ned McWherter will outline his $
9 billion state budget for next year today while the Tennessee Legislature
wrestles with ways to pay for school reforms without an income tax. The state
budget will force members of the Legislature to decide whether they want to
approve new taxes to avoid $ 65 million in cuts for the fiscal year that begins
in July.

MISSISSIPPI: Thousands of birds killed in park. A combination of water,
detergent and cool temperatures spelled the end for an estimated 200,000
blackbirds in Greenwood over the weekend. Parks director George Smith said the
treatment aimed at eliminating the nuisance killed about 75 percent of the birds
that have been roosting in trees at Whittington Park.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 18, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Reversing Cuts, Pataki Gives Boost to Investigation Office

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B;  Page 6;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 17


Gov. George E. Pataki announced today that he was revamping the office that
investigates corruption in state government, which he had left with little staff
for much of the first year of his administration after dismissing nearly all its
workers.

Mr. Pataki said he had signed an executive order that gives the Office of the
Inspector General more authority to combat fraud and waste in government. And
his Inspector General, Roslynn R. Mauskopf, said she had hired enough new
investigators to bring the number of employees in the office to about the same
level as when Mr. Pataki became Governor in January 1995.

In the first 10 months of his administration, Mr. Pataki dismissed 22 of the 25
workers in the office, all of whom were holdovers from the administration of his
predecessor, Mario M. Cuomo. Mr. Pataki appointed only five replacements, most
with ties to the Republican Party.

Several of the office's former investigators said the dismissals had thrown
dozens of cases into disarray and had forced the office to ignore tips about
possible corruption. But Ms. Mauskopf, whom the Governor did not name until
September, has disputed that accusation.

Mr. Pataki said at a news conference today that he dismissed the Cuomo holdovers
only because "it was very important to put in place a new team."

Under Mr. Cuomo, the Office of the Inspector General investigated corruption in
any state agency whose head was appointed by the Governor. Mr. Pataki said his
new executive order would give the office jurisdiction over most of the state's
public authorities as well.

He also said the order would strengthen the office's independence by making
investigators who operate out of state agencies accountable only to Ms.
Mauskopf. Under the old regulations, these investigators reported to both the
Inspector General and the commissioners of the agencies where they worked,
raising possible conflicts of interest.

"Today's executive order," Ms. Mauskopf said, "initiates a comprehensive
overhaul of an outdated, obsolete Inspector General system, a system which had
been abandoned over 10 years ago by New York City, the Federal Government and
other states."

Ms. Mauskopf's rebuilding efforts appear to have been successful, at least
according to one measure.

Last year, the office referred only two cases to the state's Ethics Commission,
which can impose penalties based on the office's inquiries, said Walter Ayres, a
spokesman for the commission.

This year, the office has already referred seven cases to the commission, Mr.
Ayres said. The average before last year had been 8 to 12 cases a year.


LOAD-DATE: June 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 21, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. CALLS 26 IN CITY POLICE GRAFT INQUIRY

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1052 words


Twenty-six present and former city police officers, including five sergeants,
have been subpoenaed in a Federal undercover investigation of illegal activities
at after-hours clubs and bars in Manhattan, Federal and city law enforcement
officials said yesterday.

While it was the largest number of police officers involved in a corruption
inquiry here in many years, authorities said the case did not indicate any
widespread pattern of police corruption reminiscent of the early 1970's. At that
time, an inquiry by the Knapp Commission found pervasive, institionalized
corruption in the Police Department.

The officers, who were given the subpoenas in a coordinated action by Federal
agents before dawn Tuesday, are being called to testify before a Federal grand
jury looking mainly into allegations of payoffs to police officers to protect
after-hours establishments in Chelsea, in Greenwich Village and on the Lower
East Side.

All of the subpoenaed officers are or were assigned to the 10th Precinct
station, at 230 West 20th Street in Chelsea, or the Ninth Precinct station, at
321 East Fifth Street on the Lower East Side.  Some officers were said to have
been asked to testify about thefts unrelated to the after-hours establishments.

No officers have been charged, but some were being questioned about accusations
that they had shared payoffs from the same illegal bars. Law-enforcement
officials said the accusations focused on several unrelated instances of
corruption. They said there were no indications that many officers had acted
together in a general conspiracy.

John S. Martin Jr., the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, declined to comment on the inquiry, but noted that the Police Department
and a special state anticorruption prosecutor had been consulted and he added:
''Nothing we have indicates widespread police corruption.''

McGuire Terms Case 'Serious'

Police Commissioner Robert J. McGuire also said in an interview that the case
did not appear to be one of major proportions.  ''It's serious - we do not
minimize the seriousness of any corruption matter,'' he said. ''We're talking
about more than an isolated radio-car team, but dramatically less than anything
uncovered in the Knapp Commission days.''

Those subpoenaed included eight to 10 officers who had retired from the force
since the inquiry began. Some retired before the Police Department knew they
were suspects, and some were allowed to retire to avoid disclosures that might
have disrupted the inquiry.  Convictions could lead to the cancellation of
pensions.

Officials declined to provide details of the allegations, but said they focused
on several after-hours bars that made payoffs to police officers to gain
protection from raids and other harassment. There were also ''miscellaneous''
allegations that grew out of, but were not directly related to, the original
inquiry.

Some officers, for example, were said to have stolen property while
investigating a burglary. Others were said to have stolen money that belonged to
an arrested person, instead of vouchering it as evidence.

None of the subpoenaed officers still on the force were suspended from duty.
Suspensions are normally invoked after indictments. It was not clear how many of
those subpoenaed were targets of the inquiry.  One official said that
indictments in the case probably would be handed up in a week or two.

The inquiry, according to Federal law-enforcement officials, began two and a
half years ago as an investigation of illegal activities in after-hours clubs.

Later, the officials said, as evidence of corruption by police officers began to
emerge, a club owner and two police officers were induced to cooperate.

They wore hidden radio transmitters, and tape recordings of discussions with
other corrupt officers were made. It was Mr.  Martin's decision not to turn the
case over to state and local officials.

Commissioner McGuire said he and the Police Department's Internal Affairs
Division, which investigates corrupt officers, were told of the inquiry last May
and ''provided material assistance'' to the Federal investigators.

Thomas A. Duffy Jr., the state's special anticorruption prosecutor, also was
notified of the case by Federal officials last spring.  ''Whenever we were asked
to cooperate, we did,'' he said.

Law enforcement officials familiar with corruption investigations noted
yesterday that Federal authorities, the state's special prosecutor and the
Police Department's own investigators shared an overlapping authority in looking
into police corruption.

They also noted that a certain amount of rivalry existed among these
investigating agencies and that it was unusual for Federal officials to
supersede the state and local authorities in a case that did not raise the
specter of wide corruption.

24,000 On Police Force

The number of corruption allegations against police officers in recent years has
remained relatively stable, with 2,602 in 1978, 2,505 in 1979, 2,318 in 1980,
2,319 in 1981 and 2,427 in 1982. The number of officers dismissed in such cases
also has been relatively stable: 34 in 1978, 30 in 1979, 29 in 1980 and 36 in
1981. The city has about 24,000 police officers.

Commissioner McGuire noted that small groups of officers engaged in corrupt
activities were uncovered from time to time. ''You are never going to stop all
corruption,'' he said.

But, he said, there has been no return to the pervasive, organized patterns of
corruption uncovered by the Knapp Commission a decade ago, chiefly because the
department has undergone ''dramatic changes'' in finding and rooting it out.

Until 1971, the department relied on a fragmented system to handle accusations
of corruption. Borough and unit commanders were responsible for investigating
reports of wrongdoing in their commands. The Police Commissioner also had a
small unit to check such allegations, but there was a general lack of
accountability.

Now, accusations of corruption are referred to the special state prosecutor and
the Internal Affairs Division, whose 200 investigators are aided by ''field
associates,'' a secret group of officers who are recruited as rookies and report
on corrupt acts through their careers. Their identities are known only to a
handful of division officers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Levenson named head of SEC's Boston office

BYLINE: by Dan Lonkevich

LENGTH: 205 words


The Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday, Sept. 12, named Paul
Levenson director of its Boston Regional Office, where he will oversee
enforcement and examinations in the New England region.

Levenson is joining the SEC from the U.S. Attorney's Office in Massachusetts,
where he is chief of the Economic Crimes Unit that is responsible for
investigations and prosecutions of financial crimes. He will begin working at
the SEC in late October.

Levenson joined the U.S. Attorney's Office in 1989 and served in the civil
division as well as the Economic Crimes Unit and Public Corruption Unit. He has
led the Economic Crimes Unit since 2007. He has helped lead the investigation
and prosecution of white collar crimes ranging from securities, tax, insurance,
bank and healthcare fraud, foreign bribery, official corruption and
embezzlement.

He previously was a litigation associate at Kaye, Scholer, Fierman, Hays &
Handler LLP in Washington from 1985 to 1987. He later worked at Gibson, Dunn &
Crutcher LLP in New York before joining the U.S. Attorney's Office in
Massachusetts. He began his legal career as a law clerk to Judge Stanley Weigel
of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California.

DEAL SIZE

Undisclosed

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 26, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

It Only Seems That Political Corruption Is Rampant

BYLINE: By MICHAEL WINES; Susan Beachy contributed research.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 945 words


With the indictment last week of the former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell on
fraud and conspiracy charges, one might surmise that high-level political
scandal is breaking out all over. And in a way, one would be right: It has been
a good year, or perhaps a bad one, for hauling politicians before judges.

Three members of the House of Representatives pleaded guilty to, or were
convicted of, crimes in 2013, more than any other year since 1981, when the
now-cinematized Abscam sting operation put six House members and a senator
behind bars. Last year, former mayors of Detroit and New Orleans, among others,
were convicted of, or charged with, felonies.

Mr. McDonnell's indictment continues a string of scandals that has led courts to
find eight governors or former governors guilty of crimes since 2000, two from
Illinois alone. But if one popular perception of big-time politics is that of a
criminal cabal, many who study officeholders for a living disagree -- and offer
statistics as proof.

Political malfeasance grabs headlines, and few public failings are as colorful
as a House legislator who stores $90,000 in marked bills in his basement freezer
(William J. Jefferson, Democrat of Louisiana, convicted of bribery, racketeering
and money laundering in 2009) or one who boasts to an F.B.I. undercover agent,
''I've got larceny in my heart'' (John W. Jenrette Jr., Democrat of South
Carolina, convicted of accepting bribes in the Abscam sting; Mr. Jenrette was
later found guilty of shoplifting shoes and a necktie at a Marshalls department
store).

Nevertheless, political analysts say, one rotten apple -- or even the scores of
them picked up in the past two decades -- does not spoil the barrel. ''I've
studied American political corruption throughout the 19th and 20th centuries,
and, if anything, corruption was much more common in much of those centuries
than today,'' said Larry J. Sabato, the director of the University of Virginia's
Center for Politics.

What has skyrocketed, he argues, is the public perception that politicians are
corrupt. And to an extent, the numbers back him up.

The Justice Department's public integrity section, which prosecutes official
corruption at all levels of government, reports annually the number of public
officials it has charged with corruption or convicted of corruption-related
crimes. The data cover not only elected officials, but public servants from
cabinet secretaries to enlisted soldiers.

Convictions of federal officials dropped nearly a quarter from 1989 to 2011, the
most recent year for which figures are available. Convictions of state officials
doubled, thanks in part to a sharp one-time increase in 2011. Local officials'
convictions have remained comparatively steady.

A 2007 compendium of misdeed, ''The Almanac of Political Corruption, Scandals
and Dirty Politics,'' concluded that fewer than 1 percent of the nearly 12,000
people who had served in Congress had been expelled, indicted or tried for
crimes.

That probably is because few investigators were looking for crimes for much of
that period. Still, the F.B.I. has stated that the arrest rate among the general
public for white-collar crime -- the sort that constitutes most political
corruption -- was more than 6 percent in the late 1990s.

''There's a large majority of voters who believe it's just endemic,'' the book's
author, Kim Long, said in a telephone interview from Denver. ''There's no
evidence that indicates it's the case -- zero.''

Well, perhaps not zero -- particularly at lower levels of government. A 2012
study by researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago calculated that 31
of the approximately 100 Chicago aldermen who had served since 1973 -- and four
of the seven governors -- had been convicted of corruption. A 1992 F.B.I. sting
involving bribery and horse-racing legislation netted convictions of nearly 11
percent of the Kentucky Legislature.

At the heights of political power, some analysts say, corruption is less
widespread, but seems endemic because it is intensely covered -- not just by
newspaper and other news media outlets, but now by phalanxes of partisan
political bloggers.

A search on Google for the words ''Edwin Edwards'' and ''indicted'' produces
about 16,000 mentions of Mr. Edwards, the roguish and nationally known Louisiana
governor charged in 1998 with extorting bribes to reward riverboat casino
licenses.

By comparison, an identical search for Mr. McDonnell, the former Virginia
governor indicted just days ago, returned 113 million hits.

''The news has gotten nationalized,'' Darrell M. West, the vice president of
government studies at the Brookings Institution in Washington, said in an
interview. ''The mayor of Toronto is an excellent example. Here's a mayor of a
city in a foreign country, but his name and picture are plastered all over the
American media.''

None of which is to say that high-level corruption is either negligible or
unimportant.

Under the direction of Robert S. Mueller III, the F.B.I. shifted agents and
attention from small-bore crimes like local drug trafficking and single-victim
fraud to focus more intently on public corruption. The bureau said in 2011 that
it was conducting more than 2,000 corruption inquiries and had secured more than
900 convictions in fiscal 2010, most involving federal officials.

In an email exchange, the chief of the bureau's Public Corruption Unit, Brian J.
Nadeau, declined to say how many investigations were underway or whether the
focus on corruption -- always the criminal division's highest priority --
continued to increase.

He said, however, that the bureau ''has become more strategic in the way we
manage our programs and the threats.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/26/us/politics/it-only-seems-that-political-
corruption-is-rampant.html

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Representatives John W. Jenrette Jr., left, and William J.
Jefferson were both convicted in high-profile scandals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company

                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            February 2, 2010 Tuesday

DETECTIVE PLANS TO SUE CITY

BYLINE: JASON AUSLANDER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 773 words


Officer accused of aiding drug dealer suing for retaliation, attorney says

By Jason Auslander

The New Mexican

A Santa Fe police detective who allegedly provided intelligence and assistance
to a drug dealer plans to sue the city this week for retaliation, his lawyer
said.

"These are hard-hitting allegations against the city Police Department ...
alleging retaliation because of his failure to go along with corruption," said
Alvin Garcia, an Albuquerque lawyer representing Detective Jose Valencia. "He
was under threat from high officials (at the Police Department) for not going
along with corruption."

Garcia on Monday declined to specify the type of corruption or the specific
official behind it but said there were "multiple events" that would be spelled
out in a tort claim notice he plans to file this week. He said he thinks police
officials at the time called the FBI to investigate Valencia after he refused to
go along with the "corruption."

However, former Santa Fe Police Chief Eric Johnson -- who served as chief from
April 2006 until May -- called the allegations of corruption and retaliation
"absolutely false."

"Come on," Johnson said when told of the allegations Monday. "(Valencia) was
union president or vice president at the time (the allegations came to light).
If I threatened him, don't you think I'd have heard allegations of union busting
or something? Why didn't he take action at the time? It's ridiculous."

Valencia was recently supplanted as head of the Santa Fe Police Officers
Association.

The FBI allegedly caught Valencia talking on the phone to a "known criminal and
drug dealer" Feb. 22 and Feb. 26, according to documents from the Department of
Public Safety. Valencia allegedly knew the drug dealer from Pecos, where
Valencia grew up, sources said.

During those conversations, Valencia agreed to provide the drug dealer "with a
firearm after the criminal clearly conveyed his intent to commit murder,
provided the criminal with a description of an undercover officer who was
possibly investigating the criminal, and provided the criminal with information
and advice adverse to law enforcement," according to the documents.

He also allegedly made disparaging remarks about fellow police officers, the
documents state.

Garcia said Valencia was investigating the drug dealer, trying to gain his trust
and reporting his contact to his superiors. And while Valencia and the drug
dealer did discuss weapons, there was no discussion of who was to be murdered,
and no one ever was murdered, he said.

Also, Valencia made defamatory remarks about other officers to gain the drug
dealer's confidence, he said. Further, while he did describe an officer to the
drug dealer, the person didn't resemble any actual officer because Valencia made
him up, again to curry favor with the drug dealer, Garcia said.

Garcia said he wants to know how the FBI became involved and believes the drug
dealer was acting as an informant for the Region III Narcotics Task Force, which
is run by state police with some FBI support. He said Valencia had been
threatened with retaliation before the telephone conversations took place.

"The task force was put up to it by (law enforcement) officials in Santa Fe,"
Garcia said. "Why would they start the entrapment process using an informant
against one of their own officers?"

However, an FBI spokesman said last week that agents recorded Valencia in the
course of a separate investigation, passed that information along to Santa Fe
police and had nothing more to do with the case.

On Monday, Johnson confirmed that sequence of events. He said FBI agents brought
him the tape and told him they gathered it in an investigation that had nothing
to do with Valencia or the Santa Fe Police Department.

"It never had anything to do with us contacting them (FBI) in any way, shape or
form," Johnson said. "I was shocked when I received this information from the
FBI."

He said he passed the telephone recordings on to the department's internal
affairs division, which investigated. Johnson declined to say exactly what was
on the tape.

Garcia said current-Santa Fe Police Chief Aric Wheeler recommended firing
Valencia last week, though that decision has been appealed to City Manager
Robert Romero, who has 15 days to support the decision or not.

A hearing officer with the state Law Enforcement Academy Board is scheduled to
hear Valencia's case Thursday. The hearing officer's decision will be forwarded
to the board, which could either reject or support the decision at its March
meeting. If the board decides to yank Valencia's certification as a police
officer, he could not be employed as a cop in the state.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved

                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Arizona: Remarks for First Assistant U.S. Attorney, District of Connecticut
Michael J. Gustafson Press Conference Regarding Alstom Bribery Plea

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Government works best when it operates transparently, and with the public
interest as its sole aim. Because of that, fighting corruption has long been a
top priority of federal prosecutors in Connecticut and across the Department of
Justice. Today's historic resolution is an important reminder that mandate to
stamp out corruption does not stop at any border, whether city, state, or
national. For years, Alstom has operated in the shadows, secretly lining the
pockets of government officials around the globe in order to secure millions of
dollars in public contracts. They ensured that the contracts would not
necessarily go to the most qualified bidders, or the best products, but instead
to whomever was willing to pay off the right decision makers. They covered up
those payments in some time honored ways: by using so-called consultants whose
sole value was access to corrupt officials, and by recording bribes on their
books and records as commissions and consultancy fees.

A significant part of this illicit work was unfortunately carried out from
Alstom Power's office in Windsor, Connecticut. Alstom Power, and before it ABB
and Combustion Engineering, has been an important part of the fabric of our
state since the 1950's and an employer of hundreds in the Hartford area. Yet as
this case makes clear, executives and employees from Windsor worked hand in hand
with co-conspirators elsewhere to bribe officials in places such as Indonesia,
Egypt, and Saudi Arabia. I am hopeful that this resolution, and in particular
the deferred prosecution agreement with Alstom Power, will provide the company
an opportunity to reshape its culture and restore its place as a respected
corporate citizen.

I applaud Mr. Cole, Ms. Caldwell, the prosecutors of the Department's Fraud
Section, the FBI, and prosecutors in my office, particularly David Novick, for
the years they have spent in seeing justice done here. Their successful
collaboration is a model for how effective this Department can be. I echo all of
the thanks given by Ms. Caldwell and Mr. Cole, and I also want to single out the
special agents of the Meriden, Connecticut office of the FBI, who have provided
significant support in the investigation of this case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 26, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

BRAZIL PROTEST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 222 words


Thousands of banner-waving marchers called on President Fernando Collor de Mello
to resign after a congressional report found the Brazilian leader had profited
in a government corruption scandal.

BCCI REPORT: Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, worked behind the scenes on behalf of the
scandal-riddled Bank of Credit and Commerce International at the same time he
pressed the bank to make a $ 10 million loan to a close business associate, The
New York Times reported today.

From documents and interviews with bank lawyers, it said Hatch, a member of the
Senate Judiciary Committee, and aide Michael Pillsbury emerged as ''integral
parts of the bank's efforts to escape Senate scrutiny and avoid bad publicity
after the bank pleaded guilty in 1989 to Federal charges of illegal laundering
of drug money.'' Hatch declined to respond in detail to the report because he
was searching his files for more details of his dealings with BCCI, the
senator's staff told the Times.

AND IN MALAYSIA: A Malaysian man, angered by a snake that bit him, swallowed the
reptile and is now in the hospital with a severe stomachache, Malaysia's The
Star newspaper reported. It said doctors in the southwest town of Seremban said
X-rays have confirmed that the 12-inch snake inside M. Krishnan, 45, is dead.

Horrors of hunger in Somalia

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Greg Marinovich, AP

CUTLINE: FOOD STRUGGLE: Starving children fight over a bowl of rice and beans in
southwest Somalia. The Red Cross said Tuesday 11 of its workers were killed in
clan warfare that is tearing the country apart. The USA plans to join Germany
this week with a food airlift.

WASHINGTON/WORLD; WASHINGTON/WORLD

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          December 15, 1971, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 3

LENGTH: 102 words

Knapp Comm hearings on allegations of police corruption resume; Detective F
Serpico testifies that at least 5 mos passed by between time he complained to
high city officials of widespread police corruption and opening of an official
investigation of charge; says that he gave specific names and incidents of
corruption to Lindsay aide J Kriegel and former NYC Investigation Comr Fraiman,
now NYS Sup Ct justice; also says that he had been informed that First Deputy
Police Comr Walsh had been told of allegations of corruption full 8 mos before
dept initiated investigation of charges; testimony detailed; illus

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 23, 2013 Tuesday

Low view of Albany hits high

BYLINE: Erik Kriss

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 169 words


ALBANY - Corruption is becoming the new normal in Albany - at least in the minds
of voters, a new poll has found.

In the wake of the bribery scandal involving state Sen. Malcolm Smith (D-Queens,
right) more than four out of every five New York voters expect additional state
legislators to be arrested on corruption charges soon, according to the Siena
College survey, which was released yesterday.

And about one-third of voters believe that their own state senator or Assembly
member could be a crook, according to the poll.

Siena found more than nine of every 10 voters identify corruption in the state
Legislature as a serious problem.

And 54 percent would even back a pay raise for legislators in exchange for them
becoming full-time state employees - with a ban on outside jobs that could pose
corruption conflicts, the April 14-18 telephone survey of 811 registered voters
found.

"Clearly, the recent arrests have eroded confidence in the Legislature," said
Siena poll spokesman Steven Greenberg.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sen. Malcolm Smith. [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              April 5, 2009 Sunday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Local news digest

SECTION: STL SUNDAY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 581 words

DATELINE: 0


Protesters allege Corruption at Village Hall

WASHINGTON PARK - About a dozen people marched on Village Hall Friday night,
saying they are tired of corruption under Mayor John Thornton.

The marchers were met in the Village Hall parking lot by Thornton and a cadre of
supporters, who said that some of the marchers were Canteen Township officials
and that they were the ones guilty of corruption and ignoring problems in
Washington Park.

The marchers cited the case of a payroll clerk sentenced last month to 18 months
in federal prison for embezzlement. The woman wore a wire that netted another
indictment, against her boss, a mayoral assistant charged last month. They also
complained about a current mayoral assistant who was sentenced to prison time
for stealing funds from a nonprofit organization in the mid-1990s.

Thornton defended his administration, denying corruption and saying he and
allies had cleaned up the city. He portrayed the march as political theater
ahead of Tuesday's election.

ST. LOUIS - City treasurer to lay off 73 - St. Louis Treasurer Larry Williams
said Friday that his office would lay off 73 employees, most of whom are
responsible for installing and maintaining parking meters. The terminations,
which are effective June 1, represent a significant chunk of the 212 or so
employees on the treasurer's payroll. Williams attributed the cuts to declining
revenue.

"After a long study, I have concluded that I can best maintain high quality of
services with less available revenue by reorganizing my office," Williams said
in a statement. The move marked the first time a City Hall department has made
broad layoffs in response to the nation's economic woes.

ST. LOUIS - Ballots hand-delivered - The St. Louis City Election Board
hand-delivered 73 absentee ballots Friday after learning that a mistake by the
post office would prevent them from being delivered by Saturday. The Postal
Service sent the ballots to the wrong post office; the election board didn't
receive them until last week. The election is Tuesday.

Absentee ballots must be cast in person at the election board, 300 North Tucker
Boulevard, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. today or Monday.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS - City cuts $2 million from budget - The sour economy prompted
the Maryland Heights City Council to cut almost $2 million out of the city's
2009 budget to match a projected revenue drop. The original budget was developed
from projections last fall, "just before everything started going down," finance
officer David Watson said.

The city's revenue losses are in general sales tax, business licenses,
state-collected motor fuel revenue, lower investment interest and other areas.
The city will use reserves to keep the budget balanced and there will be no
reductions in personnel and services. Revenue is stable from casino gambling,
which will continue to fund about 35 percent of the city's total spending of $39
million, Watson said.

ST. LOUIS COUNTY - Governor chooses judge - Gov. Jay Nixon has appointed
Associate Circuit Judge Gloria Clark Reno to be a circuit judge in St. Louis
County. Reno, 59, has been a judge since 2002. She received her law degree from
St. Louis University. Reno, of University City, is the first African-American
woman to be a circuit judge in St. Louis County.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL. - Pension system changes - Gov. Pat Quinn approved a state
pension system overhaul Friday. The law Quinn signed dumps the boards of four
pension and investment agencies and adopts tougher ethics rules.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  PHOTO - A sign from above  Parker Michels-Boyce  o
pmichels-boyce@post-dispatch.com  Donna Koenen points to the empty bolts from
which a street sign fell onto her car Friday. Koenen was waiting to turn left
onto Big Bend Road from Kirkwood Road, when the sign dropped about twelve feet,
shattering the windshield. "I didn't even know what it was," said Keonen. "I
thought it was a hood that flew over or something."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

As the world sees it...

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 366 words


The arrest of the Governor of Illinois

CHICAGO TRIBUNE

The charges in the criminal complaint against Rod Blagojevich are staggering.
They are stunning. Eye-popping. Gob-smacking. Jaw-dropping. Appalling.
Unprecedented in their alleged brazenness. These charges say that even as his
predecessor sat in prison after a corruption conviction, even as his associates
and fund-raisers were going down, even as it was widely reported that he was at
the center of a federal corruption probe ... even then, Blagojevich was selling
out his office and otherwise abusing his power. If these allegations are true,
Blagojevich is not just sleazy and venal, he is also recklessly compulsive.
(Eric Zorn)

TALKING POINTS MEMO

Even setting aside the primordial level of corruption of trying to sell the
senate seat of the President-elect of the United States, I never fail to be
amazed at the brazenness and stupidity of some political crooks. I think
everyone involved in politics or interested in political corruption in the
country had to know that Blagojevich's phones were tapped. And he tries to sell
the senate seat with that hanging over his head? That's simply amazing. I guess
you could say he's just a traditionalist, trying to keep up the heritage of
Chicago machine politics. (Josh Marshall)

Riots in Greece

KATHIMERINI

Sadness, rage and hopelessness. These were the feelings of every sensible Greek
last night, regardless of their political persuasions, as they watched the riots
unfold in Athens and other towns and cities around the country. Greece has gone
up in flames and the concept of democracy and law and order has been eliminated.
Within 48 hours, urban centres were transformed into war zones, while the
complete lack of a functioning state mechanism became blatantly obvious. Many
young people could be right to feel that they have been driven toward a
terrifying impasse by the Greek political classes, but what is paramount today
is the restoration of law, order and institutional democracy in every city.
Those who have proved themselves incapable of handling the crisis must resign.
(Editorial)

OPENHOUSE

Rolling comment on issues of the day by our top commentators
independent.co.uk/openhouse

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2008 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Arizona: Resident Legal Advisor - Ukraine

LENGTH: 1590  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Resident Legal Advisor - Ukraine
Criminal Division (CRM)
Office of Overseas Prosecutorial Development Assistance and Training
Attorney
Ukraine
14-CRM-DET-105
About the Office:

The mission of the Criminal Division's Office of Overseas Prosecutorial
Development, Assistance and Training (OPDAT) is to develop and administer
technical and developmental assistance designed to enhance the capabilities of
foreign justice sector institutions and their law enforcement personnel. This
assistance is administered in order to enable those institutions and their
personnel to more effectively combat terrorism, organized crime, corruption,
financial crimes and other types of crime in a manner consistent with the rule
of law. The assistance is also administered to enable those institutions and
their personnel to more effectively cooperate regionally and with the United
States in combating such crime.

http://www.usdoj.gov/criminal/opdat
Job Description:

The Resident Legal Advisor will represent the U.S. Department of Justice through
OPDAT's office in Kyiv, Ukraine, implementing foreign criminal justice sector
development and technical assistance programs with an anti-corruption focus. The
selected attorney will work closely with Ukrainian government officials and law
enforcement, including Justice Ministry officials, prosecutors, judges,
investigators, parliamentarians and others, to develop and implement a series
assistance projects aimed at combating corruption, including legislative
drafting, institution building and skills development training, based on
international standards (particularly Ukraine's binding obligations as a state
party to UN and council of Europe anti-corruption conventions) and best
practices. The RLA will work closely with OPDAT headquarters staff and officials
of the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID), and in-country U.S. and foreign authorities to ensure that such
assistance meets the needs of Ukraine while supporting Departmental and U.S.
policy objectives. The RLA will be responsible for assistance programs that
focus on both the enforcement and prevention aspects of corruption, including
standing up an independent corruption investigative agency, legislative reform,
ethics/conflicts of interest, financial disclosure and anti-corruption
prosecutor and investigator capacity building.
Qualifications:

Required: To qualify for this position, applicants must possess ALL of the
requirements below: A J.D. degree, be duly licensed and authorized to practice
as an attorney under laws of any State, territory of the United States, or the
District of Columbia, and be an active member of the bar in good standing.
Specific grade level requirements: GS-15: At least four (4) years of post J.D.
legal experience, to include four (4) years of prosecutorial experience at the
federal or state level. GS-14: At least three (3) years of post J.D. legal
experience, to included three (3) years of prosecutorial experience at the
federal or state level. Significant anti corruption experience (to be reflected
in the applicant's resume). Preferred: Applicants should have a thorough
understanding and practical knowledge of DOJ and other USG approaches and
policies involving transnational crimes and security and justice sector
development issues, including training and institution-building. Experience
living, working and/or training in an overseas environment is also desirable.
The successful applicant should have: ability to function effectively in an
international, multi-cultural environment; excellent interpersonal and
management skills; ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing;
extensive prosecution experience; and experience in bar activities teaching,
designing course curricula, and/or work with international development projects.

Salary:
Under a detail assignment, there is no change to the selectee's base pay. If
applicable, the selectee will receive appropriate post and overseas salary
differentials.
Travel:
Travel to/from Ukraine and within the country will be required.
Application Process:

While this vacancy announcement expires on December 15, 2014, the announcement
may be closed at any time if a selection is made. The Application Package must
be received by 11: 59 P.M., Eastern Time, on the closing date of this
announcement.

All interested attorneys meeting these qualifications should submit a cover
letter and resume to OPDAT_Admin@usdoj.gov
Email links icon
.
Application Deadline:
Monday, December 15, 2014
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses are authorized.
Number of Positions:
1

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Arizona: Resident Legal Advisor - Ukraine

LENGTH: 1589  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following job vacancy:

Resident Legal Advisor - Ukraine
Criminal Division (CRM)
Office of Overseas Prosecutorial Development Assistance and Training
Attorney
Ukraine
14-CRM-DET-105
About the Office:

The mission of the Criminal Division's Office of Overseas Prosecutorial
Development, Assistance and Training (OPDAT) is to develop and administer
technical and developmental assistance designed to enhance the capabilities of
foreign justice sector institutions and their law enforcement personnel. This
assistance is administered in order to enable those institutions and their
personnel to more effectively combat terrorism, organized crime, corruption,
financial crimes and other types of crime in a manner consistent with the rule
of law. The assistance is also administered to enable those institutions and
their personnel to more effectively cooperate regionally and with the United
States in combating such crime.

http://www.usdoj.gov/criminal/opdat
Job Description:

The Resident Legal Advisor will represent the U.S. Department of Justice through
OPDAT's office in Kyiv, Ukraine, implementing foreign criminal justice sector
development and technical assistance programs with an anti-corruption focus. The
selected attorney will work closely with Ukrainian government officials and law
enforcement, including Justice Ministry officials, prosecutors, judges,
investigators, parliamentarians and others, to develop and implement a series
assistance projects aimed at combating corruption, including legislative
drafting, institution building and skills development training, based on
international standards (particularly Ukraine's binding obligations as a state
party to UN and council of Europe anti-corruption conventions) and best
practices. The RLA will work closely with OPDAT headquarters staff and officials
of the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID), and in-country U.S. and foreign authorities to ensure that such
assistance meets the needs of Ukraine while supporting Departmental and U.S.
policy objectives. The RLA will be responsible for assistance programs that
focus on both the enforcement and prevention aspects of corruption, including
standing up an independent corruption investigative agency, legislative reform,
ethics/conflicts of interest, financial disclosure and anti-corruption
prosecutor and investigator capacity building.
Qualifications:

Required: To qualify for this position, applicants must possess ALL of the
requirements below: A J.D. degree, be duly licensed and authorized to practice
as an attorney under laws of any State, territory of the United States, or the
District of Columbia, and be an active member of the bar in good standing.
Specific grade level requirements: GS-15: At least four (4) years of post J.D.
legal experience, to include four (4) years of prosecutorial experience at the
federal or state level. GS-14: At least three (3) years of post J.D. legal
experience, to included three (3) years of prosecutorial experience at the
federal or state level. Significant anti corruption experience (to be reflected
in the applicant's resume). Preferred: Applicants should have a thorough
understanding and practical knowledge of DOJ and other USG approaches and
policies involving transnational crimes and security and justice sector
development issues, including training and institution-building. Experience
living, working and/or training in an overseas environment is also desirable.
The successful applicant should have: ability to function effectively in an
international, multi-cultural environment; excellent interpersonal and
management skills; ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing;
extensive prosecution experience; and experience in bar activities teaching,
designing course curricula, and/or work with international development projects.

Salary:
Under a detail assignment, there is no change to the selectee's base pay. If
applicable, the selectee will receive appropriate post and overseas salary
differentials.
Travel:
Travel to/from Ukraine and within the country will be required.
Application Process:

While this vacancy announcement expires on December 15, 2014, the announcement
may be closed at any time if a selection is made. The Application Package must
be received by 11: 59 P.M., Eastern Time, on the closing date of this
announcement.

All interested attorneys meeting these qualifications should submit a cover
letter and resume to OPDAT_Admin@usdoj.gov
Email links icon
.
Application Deadline:
Monday, December 15, 2014
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses are authorized.
Number of Positions:
1

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Attorney general candidates debate: Can more be done to fight corruption?

BYLINE: By Jamie Sotonoff jsotonoff@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 443 words


Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan prides herself on her consumer protection
record, collecting millions of dollars for the state by going after those who
defrauded Illinois residents, including utilities, large banks, scam artists and
more.

However, Madigan's challenger in the Nov. 4 election, Republican Paul Schimpf,
said during a Daily Herald editorial board interview that the attorney general's
office needs to be more than just a consumer watchdog. He said fighting
government corruption in Illinois should be a bigger part of what the attorney
general's office does.

"The office can, and should, do both," said Schimpf, a retired Marine and
attorney who helped prosecute Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein. "Government
corruption is one of the biggest threats that Illinois consumers face. We've
outsourced our anti-corruption efforts to the U.S. attorney's office, and I
don't think that's working out well for our state."

In a separate editorial board interview, Madigan countered that her office
doesn't have the jurisdiction to go after corruption in most cases, and usually
gets involved only when there's a conflict of interest, such as the recent
criminal indictment of the Rock Island County sheriff. Corruption tends to be
fought on a county level, by state's attorney's offices, in part because the
attorney general's office doesn't have tools like a grand jury, she said.

"If you really want to pursue a high-level criminal investigation, your
preference is going to be the U.S. attorney's office, or at least a state's
attorney's office where they do the criminal work," she said.

It's one of several areas where the two candidates disagree. Schimpf has
repeatedly questioned whether Madigan's office had a hand in any mismanagement
of funds in Gov. Pat Quinn's troubled anti-violence program, the Neighborhood
Recovery Initiative. Madigan staunchly defended her office, saying it had "no
role in the disbursement of money."

Madigan, a Chicago Democrat, is running for her fourth term as attorney general.
She's the daughter of House Speaker Mike Madigan, widely believed to be the most
powerful politician in Illinois. However, Lisa Madigan says she works
independently of her father, and in different branches of government.

"We don't bump into each other," she said.

Schimpf, from the small town of Waterloo, near St. Louis, says he is more of a
centrist than a Republican, and if he had to rank himself on a scale -- liberal
filmmaker Michael Moore being a 1 and conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh
being a 10 -- he'd be a 6 1/2 or 7.

"I don't have an ego," said Schimpf. "I'm just doing this because I think the
status quo isn't acceptable."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lisa Madigan and Paul Schimpf are running for Illinois attorney
general. Lisa Madigan and Paul Schimpf are running for Illinois attorney
general.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 25, 2005 Friday

BOOTED BIG SUES MTA

BYLINE: CLEMENTE LISI Transit Reporter

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 361 words


Former MTA Security Director Louis Anemone has sued the MTA and slammed transit
officials for "ruining his distinguished career" after he was accused of making
up a confidential informant in an internal corruption probe, according to a
lawsuit filed yesterday.

In a suit filed in Manhattan federal court, Anemone claims his reputation was
"sullied" by MTA Chairman Peter Kalikow and Inspector General Matthew Sansverie
when they accused him of corruption.

The lawsuit says Anemone helped uncover "serious and pervasive corruption"
within the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and that agency bosses turned
on him for uncovering the wrongdoing.

"Instead of being honored for his exemplary service, Mr. Anemone was severely
punished and defamed - all because he refused to stand by while others at the
MTA turned a blind eye to the corruption that permeated every level of the
agency," according to the suit.

Anemone and his deputy, Nicholas Casale, were ousted in May 2003 after Sansverie
accused them of making up a confidential informant in an investigation into
whether former Long Island Rail Road President Kenneth Bauer had taken gifts
from a contractor.

In a separate report, Sansverie also accused the duo of giving out unauthorized
badges and parking passes to members of an anti-terror board.

Anemone, a former NYPD chief who was hired by the MTA after 9/11, and Casale
later identified the informant as MTA labor chief Gary Dellaverson, but the
agency denied Dellaverson ever made charges against Bauer.

Anemone's suit does not include any monetary damages but says he has "suffered
and continues to suffer actual damages" in the forms of mental anguish, lost
wages and pain and suffering.

MTA spokesman Tom Kelly would not comment on the suit because the agency hadn't
seen it.

The inspector general's office said in December 2003 that Bauer had violated
state ethics law when he took gifts from Plasser American Corp., a
Virginia-based company that was awarded a $1.75 million contract to replace old
train parts.

Although the probe uncovered ethics violations, Sansverie said he found no
evidence the gifts were in exchange for the contract.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LOUIS ANEMONE Security chief "defamed."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 11, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

POLICE SUPERVISORS IN SURVEY FAIL TO IDENTIFY THEIR BOSSES

BYLINE: By TODD S. PURDUM

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 864 words


A survey of sergeants and lieutenants in the New York City Police Department has
found that many do not know the names of the patrol officers they supervise or
of the commanders in their boroughs, senior police officials said yesterday.

The officials said the preliminary results of the internal survey, which is
still in progress, raised serious concerns about the ability of the department's
frontline supervisors to identify and prevent misconduct and corruption among
officers.

Although the officials said they could not be certain if the pattern seen among
the first 22 supervisors interviewed persisted throughout the 3,200 supervisors
on the force, they said they were seriously concerned that it might.

Move to Deter Corruption

The survey is one of several efforts undertaken by the department to improve its
control of corruption hazards in the wake of the scandal in the 77th Precinct in
Brooklyn, where 13 current or former officers have been indicted on charges
ranging from stealing garbage cans to stealing and selling drugs. Twelve pleaded
not guilty and one committed suicide.

The officials made their comments in a background briefing for reporters and
editorial writers at John Jay College of Criminal Justice of the City University
in Manhattan. In the 90-minute breakfast meeting, the officials also made these
points:

* The department is broadening its anti-corruption efforts and will work more
with field commanders to prevent misconduct.

* Police officials are looking closely at several precincts, including the 9th
on the Lower East Side, the 34th in Washington Heights and the 44th in the
southwest Bronx, where heavy drug trafficking and complaints from residents
indicate there is the potential for corruption of the type of which officers in
the 77th Precinct are accused. But so far ''no indications of any widespread
corruption'' have been found in other precincts, one official said.

* The use of officers who act as informers for the Internal Affairs Division
will be expanded. Such officers, who are assigned regular duty in precincts,
have never been identified publicly. Now, the department will ask some to take
an active role in ''participating'' with officers suspected of corruption, and
then testifying at trials.

* A computer will be used to review the records of the 1,300 officers assigned
to the midnight-to-8 A.M. tour, when officials say corruption has most often
occurred. Officers deemed to have been on the tour too long are to be shifted to
break up partnerships.

Alice T. McGillion, the department's chief spokesman, said it would have no
comment on the statements made by officials at the meeting.

Also yesterday, one top police official said that Charles J. Hynes, the special
state prosecutor investigating the case has called an additional 25 members of
the 77th Precinct before a grand jury to seek more information about corruption
in the precinct. It was not clear if any of them were targets of the
investigation.

''Under the threat of perjury, possibly, I'm sure these officers will make known
whatever they have,'' the official said.

Interviews With Supervisors

Officials said the comments of the sergeants and lieutenants came in
questionnaires answered during recent interviews conducted in precincts around
the city by investigators from the Inspections Division. So far, 16 sergeants
and 6 lieutenants have been interviewed. The department intends to try to reach
all 2,200 sergeants and 1,000 lieutenants eventually.

The 22 supervisors interviewed were chosen to represent precincts throughout the
city, officials said. Only supervisors who had spent more than three months in
their precincts and had been with the department for several years were
included.

Many of those already interviewed, one official said, ''don't know the names of
their bosses, don't know the names of the cops in their squads, don't know the
names of the cops who have permission to work other jobs.''

But another official who was at the briefing said that word of the surveys had
''spread like wildfire,'' through the city's 75 precincts, and that the
questionnaires were posted on bulletin boards in some stationhouses.

''Hopefully in the last go around they'll get all the questions right,'' the
official said. ''The purpose of this is to jack up the quality of supervision.''


Getting Involved in Effort

Officials said the department had called a meeting of top commanders on Tuesday
to discuss the results of the survey and other matters relating to supervision.
They said the department plans to get supervisors more involved in assessing
corruption-prone officers and areas.

''Probably the most horrendous'' finding of the survey, one official said, was
that precinct captains, who have been required since the early 1970's to submit
annual reports assessing corruption threats in their precincts, have not
generally discussed those reports with their sergeants and lieutenants.

The official said the sergeants and lieutenants are ''the very people who have
to control these corruption hazards,'' and should be consulted as the reports
are written and their conclusions put into effect.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Texas: Top Ten International Anti-Corruption Developments for January 2016

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



   In order to provide an overview for busy in-house counsel and compliance
professionals, we summarize below some of the most important international anti-
corruption developments in the past month, with links to primary resources. For
our first installment of 2016, we ask: Which countries fared the best and worst
in Transparency International's annual Corruption Perceptions Index? Which OECD
member country was the latest to issue guidance on effective compliance
programs? What penalties did individuals and companies convicted of antibribery
offenses in the United States, Brazil, and the UK receive? The answers to these
questions and more are here in our January 2016 Top Ten list:





 1. Transparency International Releases Annual Corruption Perceptions Index. On
January 27, 2016, Transparency International (TI) released its annual Corruption
Perceptions Index (CPI). The CPI, which measures the perceived levels of public
sector corruption in 168 countries, provides one of the major data-points used
by compliance officers, outside counsel, and enforcement officials in assessing
the anticorruption risk of doing business in particular countries. Denmark came
out on top as being perceived as the least corrupt country, while North Korea
and Somalia tied for last place. Brazil saw one of the largest falls in rankings
(from 69 to 76), likely because of revelations that have surfaced during the
ongoing investigation into corruption related to state-oil company Petroleo
Brasiliero SA (Petrobras). According to TI, more countries improved their scores
in 2015 than experienced a decrease. However, two-thirds of all countries still
scored below 50--the mid-point between "perceived to be highly corrupt" (0) and
"perceived to be very clean" (100). TI considers scores below 50 to indicate
that a country has a "serious corruption problem."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE REGION;
$45 MILLION IN WATER PROJECTS APPROVED

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Gov. Nathan Deal's administration won approval Wednesday to invest $45 million
in water projects, including three reservoirs it contends could send more water
downstream to Alabama and Florida, states that say metro Atlanta uses too much.

A board voted to allocate roughly $40 million in funding for the Glades
Reservoir project in Hall County, Indian Creek Reservoir in Carroll County and
Richland Creek Reservoir in Paulding County.

State officials will now negotiate with local governments to determine how much
money each project gets.

Another $5 million is earmarked for a project testing water desalination in
coastal Georgia.

3 plead guilty in corruption case

COLUMBIA -- Three men, including a former South Carolina State University board
member, pleaded guilty Wednesday to bank fraud and conspiracy charges that
prosecutors say are part of an ongoing public corruption case.

Phillip Mims, Robert A. Williams and Lance Wright entered their pleas during a
hearing in federal court in Charleston.

Wright, 47, served on the board of the Orangeburg school from 2008 until he
resigned in May 2012.

In other news

MACY'S IS OPTING to use an artificial Christmas tree for its Lenox Square Mall
store in Atlanta. WXIA-TV reports that this year marks the first time it will
use an artificial tree instead of a real one for its annual "great tree."

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 25, 2009 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

GOP LOVING IT AS ARRESTS HURT GOV'S RE-ELEX BID

BYLINE: BY DAVID SALTONSTALL DAILY NEWS SENIOR CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 390 words


NEW JERSEY Republicans tried to hide their glee yesterday over a corruption
probe that could send many Democrats to jail - and GOPer Chris Christie to the
governor's office.

Christie, a former U.S. attorney running a strong challenge to Democratic Gov.
Jon Corzine, wasted little time putting up a new TV ad touting his suddenly
spot-on law-and-order background.

"I put corrupt public officials in jail - Republicans and Democrats," Christie
said in the ad. "As governor, I'll make the same tough, independent decisions."

Left unmentioned was that Christie, who left his Justice Department post seven
months ago, initiated the probe that led to bribery charges against dozens of
political insiders, most of them Democrats.

The sweep is unquestionably bad news for Corzine, who was not implicated, but
will have to explain how such wide-ranging corruption was allowed to flourish on
his watch, experts said.

"It is huge," said Steve Adubato, Jr., a Jersey political analyst and co-host of
a popular public affairs show, "Inside Trenton." "It now frames the governor's
race very clearly around the issue of political corruption."

Yesterday, Corzine called on all implicated officials - among them three mayors
and two state assemblymen - to resign their posts.

"I think the appearance, let alone the fact, means people ought to step aside,"
he said in Newark.

Corzine's comments came as allies also leaked word that he would name reformist
state Sen. Loretta Weinberg, a feisty 74-year-old, to be his lieutenant governor
today.

Earlier, Corzine unleashed the biggest Democrat of all - President Obama, who
wrote a letter in support of the ex-chairman of Wall St. powerhouse Goldman
Sachs.

"I hope to work with him for years to come," Obama wrote.

Many saw the presidential missive as a clear signal that Corzine had no
intention of stepping down.

Even before the arrests, Corzine was trailing Christie by 12 percentage points,
the most recent Quinnipiac University poll showed.

That's led some nervous Dems to mull possible replacements, among them Newark
Mayor Cory Booker, one insider told the Daily News. For now, even Republicans
expect Corzine to fight on.

"Nobody questions Corzine's personal ethics," said one GOP strategist. "But I
think people are starting to say he's done nothing to change the old rules of
the game."

dsaltonstall@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: N.J. Gov. Jon Corzine answers questions over corruption arrests at
festival in Newark's Lincoln Park. The scandal may help GOP rival Chris
Christie's bid for governor. Photo by Carmine Galasso/The Rec

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.

                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Seat sale - for Obama's old job; Illinois governor charged in corruption scheme

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich faced calls for his immediate resignation
yesterday after being charged in a "political corruption crime spree" that
prosecutors say included an elaborate scheme to sell or trade Barack Obama's
vacant Senate seat in exchange for an appointment as a U.S. ambassador or a
position in the president-elect's cabinet.

Blagojevich is said to have conspired for ways to secure personal gain from
Obama and others in return for naming a favoured candidate to fill the Illinois
Senate seat .

Under Illinois law, the governor is solely responsible for naming a successor
when a Senate seat is vacated.

In wiretapped conversations, it's alleged that Blagojevich was heard discussing
ways to use his power to win a job as Obama's health secretary, an ambassador's
posting or appointment to a $300,000-a-year position with a non-profit group or
national union. The plot also apparently included plans to get his wife named to
high-paying corporate directorships.

"The breadth of corruption laid out in these charges is staggering," said
Patrick Fitzgerald, the U.S. attorney in Chicago. "They allege that Blagojevich
put a 'for sale' sign on the naming of a United States senator."

He said Blagojevich's "conduct would make Lincoln roll over in his grave" and
was appalling even by the historically corrupt nature of Illinois politics.

"The complaint makes no allegations about the president-elect whatsoever," said
Fitzgerald, who gained renown with his prosecutions of Canadian media baron
Conrad Black and White House aide Lewis (Scooter) Libby.

Blagojevich and his chief of staff, John Harris, face charges of conspiracy to
commit mail and wire fraud and solicitation of bribery.

The 51-year-old governor, serving his second term in office, has been under
federal investigation for several years over alleged "pay-to-play" schemes that
involved providing political favours in exchange for financial contributions.

According to an FBI affidavit, Blagojevich repeatedly mused that he might
appoint himself to the U.S. Senate if he could not secure a deal with Obama.

The charges against Blagojevich also deal with alleged efforts to engineer the
firing of the Chicago Tribune's editorial board - which has written unfavourably
about the governor - in exchange for providing the newspaper's parent company
help in the sale of Wrigley Field. The Tribune Company owns the baseball
stadium.

Blagojevich is also alleged to have withheld $8 million in funding for a
children's hospital while trying to leverage a political contribution from its
chief executive officer.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: JIM WATSON, AFP/GETTY IMAGES; Governor Rod Blagojevich between
Barack Obama and Florida Governor Charlie Crist at a meeting on Dec. 2. ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             January 2, 2015 Friday

Cuomo's Albany cleanup stalls as new term begins amid probes

LENGTH: 822  words


Andrew Cuomo, who rode into his first term with a promise to clean up New York's
capital, may need a bigger vacuum for his second term.
The governor, who in November became the first Democrat re-elected to lead the
Empire State since his father won a third-term in 1990, will be sworn in
Thursday to his second term. As Cuomo marches into another four years, Manhattan
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara is probing his administration for meddling with and
shutting down an anti-corruption panel.


Bharara is also investigating Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, D, the most
influential state lawmaker, over payments made to him by a law firm that
specializes in tax appeals, the New York Times reported Dec. 29. Tom Libous, a
top-ranking Republican senator, was indicted this year on charges that he lied
to federal agents. John Sampson, a former Democratic Senate leader, is facing
corruption charges. Both have pleaded not guilty.
Bharara, who has picked up where the anti-corruption commission left off with
its investigation of lawmakers, has said more charges may be coming.
Clearly, the governor shouldn't put the broom and bucket in the closet, said
Blair Horner, the legislative director for New York Public Interest Research
Group, a government watchdog organization. He still has a lot of work to do.
Corruption in Albany has overshadowed some of Cuomo's accomplishments, including
a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the fourth-most-populous state and the
first four consecutive on-time budgets since 1977. He created the anti-
corruption panel, called a Moreland Commission, in July 2013, after two
senators, including Sampson, and one assemblyman were indicted in separate
corruption cases earlier that year.
Cuomo, 57, disbanded the commission in March after lawmakers approved a unit to
investigate election-law violations, among other new ethics rules. Now, as
Bharara investigates his administration after aides tried to stop Moreland
members from probing his campaign and supporters in the real estate industry,
Cuomo is pressing for more ethics changes.
There's a fog descending on the legislature, and it's pervasive, said Doug
Muzzio, a political-science professor at Baruch College in Manhattan. This
corruption isn't isolated individuals. It's part of the DNA of the organization.

Jim Margolin, a spokesman for Bharara, didn't return an e- mail and phone
message seeking comment on the Silver investigation.
This month, Cuomo said he won't approve a pay raise lawmakers want, which would
be their first in 15 years, unless they agree to limits on the $172-per-day
stipends they get while in Albany and restrictions on using campaign funds on
personal items.  They can't be serious if they think I'm going to support a pay
raise without reform, Cuomo told reporters in Albany Dec. 17. That is a
non-starter for me.
After the commission was shut down, it turned over its work to Bharara. Among
the panel's targets were the outside jobs held by lawmakers. Silver, who makes
$121,000 annually as speaker, earned at least $650,000 last year as an attorney
with the personal-injury firm Weitz & Luxenberg, according to his
financial-disclosure filings.
That firm was among about a half-dozen subpoenaed by the Moreland Commission
last year, according to New York state court filings. The panel was seeking
records of lawmakers' clients. The law firms collectively moved to quash them,
filings show. The cases were dropped after Cuomo disbanded the commission.
The Times reported that Bharara is investigating Silver's ties to Goldberg &
Iryami P.C., a Manhattan firm that isn't named in the speaker's financial
disclosure reports.
The firm's two attorneys, Jay Arthur Goldberg and Dara Iryami, didn't return
telephone calls seeking comment. Michael Whyland, a spokesman for Silver,
declined to comment.
It's extraordinary that the legislature continues to ignore these kinds of
problems, said Susan Lerner, who heads Common Cause New York, a government
watchdog. Legislators should know that they need to improve the public's
confidence in the ethical standards in Albany, and continuing to pretend there's
no problem, or the problem will handle itself, doesn't help.
This isn't the first time Silver has been scrutinized in public. Questions about
his handling of sexual-assault accusations against a former top aide have
followed him since the allegations were made in 2001 and 2003. Last year, he was
criticized by a state ethics panel for protecting a Brooklyn assemblyman accused
of sexual harassment.
The Times said Silver has been the focus of previous federal investigations,
none of which resulted in charges.
Failing to disclose outside work could become the most serious charge Silver has
faced, said John Kaehny, executive director of Reinvent Albany, a group that
fights for greater transparency in the capital.
It's cut and dried whether or not he disclosed this income, Kaehny said. 2014
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                             July 11, 2013 Thursday
                                   E2 Edition

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 300 words


Crackdown |on corruption

The SA Chamber of Commerce and Industry called yesterday for a crackdown on
corruption.

"Sacci calls on all stakeholders to crack down on corruption on every level for
the sake of social cohesion and economic growth," said chief executive Naren
Rau.

Transparency International's latest Global Corruption Barometer indicated that,
between 40 and 50 percent of South Africans paid a bribe over the past year.

"This puts South Africa at roughly twice the global average of around 25
percent. Bribery and corruption erodes the very foundation of society and
dampens economic growth and job creation."

Rau said bribery was not only an additional cost to the economy, but also an
additional tax on the private sector, and the most vulnerable members of society
were often the most exposed. - Sapa

Apple in antitrust case set for trial

NEW YORK: In a decision that could reshape how electronic books are sold |on the
internet, a federal judge ruled that Apple Inc conspired to raise the |retail
prices of e-books,|and ordered a trial on damages.

The decision by US District Judge Denise Cote in Manhattan is a victory for the
US Department of Justice and 33 US states that brought the antitrust case.

Apple and its lawyer did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

The Justice Department had no immediately comment. - Reuters

Cybermercenaries in demand

LONDON: A British intelligence report said that other nations were hiring
hackers to launch attacks against their enemies.

The warning over cybermercenaries came in an annual report published yesterday
by Britain's Intelligence and Security Committee, a watchdog body of senior
politicians that oversees Britain's spy agencies.

The report also covered issues of domestic terrorism, nuclear proliferation and
counterintelligence. - Sapa-AP

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                            October 5, 1999, Tuesday

US grilling  for Games chief over corruption

BYLINE: Natasha Bita

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 596 words


UNDER threat of an FBI subpoena, Olympic president Juan Antonio Samaranch
yesterday agreed to testify before a United States Congress inquiry into Olympic
Games corruption.

But Mr Samaranch told the Congress committee he was too busy to attend hearings
next month and could fly to the US only after the International Olympic
Committee agreed on anti-corruption reforms in mid-December.

"I am not nervous," he said after an IOC board meeting in Athens yesterday. "I
am very comfortable.

"But the 14th of October is impossible for me. And I think I have to go to the
US with a solution in my pocket."

IOC first vice-president Dick Pound has revealed that some IOC members are
nervous about visiting the US in case the FBI tries to question them about
corruption.

The US Congress sub-committee on investigations is inquiring into what its
chairman, Fred Upton, describes as a "culture of corruption" within the Olympic
movement.

Mr Upton wants Mr Samaranch to explain how the IOC chooses host cities for the
Games, after fresh evidence that Atlanta offered IOC delegates lavish gifts and
travel in the hope of winning their votes for the 1996 Games.

Mr Upton threatened to subpoena Mr Samaranch if he refused to testify _ forcing
the IOC executive board to review meetings planned in Colorado Springs and Salt
Lake City next year to avoid its members being grilled by FBI investigators.

The IOC's 103 members will meet in Switzerland in December to debate major
changes to the way host cities for the Games are chosen.

A reform group has recommended the retirement age for members be dropped from 80
to 70 and that 15 younger, active athletes elected by Olympic competitors be
made fully-fledged IOC members.

It wants to ban members from visiting cities bidding to host the Games to avoid
any perception of or opportunity for bribery.

The IOC expelled four members and gave serious warnings to Australian delegate
Phil Coles and Korean Un Yong Kim in March after finding they had accepted
lavish gifts and travel from Salt Lake City while it was bidding for the 2002
Winter Games.

Salt Lake City organising committee chief Mitt Rimney said yesterday he might
pursue Mr Coles for $65,000 in gifts and travel provided by the city's bid team.

Salt Lake City has sent Mr Coles an invoice for the amount but he has stated he
will not pay it _ despite offering to do so during the IOC investigation into
his actions.

Mr Samaranch yesterday hailed the "great success" of Australia's ticket sales
for the 2000 Games in Sydney.

He said sports-loving Australians had bought more tickets a year before the
Games than other nations had sold at the same time before past Olympics.

"This is a great success. With the sale of the tickets, it is a record one year
before the Games," he said.

Mr Samaranch said the IOC would buy back tickets from anyone unhappy about
last-minute changes to the athletics schedule imposed by his arch-rival,
International Amateur Athletics Federation president Primo Nebiolo.

"Maybe some people who bought tickets will not be very happy," he said. "If
these tickets are returned (to SOCOG) but not resold, the IOC will rebuy them."

After meeting organisers for the Sydney, Salt Lake City and Athens Games in
Athens yesterday, Mr Samaranch praised the Sydney preparations. But he alluded
to problems with the Greek capital's slow progress, hampered by management
turmoil and the recent earthquake.

"The public is getting nervous," he said. "But we have the assurance that all is
on time and we have to believe our Greek friends."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            December 22, 2013 Sunday

Joe Muench: Early cooperators got leniency in corruption cases

BYLINE: By Joe Muench / El Paso Times

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 578 words


Musing about some of the sentences handed down to guilty parties in the El Paso
public corruption saga while asking this question: Is it my TV set or is Betti
Flores' hair really that beet red?

Flores drew five years probation and a $25,000 fine after admitting to taking
bribes while she was a member of county Commissioners Court. We're not exactly
sure what attorney Travis Ketner got for his admission of guilt in another phase
of the scandal, but we do know he's reported to be back at work as an attorney;
Ketner, Esq., now lives and works in San Antonio.

What both have in common is they were among the first to cooperate with the
prosecution.

Some would call it singing like a canary. But it was the right thing to do.

Another was Fernando Parra, who is free today after a sentence of "time served."
He was behind bars for five months. Top prosecutor Debra Kanoff lauded Parra,
saying he was one of two people "who brought us Garcca." That would be former
EPISD Superintendent Lorenzo Garcca, now serving prison time.

Parra had also worked as an assistant in the District Clerk's Office. That would
be under former District Clerk Gilbert Sanchez, who is also in prison.

Do the crime, but if you don't want to do the proverbial time, raise your hand
and say, "I did it -- and he did it, too."

What may be a negative here is that it took co-conspirators to rat out those who
were making money via public corruption. People not guilty of crimes, but who
knew what was going on, didn't come forward. That's one reason this saga has
been dragging on for years.

It appears the stores have caved in to those demanding this be "Happy Holidays"
season and not "Merry Christmas." Sad. So I have some suggestions. I think some
businesses would get a lot of positive feedback if they ... OK, here's an
example: For the month of December, Holiday Inn calls itself Christmas Inn.
Holiday Cruise Lines goes to Christmas Cruise Lines.

"Holiday" gets all the "holidays," anyway. OK, save Christmas and Easter. New
Year's Day is a holiday. Memorial Day. Fourth of July. Labor Day. Thanksgiving.

It's too bad Christmas Island is not a U.S. protectorate. It's technically under
the wing of Australia out in the South Pacific. Since it's just a little dot on
the water, we might have been able to cut a deal with those against "Merry
Christmas." We would agree to change its name to Holiday Island. But we wouldn't
change the name of its capital city because it's such a cool name, Flying Fish
Cove.

Holy smokes! UTEP lost to New Orleans in basketball? And after all the tough
coaching by Tim Floyd? And after actually having defeated Tennessee and playing
close with Kansas in that Bahamas tournament.

Suggestion to the Miner who screwed up the most: Raise your hand and say, "I did
it -- and he did it, too."

I wonder if the people of Jucrez are complaining that some $800 million in new
projects is about to happen there? We've got people here who don't want
progress.

Speaking of: Should Eddie Holguin somehow win the next county judge election,
will he bring in Jaime O. Perez as a right-hand man? Dunno, but Perez and
Holguin have teamed during Holguin's long run on City Council.

I was going to say there's no way Holguin will defeat incumbent County Judge
Veronica Escobar. And that he might even come in third behind the other
challenger, businesswoman Aliana Apodaca.

I was going to say that, but then I read: New Orleans 71, UTEP 69.

Joe Muench may be reached at jmuench7@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 28, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Former Officer Convicted in Corruption Case

BYLINE: By ADAM NOSSITER

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 398 words


A former New York City police officer who was implicated in the corruption and
brutality scandal in the Bronx's 48th Precinct was convicted yesterday of
charges stemming from a corruption sting.

The officer, John Lowe, is the second of 16 officers accused in the scandal to
be convicted, and the first from the 48th Precinct. He was found guilty of
making a punishable false written statement, a misdemeanor that could draw a
sentence of up to one year in prison, after a nonjury trial in front of Acting
Justice John Collins of State Supreme Court in the Bronx.

Mr. Lowe, the son of a former police officer, was caught up in a sweeping
corruption investigation of the mid-Bronx precinct dating back to late 1993.
That investigation grew out of the work of the Mollen Commission, appointed to
investigate police wrongdoing, which had been tipped that rogue officers manning
the night shift were engaging in lawless behavior.

Mr. Lowe's indictment came after a sting in which the Police Department's
Internal Affairs Bureau hid guns, cash and drugs in an apartment monitored by
surveillance cameras. Mr. Lowe admitted he lied in stating, in a Criminal Court
affidavit, that what he found in the apartment was in plain sight, rather than
the result of an illegal search.

The indictments last May were a significant embarrassment for the department,
coming on the heels of a major corruption and brutality scandal in the 30th
Precinct. A dozen incidents were cited in court papers, including a case in
which two officers were accused of stealing $400 of a man's Christmas gift
money, and another in which a sergeant was accused of putting a gun in a
suspect's mouth and threatening to kill him if he reported police brutality.

"John Lowe's conduct strikes a direct blow at the heart of the criminal justice
system," Mr. Johnson said in a statement yesterday. "We will seek an appropriate
sentence of incarceration in the hope that other officers are deterred from
engaging in similar unlawful behavior in the future."

Sentencing was set for Jan. 30. Mr. Lowe awaits trial on an assault charge
stemming from an incident in which he is said to have used excessive force on a
drug suspect.

The only other officer convicted in the scandal, Scott Kleeman of the 40th
Precinct, pleaded guilty to third degree insurance fraud after falsely claiming
that his car had been stolen.


LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           October 9, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Best practices for fighting corruption; Here's a sample of how other major North
American cities offer transparency

BYLINE: LINDA GYULAI, The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 1087 words


Fighting corruption is on every mayoral candidate's lips, but how each proposes
to clean up the sleaze may seem like a cacophony of similarsounding measures.
Since transparency is a bulwark against corruption, The Gazette asked the camps
of the four leading mayoral candidates - Richard Bergeron, Denis Coderre, Marcel
Côté and Mélanie Joly - to draft proposals (see below) to improve openness and
accountability that they would implement if elected, so readers can compare for
themselves.

As a counter-weight, here are five proposals based on a curation of best
practice guidelines and samples of practices in other cities in North America:

1. Make the city's annual operating budget open, comprehensive and accountable.
The World Bank and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
(OECD) favour the participatory budget because the process of developing a
budget with public input allows citizens to influence decisionmakers and hold
government accountable.

The budget should include performance indicators and comparable year-to-year
data. Example: how many trees to be planted, kilometres of road to be repaved,
etc.

Following OECD guidelines for budget transparency, Montreal should disclose:

A pre-budget report with the city's long-term objectives and its intentions for
the coming budget and the next two.

Monthly reports to show progress in implementing the budget and comparison with
the budget forecast for revenue and expenditure. Significant differences must be
explained.

A mid-year report with an updated forecast for the current financial year and
the next two. (Montreal is required under the Cities and Towns Act to produce a
midyear statement of revenues and expenditures.)

An audited year-end report. (Already, Montreal must produce such an audited
report. In early 2013, the city chose to expand to three mid-year statements and
a year-end report.)

A pre-election report showing the state of city finances, released no later than
two weeks before an election to inform and stimulate public debate.

A long-term report every five years to assess the pertinence of city policies
and budgetary impact of demographic and other potential changes over 10 to 40
years.

2. Disclose the names of all subcontractors working for firms that win city
contracts and create an online database of city contracts. When the city or a
borough council awards a municipal contract, the winning firm may wind up
subcontracting some part of the work to other companies without councillors'
knowledge, The Gazette revealed last year. The city keeps no records or database
of subcontractors.

Yet experts say it's essential for subcontracting to be out in the open because
one way to detect bid-rigging schemes is to see the losing bidders show up as
subcontractors.

Cities around the U.S. have developed contract databases. Examples include:
Chicago and the New York City comptroller's office (checkbooknyc.com, which also
continually tracks budget spending). Philadelphia bans individuals and companies
whose directors, executives and partners make political donations above a
certain limit to an incumbent or winning candidate from participating in most
non-competitively bid city contracts, subcontracts and from receiving grants.

The open-data group Montréal Ouvert is asking the mayoral candidates to answer a
transparency questionnaire in which they pledge to make public all contracts,
zoning changes and meetings between elected officials and people doing business
with the city. For more visit: jvt2013.com

3. Make all urban-planning and other council committee meetings open to the
public (and not just the city executive committee). Most of the candidates talk
about maintaining open meetings of Montreal's most powerful decision-making
body, the city executive committee (which began informally a year ago). However,
provincial law still permits a host of municipal bodies to meet in secret,
including the island council's public-safety committee, which oversees the
Montreal police, and the urban-planning committees in each of Montreal's 19
boroughs. An urban-planning committee examines real estate projects and zoning
requests and makes recommendations to the borough council.

All public municipal bodies should be required to meet in public, with provision
for incamera sessions where the need for confidentiality can be proven. The
open-door policy of city executive committee and other committee meetings should
be entrenched in the city charter.

4. Make all internal documents relating to city and borough council resolutions
available to the public online.

The Projet Montréal administration in Plateau-Mont-Royal borough began
publishing civil service reports that accompany resolutions on meeting agendas
online during the past mandate, a practice that recently spread to Ville-Marie
borough and Côte-des-Neiges-N.D.G. borough. The documents explain the background
of any decision voted by the council, including the cost and justification. The
documents are by nature public once a resolution is passed - for example, a
member of the public can visit the archives room at Montreal city hall to
examine the civil service report relating to any city council or executive
committee resolution during open hours. It makes sense for such information to
be available online prior to all city and borough council meetings and without
having to file a written request with a borough or making a special trip to city
hall.

5. Send all borough contracts that are above/below estimates or awarded without
a call for tenders to the city's contracts committee for review.

Montreal injected some scrutiny into the contractawarding process in 2011,
setting up a council committee that examines certain municipal contracts before
they're awarded. The multi-party panel, which meets behind closed doors, reviews
contracts worth more than $10 million and supply contracts over $2 million and
consulting contracts over $1 million if they're awarded without a call for
tenders, awarded to a consortium, awarded despite a difference of 20 per cent
between the lowest bid and the city's estimate or between the lowest and
second-lowest bids, if they're being renewed for a third consecutive time or if
they involve a transaction where the agreed-upon amount is not the market value.

The committee only reviews five to 10 per cent of all city council and island
council contracts. The categories could be widened, and the same vetting should
be required of borough-level contracts.

lgyulai@montrealgazette.com Twitter: CityHallReport

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARIE-FRANCE COALLIER, THE GAZETTE; Montreal keeps no records or
database of subcontractors, but cities around the U.S. do.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            October 25, 2015 Sunday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC Greene Gary

SECTION: 4,D; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 722 words


Dear Mr. Berko: I bought 100 shares of VimpelCom at $10 in early 2014, and
almost two years later, it s $4.25. I was told that VimpelCom s fall in price
was related to management s buying favors from government officials. I figured
that this is a foreign company and that I shouldn t be surprised. It happens
with corporations in Russia, Mexico and South America but seldom in the United
States. My pastor, who thinks I m naive, says,  The sins of greed and bribery
hold hands with all executives in the corporate world, especially in the U.S.  I
find it hard to believe about Americans. American executives earn generous
salaries and bonuses and give large sums of money to charities. Their names are
in the public eye, so how could this possibly be true?   JT, Durham, N.C.

Dear JT: I should send this letter to Annie s Mailbox, where you could find a
better-qualified answer to your naive question. You re in la-la land with a
serious reality problem, probably exacerbated by your smoking joints over the
past several dozen years. It s hard to believe that you find this hard to
believe. But because another reader recently asked about VimpelCom, I ll answer
the question.

In  All the King s Men,  Robert Penn Warren wrote,  Man is conceived in sin and
born in corruption and he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of
the shroud.  If you can t accept this Calvinistic theology, please read the
morning paper or watch the evening news. Congress is a glittering example of
corruption, as are the legislatures in our 50 states. Observe the consuming
avarice of Wall Street, the naked cupidity of America s banks and the grasping
greed of corporate America. Americans are masters at this. Corruption and
bribery may seem worse in Russia, Malaysia, Nicaragua and Mexico, but they re
not. Americans are more sophisticated at graft and paying kickbacks and bribes.
America has more lawyers per capita than any country except Greece to smooth the
process. We have about 1.3 million lawyers, which is one lawyer for every 245 of
us. France only has 46,000 lawyers, which is one lawyer for every 1,435
citizens.

Los Angeles alone has more than that   54,000 lawyers. News of a bribery scandal
involving VimpelCom (VIP-$4.20) broke in February 2014. I m not surprised that
Gulnara Karimova, the lovely daughter of the president of Uzbekistan, is accused
of accepting huge payments from several telecom companies looking to secure
wireless licenses and related advantages in Uzbekistan. Law enforcement
officials say Karimova was caught with her fingers in the chak chak jar, being
the  bag person  for her daddy, President Islam Karimov, who s smooth as
licorice.

I recommended Vimpel, which rhymes with simple, two years ago at $10, not
knowing that European authorities and our Justice Department were investigating
corporate bribes. VIP s management is accused of paying hundreds of millions of
dollars to Karimova for favors to be secured from Uzbekistan. Now U.S.
authorities are seeking to seize billions in assets in their probe of VIP and
TeliaSonera, the dominant mobile company in Sweden. Unfortunately, there are not
enough lawyers in Sweden or Uzbekistan to ensure that bribery transactions flow
smoothly. Still, those alleged payments to Karimova pale in comparison with
payments made to members of Congress by foreign nationals, influential citizens
and lobbyists, all seeking influence. And those payments pale in comparison with
payments made by Union Carbide, Wal-Mart, Johnson & Johnson, Ralph Lauren,
Deere, News Corp., GlaxoSmithKline, Hewlett-Packard, Avon Products, Koch
Industries et al. (the list is quite long), all of which were seeking special
treatment. How do you think the executives at the above companies and those at
Bank of New York Mellon, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Merrill
Lynch, HSBC, Citigroup, General Motors, Quicken Loans et al. were able to stay
out of prison? The answer is: their lawyers.

Meanwhile, consider owning another 100 shares. This $15 billion-revenue company
trades at 10 times expected 2016 earnings, and Merrill Lynch recently put a  buy
recommendation on VIP. The consensus on the Street suggests a high target price
of $10 in 18 months.

Address your financial questions to Malcolm Berko, P.O. Box 8303, Largo, FL
33775, or email him at mjberko@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 2, 1995, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

MONEY FOR THE DEFENSE

BYLINE: Paul Leavitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 139 words


Gene and Lina Brancaccio of Fort Pierce, Fla., lost their home and sold their
business to pay for their son's insanity defense in his murder trial, then won a
$ 2.82 million lottery prize Sunday. A judge last week had delayed the trial of
Victor Brancaccio, 18, to let the family raise $ 75,000. He's accused of beating
a 78-year-old woman who criticized rap music he played on a radio.

ALSO WEDNESDAY . . .

-- POLICE CORRUPTION: New York police officer John Arena, 33, was acquitted in
the first trial of 29 officers accused in the department's worst corruption
scandal. Prosecutors relied on testimony of George Nova, a cop with a history of
lying under oath. Defense lawyer Richard Lind said the verdict destroys Nova as
a witness. Contributing: Shannon Tangonan, Gary Fields, Carrie Dowling and
Debbie Howlett

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           December 20, 1971, Monday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 6

LENGTH: 100 words

Knapp Comm chmn Knapp discloses that he has met privately with Mayor Lindsay to
discuss comm's investigation into police corruption and alleged failure of
Lindsay adm aides to act on specific charges of corruption, TV int; says that 1
of results of meeting was that both he and Lindsay agreed that Lindsay should
not testify at hearings because it would be 'pol fiasco' in sense that it would
divert attention from comm's efforts to reduce corruption; says that main reason
for meeting with Lindsay was to question him about steps taken after allegations
of corruption were presented to J Kriegel

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             June 22, 1971, Tuesday

SECTION: Page 31, Column 3

LENGTH: 99 words

NYC Police Comr Murphy names Deputy Inspector William T Bonacum to head 5th Div
in Harlem, unit he broke up after its failure to locate illegal bottle club, he
broke up but stresses there is no evidence of corruption against men involved,
news conf; men upset at being linked to corruption although charges are only
inefficiency; some comment; Michael M A Armstrong, chief counsel of Knapp Comm
probing police corruption, lauds Murphy action, says comm has studied links
between police, gamblers and owners of some bottle clubs in area; says 7 of 20
men have been questioned previously by comm

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The Providence Journal, R.I.

                            January 8, 2006, Sunday

The Providence Journal, R.I., business notes column

BYLINE: By John Kostrzewa

LENGTH: 1176 words



CARCIERI SEES POSITIVES IN CORRUPTION PROBE: Governor Carcieri says the
corruption that continues to infect Rhode Island "never helps" the state's
economic development.

Carcieri responded to a question on Thursday, just before the announcement that
Roger Williams Medical Center and three current and former health care
executives were charged in a federal investigation into influence peddling at
the State House.

The federal indictments are part of the ongoing probe into former Rhode Island
Sen. John Celona's use of his public office to influence legislation and perform
favors. The investigation is also looking into ties between Celona and CVS Corp.
and Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island.

Asked about corruption in Rhode Island, Carcieri said, "Those things never help,
because it is how the state is seen.

"Now the plus on it is if these things are being dealt with, if there are
actions being taken to clean it up, that's viewed as a positive thing.

"I think on balance that's the way I view it, and there's a different climate
about the city of Providence. There's a different attitude about the state
generally. The fact that these things are being uncovered and being pursued and
that people are being held accountable, I think it's a positive message. You
wish it didn't happen."


ONCE-HOT KRISPY KREME TURNS COLD: Nick Janikies seemed to have the Midas touch
with restaurants, turning the first Burger King he opened in 1969 into a chain
of 76, with 60 of them in New England.

But his plan to bring the once-hot Krispy Kreme doughnut chain to New England
has been anything but a success.

Jan Cos., his company based in Cranston, held the franchise rights to open 16
Krispy Kremes in New England. But only eight actually opened, and after a burst
of mouth-watering interest, customer appetite waned.

Kripsy Kreme, based in North Carolina, bought most of the stores back, leaving
Jan with only one, at the Mohegan Sun Casino in Connecticut.

Another Jan effort, to bring 45 Noodles & Company restaurants, based in
Colorado, to New England, also has been scotched.

But Janikies is still pitching.

After buying Newport Creamery out of bankruptcy court for $ 1.55 million in
2001, he's trying to revitalize and convert the chain with a new concept, called
Newport Cafe. And he has petitioned the Cranston City Council for a liquor
license for the restaurant in Garden City.


MASS. GETS A NEW LINK TO CHINA: While it may be years before the fight over
airport runway expansion is decided at T.F. Green Airport, allowing flights
across the United States, passengers at Logan International Airport are on their
way to China.

Hainan Airlines Co. said it will begin direct flights from Boston to Shanghai
and Beijing for both cargo and passengers this year.

The flights will be a boon to company owners seeking to do business in China or
looking for another way to ship products there.

Exports of Massachusetts-based companies' products to China rose to $ 1.4
billion in 2004, twice as much as in 2002.


WILL BIG APPLE COMPANIES WELCOME DAMON? Johnny Damon, the former Red Sox
centerfielder who left Boston for a big contract with the New York Yankees, was
a marketers' dream in New England, signing on with Dunkin' Donuts, Gillette and
DHL.

But how much money he makes pitching products in New York -- alongside
well-known players such as Alex Rodriquez, Derek Jeter and Gary Sheffield -- has
marketing experts guessing.

Steve Maurano, senior vice president and partner at Duffy & Shanley, in
Providence, said it may take some time for Damon to land endorsement deals,
based on his performance.

"If he comes in and lights it up, he may be able (to land some contracts) by the
All-Star break," he said.

But Maurano added that if Damon starts taking money away from the other stars,
it could cause tension on the bench, which would disrupt the team and its
ability to win.

We can only hope.


CONNECTICUT LAWMAKERS MULL TAX CUTS: Connecticut Gov. M. Jodi Rell and state
legislative leaders are looking at cutting taxes for corporations. The state's
growing surplus is now projected at $ 525 million, giving Rell and lawmakers an
opportunity to approve some form of tax cut. The Republican governor and leaders
of the Democratic-controlled legislature have not agreed on a particular plan.

House Speaker James Amann told about 500 business executives at a conference
that he would consider a plan that cuts or eliminates the corporate tax
surcharge, a tax increase that has angered business leaders and is expected to
generate between $ 65 million and $ 70 million this year.

House Republican leader Robert Ward, R-Northford, agreed that the corporate
surcharge should be reduced or eliminated. He also said lawmakers should
eliminate a new estate-and-gift tax on estates of more than $ 2 million that was
imposed retroactively for those who died after Jan. 1, 2005.

Judd Everhart, Rell's spokesman, said the governor proposed phasing out the
corporate tax surcharge last year, but it was rejected.


CVS REPORTS 21-PERCENT SALES JUMP: While some retailers struggled during the
holiday season, leaving limp sales for the year, CVS Corp., of Woonsocket, last
week reported total sales for the 52-week period ending Dec. 31 increased 21.0
percent to $ 37.0 billion, compared with $ 30.6 billion in 2004. Same store
sales for the 52-week period increased 6.5 percent over the prior year period.
Pharmacy same store sales increased 7.0 percent, while front-end same store
sales increased 5.5 percent.


AFTER THE BELL

--Just as it gets colder, 18 of the 37 workers at a thermal underwear plant in
Wolfeboro, N.H., called Wickers Sportswear, are being laid off. The reason --
competition from overseas textile plants.

--Joe Paterno, 79, who has coached Penn State for 40 years and won the
triple-overtime Orange Bowl game against Florida State, is a graduate of Brown
University.

--George Grayboys, retired chief executive at Citizens Bank, was elected
chairman of the board of The Rhode Island Foundation, succeeding Pablo
Rodriguez.

--All-Star pitcher Roger Clemens is opening Roger Clemens' Rocket Sports Grill
in Houston, and plans frachises in several cities, including Boston, where he
once pitched for the Sox. Some say they should put him back in the rotation.


With reports from Journal staff writers Paul Grimaldi and Andrea Stape and the
Associated Press.

John Kostrzewa is the Journal's business editor. Share an anecdote or quip from
the world of business and finance by sending it to pjbiz@projo.com.


-----

To see more of the The Providence Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.projo.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Providence Journal, R.I.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  CVS, KKD,

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: PJ-BIZ-NOTES-20060108

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                  Copyright 2006 The Providence Journal, R.I.

                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              April 5, 2009 Sunday
                                 FIRST EDITION

corruption at Village Hall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: 0


WASHINGTON PARK - About a dozen people marched on Village Hall Friday night,
saying they are tired of corruption under Mayor John Thornton.

The marchers were met in the Village Hall parking lot by Thornton and a cadre of
supporters, who said that some of the marchers were Canteen Township officials
and that they were the ones guilty of corruption and ignoring problems in
Washington Park.

The marchers cited the case of a payroll clerk sentenced last month to 18 months
in federal prison for embezzlement. The woman wore a wire that netted another
indictment, against her boss, a mayoral assistant charged last month. They also
complained about a current mayoral assistant who was sentenced to prison time
for stealing funds from a nonprofit organization in the mid-1990s.

Thornton defended his administration, denying corruption and saying he and
allies had cleaned up the city. He portrayed the march as political theater
ahead of Tuesday's election.

ST. LOUIS > City treasurer to lay off 73 - St. Louis Treasurer Larry Williams
said Friday that his office would lay off 73 employees, most of whom are
responsible for installing and maintaining parking meters. The terminations,
which are effective June 1, represent a significant chunk of the 212 or so
employees on the treasurer's payroll. Williams attributed the cuts to declining
revenue.

"After a long study, I have concluded that I can best maintain high quality of
services with less available revenue by reorganizing my office," Williams said
in a statement. The move marked the first time a City Hall department has made
broad layoffs in response to the nation's economic woes.

ST. LOUIS - Ballots hand-delivered - The St. Louis City Election Board
hand-delivered 73 absentee ballots Friday after learning that a mistake by the
post office would prevent them from being delivered by Saturday. The Postal
Service sent the ballots to the wrong post office; the election board didn't
receive them until last week. The election is Tuesday.

Absentee ballots must be cast in person at the election board, 300 North Tucker
Boulevard, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. today or Monday.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS - City cuts $2 million from budget - The sour economy prompted
the Maryland Heights City Council to cut almost $2 million out of the city's
2009 budget to match a projected revenue drop. The original budget was developed
from projections last fall, "just before everything started going down," finance
officer David Watson said.

The city's revenue losses are in general sales tax, business licenses,
state-collected motor fuel revenue, lower investment interest and other areas.
The city will use reserves to keep the budget balanced and there will be no
reductions in personnel and services. Revenue is stable from casino gambling,
which will continue to fund about 35 percent of the city's total spending of $39
million, Watson said.

ST. LOUIS COUNTY > Governor chooses judge - Gov. Jay Nixon has appointed
Associate Circuit Judge Gloria Clark Reno to be a circuit judge in St. Louis
County. Reno, 59, has been a judge since 2002. She received her law degree from
St. Louis University. Reno, of University City, is the first African-American
woman to be a circuit judge in St. Louis County.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL. - Pension system changes - Gov. Pat Quinn approved a state
pension system overhaul Friday. The law Quinn signed dumps the boards of four
pension and investment agencies and adopts tougher ethics rules.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  PHOTO - a sign from above  Parker Michels-Boyce  o
pmichels-boyce@post-dispatch.com Protesters allege  Donna Koenen points to the
empty bolts from which a street sign fell onto her car Friday. Koenen was
waiting to turn left onto Big Bend Road from Kirkwood Road, when the sign
dropped about twelve feet, shattering the windshield. "I didn't even know what
it was," said Keonen. "I thought it was a hood that flew over or something."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

FLORIDA: Schock and Menendez scandals highlight need for disclosure

LENGTH: 461  words

DATELINE: Washington


Common Cause Holding Power Accountable Florida has issued the following news
release:

Corruption isn't hard to find in American government. The following scandals are
all from just this year:

Rep. Aaron Schock (R-IL) announced his resignation after misusing federal funds
and receiving legally questionable gifts from campaign donors.
    Sen. Bob Menendez (D-NJ) has been indicted on corruption charges for
potentially improper advocacy on behalf of a major donor.
    Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber (D) resigned in February in the midst of a
corruption and influence peddling scandal involving his fiancee.
    Florida Governor Rick Scott (R) is facing a lawsuit alleging he violated the
state's open meetings law.

What this should make clear is that unethical or corrupt behavior isn't specific
to one party or one state, it's an endemic problem.

It's also not surprising that many of these scandals involve campaign donors.
The gradual deregulation of campaign finance has led to a world in which
candidates and elected officials must raise increasing amounts of money in order
to compete. That means spending more time around the people who fund campaigns:
the wealthy. Politicians become accustomed to a certain lifestyle. If they
aren't rich already (many are), some take legal shortcuts in relationships with
rich friends.

That's visible in the Menendez and Schock scandals as well the gift scandal that
eventually sent former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell (R) to prison. A
cumulative $120,000 in improper gifts from a big donor to the governor and his
family cost him a once promising career.

The scandals also highlight the need for mandatory disclosure.

Rep. Schock resigned after a series of incomplete or misleading financial
disclosure reports came to light. Before the Ethics in Government Act of 1978
made this kind of disclosure mandatory for members of Congress, it was much
harder for the the public to monitor the use and potential misuse of public
funds. "It is a testament to the reforms of the past 40 years since Watergate
that Schock was snagged by his own paper trail," Politico's Todd Purdum wrote.

Salomon Melgen donated $700,000 during the 2012 cycle to Majority PAC, a group
that gave close to $600,000 to Sen. Menendez's re-election campaign. This was
allegedly the impetus for Menendez to exert undue influence in the Medicare
billing process on Melgen's behalf. We only know about that large contribution
because Majority PAC discloses its donors.

Unfortunately, many other outside groups do not reveal their donors. Not only is
big money overwhelming the democratic process, but we don't even know where a
lot of the cash is coming from.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            January 30, 2011, Sunday

Overturn corruption conviction?;
Ex-Lottery chief hopes to nullify 17-year-old sentence

BYLINE: Paul J. Nyden, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 855 words


More than 17 years after state Lottery Director Butch Bryan was convicted of
corruption charges, a former state Supreme Court justice is trying to get the
conviction overturned.

Bryan was convicted on five counts of federal political corruption charges on
Sept. 24, 1993, and sentenced to more than four years in prison.

Bryan was Lottery commissioner under former Gov. Gaston Caperton from April 15,
1990, to Feb. 5, 1993.

Richard Neely, a Charleston lawyer and former high court justice, is trying to
get Bryan's conviction overturned, years after he served his prison sentence.

Neely filed a federal appeal in Charleston on Oct. 6. Earlier this month, Neely
filed a reply to the government's response to his appeal.

Bryan's convictions included two counts of rigging bids - for a Montana video
lottery machine company and a $2.8 million contract to Fahlgren Martin, a
Parkersburg advertising firm - while he was lottery director. But he was not
charged with getting monetary benefits from rigging those bids.

Additional charges stated Bryan bought stock in three video lottery machine
manufacturing companies, whose values might have increased because of state
contracts.

The federal jury found Bryan guilty of buying 200 shares of stock in Gtech, a
lottery machine maker, a few days before he awarded the company a
multimillion-dollar contract to operate in West Virginia. Federal charges also
stated Bryan was guilty of mail and wire fraud.

Ed ReBrook, a Charleston lawyer who worked for the Lottery Commission and also
had a private practice, was convicted of using inside information to buy stock
in VLT, a firm bidding for a state video lottery contract.

ReBrook bought 100 shares, worth $13.50 each, for a total value of $1,350.

Represented by Charleston lawyer Lonnie Simmons, ReBrook is also trying to get
his conviction overturned.

Both Bryan and ReBrook reported to the federal minimum-security prison in
Morgantown in March 1994 to begin serving their sentences.

Bryan, then 59, was sentenced to four years and three months and required to
send $120,000 in "restitution" to Fahlgren Martin and International Game
Technologies - two companies bidding on state lottery machine contracts.

Neely's recent petition asks that the $120,000 in "restitution" be returned to
Bryan.

ReBrook, then 44, was sentenced to two years and three months in prison and lost
his law license. ReBrook later got his license back and is currently practicing
law.

In a reply to the federal government's response, filed by Assistant U.S.
Attorney Larry R. Ellis, Neely states Bryan may have "engaged in petty politics"
by giving the contract to Fahlgren Martin over the Arnold Agency, a Charleston
advertising firm.

"Fahlgren Martin had held the contract since the inception of the Lottery and
had done a good job. Furthermore, it was Gov. Arch A. Moore's administration
that had first given Fahlgren Martin the contract.

"Nothing in the record tends to prove that there was any other motivation for
awarding the contract to Falgren Martin other than a desire to stay with an
entity that had a good track record of promoting the lottery," Neely wrote.

The federal response to Neely's appeal, filed Jan. 7, pointed out the Lottery's
own evaluation committee determined the "Arnold Agency had won the day" with its
contract bid.

But Bryan insisted the contract be awarded to Fahlgren Martin, not to the Arnold
Agency.

A June 27, 1995 federal opinion upholding Bryan's conviction stated the
seven-member state Lottery commission had to approve that advertising contract.

"Neither Bryan nor the governor [Caperton] . . . had unilateral power to award
the advertising contract."

Bryan was also convicted of favoring one lottery machine manufacturer over
another, at least in part because that manufacturer, VLC (Video Lottery
Consultants) based in Montana, had promised to build a factory in Barbour
County.

The federal investigation into the situation resulted in the contract not being
awarded to VLC, the federal response to Neely's petition states.

But there is no record, Neely's legal petition states, that "Bryan ever took any
bribe or kickback or benefited personally in any way from the prospective award
of the contract to the company that would build the plant in West Virginia."

A Washington Post article published on Feb. 8, 2010, stated, "Charges that sent
Lottery Director Butch Bryan and Lottery attorney Ed ReBrook to prison seemed
like hair-splitting technicalities."

The federal response to Neely's petition states Bryan accepted gratuities -
including meals, drinks, flowers and rounds of golf - from individuals like
James Moran, a representative of Scientific Games and later of GTech.

Neely also argues the late U.S. District Court Judge Charles Haden prevented
"Butch from presenting his side of the story in any coherent form" during the
1993 trial.

The federal response filed earlier this month argues all the evidence federal
prosecutors presented to the jury during the 1993 trial was fair.

"These 17-year-old verdicts should be left intact," the federal response filed
by Ellis, concludes.

Reach Paul J. Nyden at pjnyden@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5164.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers

                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    FEBRUARY 22, 2005 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

Sweeping City Hall trial set to begin;
Opening statements are expected today for five
charged in the widely watched corruption case.

BYLINE: John Shiffman and Emilie Lounsberry INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1015 words


In a federal courtroom in Philadelphia this morning, three men of high finance,
a fast-food magnate, and a power broker's mistress will stand trial in the
city's biggest corruption case in years.

Opening statements are scheduled before U.S. District Judge Michael M. Baylson
for 9 sharp in the trial of former Philadelphia City Treasurer Corey Kemp, who
is accused of allowing the codefendants to ply him with gifts, loans, and
promises of riches in return for influence in steering lucrative city bond work.

Defense lawyers have argued that the law allows city officials to choose who
gets bond work, even if it means picking political contributors, so long as the
companies are qualified. They have also questioned whether Kemp really had such
decision-making authority.

The high-profile conspiracy trial, which is expected to last six weeks or more,
will be closely followed in Pennsylvania and New Jersey political circles as
well as on Wall Street. Lawyers in the case say the mayor of Philadelphia and
the chief financial officer of Commerce Bancorp are likely to be called as
witnesses.

Some of the government's best evidence is contained in 450 raw, often crass,
wiretapped conversations between alleged conspirators and others. These include
more than 100 calls between Kemp and the late Ronald A. White, a power broker
with a baritone voice who is at the center of the FBI's wide-ranging probe.

Jurors will "hear scores of conversations in which Kemp responds to White's
requests and plans with alacrity, enthusiasm and outright glee," Assistant U.S.
Attorney Robert A. Zauzmer wrote in a recent filing.

In one call Kemp assures White, "You got your boy sitting in, in the treasurer's
seat."

Mayor Street's voice will be heard on wiretaps, too.

Prosecutors intend to play three calls between Street and White, who had been
charged as lead defendant but died of cancer in November. Prosecutors also plan
to bring up evidence about loans Street and his son, Sharif Street, received
from Commerce Bank.

The mayor is not charged with any crime, and in a filing last week, prosecutors
said that White did not have as much influence with Street as he let on.

"The evidence will show that while White had a favored position with the city
administration, as a longtime friend and key fund-raiser for the mayor, that
influence only went so far, and he needed and benefited substantially from his
control of Kemp," prosecutors wrote.

The wiretaps recorded calls until mid-October 2003, when an FBI listening device
was discovered in Street's office, exposing what had been a covert government
probe. Sources have told The Inquirer that the FBI placed the bug in the mayor's
office because agents suspected that White and Street met privately there to
discuss city contracts sought by campaign contributors. The bug was compromised
before it recorded anything.

The jury, selected last week, will likely hear six opening statements today.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joan L. Markman will speak first, followed by a lawyer
for each defendant.

For the defense lawyers, who have been muted by a gag order from Baylson on
out-of-court statements, the openings will provide an eagerly awaited chance to
publicly respond to harsh accusations in the government's 174-page indictment
and subsequent pretrial filings.

All five defendants are charged with conspiracy to deprive Philadelphia
taxpayers of Kemp's honest services as city treasurer. The indictment alleges 62
other specific crimes; Kemp is named in 42 of those counts.

Kemp is charged with honest-services fraud, extortion, falsifying bank loans,
welfare fraud, and money-laundering.

The illegal gifts alleged by prosecutors include $10,000 in illicit payments, a
$10,350 deck for Kemp's home, and a trip by private jet to the Super Bowl.

Kemp, a certified public accountant who earned a master's degree in business
administration before he became city treasurer, also is accused of filing false
tax returns for the years 2000 to 2003.

His lawyers, L. George Parry and William Spade Jr. of Philadelphia, have said
that a key issue at trial will be whether Kemp had as much authority to make
bond decisions as prosecutors allege.

Two Commerce executives are charged in the case: Glenn K. Holck of Newtown,
Bucks County, president of the bank's Pennsylvania subsidiary, and Stephen M.
Umbrell of Delran, Burlington County, regional vice president.

Among other things, they are accused of approving a mortgage for Kemp despite
his poor credit. Authorities say Kemp subsequently favored Commerce in awarding
a $30 million line of credit.

The defendant from the fast-food world is La-Van Hawkins, a flamboyant Detroit
businessman who once owned a slew of Pizza Hut, Burger King and Checkers
franchises. He is charged with four counts of perjury, including lying to a
federal grand jury about $10,000 he gave Kemp and about a New York business
meeting with White and Kemp, a meeting the FBI secretly videotaped.

The mistress is Janice R. Knight of Cherry Hill, who was White's girlfriend for
a decade. She is charged with three counts of lying to FBI agents about White's
and Kemp's dealings with her printing business, RPC Unlimited, which did bond
work for the city.

After opening statements, the first scheduled witness is Folasade Olanipekum,
who preceded Kemp as city treasurer. During her testimony, prosecutors intend to
play their first wiretapped call: a July 15, 2003, exchange between Olanipekum
and Kemp.

In it, she warns Kemp that White has been getting too much bond work lately,
and, she says, "the mayor needs to . . . spread the goods around."

Olanipekum also cautions Kemp that appearances can be "more damaging than fact."

"So people think you're Ron's puppet . . . then the fact is you are," she says
on the wiretap. ". . . You definitely got to . . . disabuse people of the notion
that you're Ron's boy."

Contact staff writer John Shiffman at 215-854-2658 or jshiffman@phillynews.com.

Inquirer staff writer Mark Fazlollah contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO AND CHART;
Corey Kemp
CHART
Key Names in the City Hall Corruption Trials (The Philadelphia Inquirer)

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 12, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Corruption crackdown has Chinese on edge

BYLINE: James Cox

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 625 words

DATELINE: HONG KONG


China's widening anti-corruption drive is hitting high gear, transfixing the
public and terrorizing some of the nation's most prominent figures.

Chinese President Jiang Zemin, the force behind the purge, has cranked up the
campaign to strengthen his hand while China waits for the death of ailing leader
Deng Xiaoping, experts say.

In recent weeks, Jiang has jailed Chen Xitong, Beijing's powerful Communist
Party boss, and up to 100 other high-level city bureaucrats. One Beijing
official, Vice Mayor Wang Baosen, apparently killed himself April 4 rather than
face Jiang's wrath.

Wang's suicide set the country abuzz. He is the highest-ranking party member to
commit suicide since China's Cultural Revolution ended nearly 20 years ago.

Jiang also has taken on the captains of Chinese industry. In February, he forced
the head of China's showcase Shougang conglomerate to quit and arrested the
man's son, also a Shougang executive.

"Corruption has replaced ideology as the charge you use to ditch your opponents
in China," says Bruce Gilley, deputy China editor of Eastern Express, a Hong
Kong daily.

In each case, authorities have declined to detail specific offenses. But graft,
influence peddling and theft of state assets have been on the upswing since
1978, when Deng began a drive to modernize China's economy by introducing
free-market reforms.

In recent years, the problem has become epidemic. Jiang has called the problem a
"life-or-death" issue for China.

"Corruption has spread so far and so fast, this is like taking a tea cup and
trying to empty the ocean," says William Overholt, author of The Rise of China.

By tackling the problem, experts say, Jiang can eliminate political rivals, send
a strong message to the provinces now ignoring central-government dictates, and
win support from a public fed up with larceny.

China's top leaders have anointed Jiang as Deng's successor. But they refer to
him as the "core" of future Chinese leadership, rather than as a supreme,
unchallenged leader like Deng or Mao Zedong.

Jiang, regarded as a faceless career climber by many in China, can establish an
identity for himself with this crusade.

His move leaves little doubt Deng is too ill to shield allies. Says Godwin Chu
of Honolulu's East-West Center, "If Deng was in firm control, nobody would touch
Chen Xitong."

In Chen, Jiang nabbed one of the so-called butchers of Beijing. As mayor of
Beijing, Chen backed the use of the army against student demonstrators in
Tiananmen Square in 1989.

Chen's demise means Jiang could turn his sights on Premier Li Peng, reviled
among liberals as a chief architect of the Tiananmen massacre.

Jiang was once mayor of Shanghai, an area that has escaped scrutiny so far. His
record is lackluster but apparently squeaky clean.

"He's absolutely clean, and he's one of the few leaders who has insisted that
his kids keep clean, too," Overholt says.

In coming weeks, the anti-corruption sweep is expected to claim top officials in
Guangzhou, a feverishly capitalistic city in southeastern China. It also could
topple Beijing Mayor Li Qiyan and several aides.

It's unclear whether Jiang will go after any of Deng's five children. One Deng
daughter has drawn criticism as chief of a company selling luxury apartments in
the southeastern boomtown of Shenzhen. She makes promotional tours for the firm,
but apparently does little else to earn her keep.

Deng's son Zhifang could already be at risk. He runs a Hong Kong-based
subsidiary of scandal-plagued Shougang.

When will Jiang stop?

"Jiang is kept in place by the lack of any real opposition to him, not by any
great personal skills," Gilley says. "The biggest danger is the one he presents
to himself -- that he may go too far."

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 23, 1995

CORRECTION: CORRECTION RAN 05/15/95:A different photo of Chinese President Jiang
Zemin should have accompanied Friday's story about China's anti-corruption
drive.  The photo identified as Jiang was Premier Li Peng (See story #483715 for
correct photo).

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Reuters; PHOTO, b/w, AP

THE WORLD

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 12, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Corruption crackdown has Chinese on edge

BYLINE: James Cox

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: HONG KONG


HONG KONG - China's widening anti-corruption drive is hitting
high gear, transfixing the public and terrorizing some of the
nation's most prominent figures.

Chinese President Jiang Zemin, the force behind the purge, has
cranked up the campaign to strengthen his hand while China waits for
the death of ailing leader Deng Xiaoping, experts say.

In recent weeks, Jiang has jailed Chen Xitong, Beijing's powerful
Communist Party boss, and up to 100 other high-level city
bureaucrats. One Beijing official, Vice Mayor Wang Baosen,
apparently killed himself April 4 rather than face Jiang's wrath.


Wang's suicide set the country abuzz. He is the highest-ranking
party member to commit suicide since China's Cultural Revolution
ended nearly 20 years ago.

Jiang also has taken on the captains of Chinese industry. In
February, he forced the head of China's showcase Shougang
conglomerate to quit and arrested the man's son, also a Shougang
executive.

"Corruption has replaced ideology as the charge you use to ditch
your opponents in China," says Bruce Gilley, deputy China editor of
Eastern Express, a Hong Kong daily.

In each case, authorities have declined to detail specific
offenses. But graft, influence peddling and theft of state assets
have been on the upswing since 1978, when Deng began a drive to
modernize China's economy by introducing free-market reforms.

In recent years, the problem has become epidemic. Jiang has
called the problem a "life-or-death" issue for China.

"Corruption has spread so far and so fast, this is like taking a
tea cup and trying to empty the ocean," says William Overholt,
author of The Rise of China.

By tackling the problem, experts say, Jiang can eliminate
political rivals, send a strong message to the provinces now
ignoring central-government dictates, and win support from a public
fed up with larceny.

China's top leaders have anointed Jiang as Deng's successor. But
they refer to him as the "core" of future Chinese leadership, rather
than as a supreme, unchallenged leader like Deng or Mao Zedong.

Jiang, regarded as a faceless career climber by many in China,
can establish an identity for himself with this crusade.

His move leaves little doubt Deng is too ill to shield allies.
Says Godwin Chu of Honolulu's East-West Center, "If Deng was in firm
control, nobody would touch Chen Xitong."

In Chen, Jiang nabbed one of the so-called butchers of Beijing.
As mayor of Beijing, Chen backed the use of the army against student
demonstrators in Tiananmen Square in 1989.

Chen's demise means Jiang could turn his sights on Premier Li
Peng, reviled among liberals as a chief architect of the Tiananmen
massacre.

Jiang was once mayor of Shanghai, an area that has escaped
scrutiny so far. His record is lackluster but apparently squeaky
clean.

"He's absolutely clean, and he's one of the few leaders who has
insisted that his kids keep clean, too," Overholt says.

In coming weeks, the anti-corruption sweep is expected to claim
top officials in Guangzhou, a feverishly capitalistic city in
southeastern China. It also could topple Beijing Mayor Li Qiyan and
several aides.

It's unclear whether Jiang will go after any of Deng's five
children. One Deng daughter has drawn criticism as chief of a
company selling luxury apartments in the southeastern boomtown of
Shenzhen. She makes promotional tours for the firm, but apparently
does little else to earn her keep.

Deng's son Zhifang could already be at risk. He runs a Hong
Kong-based subsidiary of scandal-plagued Shougang.

When will Jiang stop?

"Jiang is kept in place by the lack of any real opposition to
him, not by any great personal skills," Gilley says. "The biggest
danger is the one he presents to himself -- that he may go too far."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 15, 1995, Monday

CORRECTION:  A different photo of Chinese President Jiang Zemin should have
accompanied Friday's story about China's anti-corruption drive. The photo
identified as Jiang was Premier Li Peng (See story #483715 for correct photo).

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Reuters; PHOTO, b/w, AP; DENG:Chinese leader's failing
health and few public appearances have fed speculation about the nation's
stability. JIANG:Considered Deng's successor

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 27, 2001 Wednesday Three Star Edition

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS; Nation Briefs Column; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 593 words


EAST

WASHINGTON

House OKs $5.5 billion in aid to farmers

The House passed legislation Tuesday providing $5.5 billion in aid to farmers
suffering under a continuing slump in commodity prices, but supporters said it
isn't enough.

"A doubling of this amount could easily be utilized," said Rep. Charles Stenholm
of Texas, ranking Democrat on the House Agriculture Committee. "This is all we
can afford at the moment."

The House sent the measure to the Senate on a voice vote, with lawmakers hoping
to get a final package to the White House before the August congressional
recess. The bill provides $4.6 billion in payments to grain and cotton farmers
and $900 million more to growers of other crops, such as soybeans, peanuts,
fruits and vegetables and tobacco.

PROVIDENCE, R.I.

Judge fines prosecutor in city corruption case

A federal judge Tuesday fined and suspended the lead prosecutor in the
Providence City Hall corruption case for showing a secret FBI surveillance tape
to two friends and his sister.

U.S. District Judge Ernest C. Torres ordered Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard W.
Rose to pay $500 and barred him from all court proceedings in the case for 30
days. Rose last summer showed a videotape to a friend, his friend's wife and his
sister that reportedly shows a mayoral aide accepting a bribe. Mayor Vincent
Cianci Jr. and five others pleaded innocent in April to corruption charges
stemming from the four-year FBI investigation

MIDWEST

CHICAGO

Mayor appoints new chief for school system

Mayor Richard Daley on Tuesday named an aide to former public schools CEO Paul
Vallas to replace him as head of the nation's third largest school system.

Arne Duncan, 36, will preside over a school system with 435,000 students, 45,900
employees and a $3.5 billion annual budget. Vallas resigned June 7 after six
years as CEO of Chicago Public Schools.

Duncan became the deputy chief of staff under Vallas in 1999, after working
since 1998 as director of magnet schools for the city's board of education.

WEST

LOS ANGELES

Nearly 1,000 attend Carroll O'Connor's funeral

Celebrities and entertainers said farewell Tuesday to Carroll O'Connor, the
gruff actor who satirized prejudice as the buffoonish bigot on "All in the
Family."

Among the nearly 1,000 people at his funeral were comedian Carl Reiner and his
son, actor-director Rob Reiner, who played the liberal son-in-law famously
dubbed "Meathead" by Archie Bunker, O'Connor's character on the popular sitcom.

Comedian Don Rickles, "Dallas" star Larry Hagman, Martin Sheen of "The West
Wing" and former Gov. Jerry Brown also attended the service at St. Paul the
Apostle Roman Catholic Church in West Los Angeles. The 76-year-old actor died
Thursday following a heart attack.

LOS ANGELES

Son of Barbara Eden is found dead in his car

The bodybuilder son of actress Barbara Eden and character actor Michael Ansara
was found dead in his car, but it will take an autopsy to determine the cause,
authorities said Tuesday.

Matthew Michael Ansara, 35, an aspiring actor and fitness buff, was found Monday
night at a gas station in Monrovia, about 10 miles east of downtown Los Angeles,
said authorities. No signs of trauma were found.

Eden was best known as Jeannie in the 1960s sitcom "I Dream of Jeannie. Matthew
Ansara was Eden's only child. She was married to Michael Ansara from 1958-73.
Michael Ansara has appeared in scores of films and television shows, including
"The Greatest Story Ever Told," "Star Trek" and the 1950s series "Broken Arrow."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Ex-VA head pleads guilty;
Sentencing set for May 20 in corruption case.

BYLINE: By James McCarty

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 341 words


AKRON - William Montague, the former director of the VA Medical Center in
Dayton, pleaded guilty Thursday to 64 corruption-related charges, for which he
could spend up to 6 ? years in prison.

U.S. District Court Judge Sara Lioi scheduled sentencing for May

20. A 111-page plea agreement reached with federal prosecutors also will require
Montague to pay more than $400,000 in restitution, forfeiture and fines.

The monetary penalties are among the highest of the more than 60 elected
officials, public employees and contractors implicated in the Cuyahoga County
corruption scandal, including former Commissioner Jimmy Dimora, who is serving a
28-year prison sentence and owes more than $345,000.

Montague, 62, of Brecksville, was the only federal government employee convicted
among the more than 60 defendants, and was the last defendant remaining in the
seven-year federal investigation into corruption in Cuyahoga County.

Under terms of the plea deal, Montague confessed to committing 64 charges
contained in the original 65-count indictment.

Federal prosecutors agreed to drop one charge involving the bribery of an
unidentified public official sometime between 2007-12.

The indictment accused Montague of seeking or receiving something of value in
return for committing a fraud on the VA on behalf of the unnamed official.

The indictment provided details to a 2010 criminal scheme in which Montague
signed a $30,000-ayear consulting contract with an unnamed Buffalo-based design
firm, identified only as Business 75.

Montague pleaded guilty to charges that he conspired with employees at the
company to defraud the VA through bribery, fraud and kickbacks in exchange for
providing confidential information about VA contracts and projects the company
was seeking to obtain, causing potential losses to the government totaling about
$20 million, Bacon said.

Montague also pleaded guilty to giving confidential information to electrical
contractor Michael Forlani, the former owner of Doan Pyramid Electric in
Cleveland, and head of Veterans Development LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 31, 1978 Thursday

15 U.S. officials face firing in payoff probe

BYLINE: WS

LENGTH: 630 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


Washington Star
  WASHINGTON - FBI agents here believe they have found the key that could
 lead to a significant number of prosecutions of General Services
 Administration officials of corruption charges, Justice Department
 sources said yesterday.

The key, they said, is a large number of bank accounts, most of them
 in the United States but some in Switzerland, which agents believe were
 used specifically by contractors to funnel millions of dollars in payoffs
 to GSA officials over the years, in return for contracts the officials
 had helped the contractors obtain.
    'They're very excited about it,' one agent said of his colleagues
 who are working the case. 'They really think they're on to
 something.'
    According to the sources, FBI agents here, most of them members of a
 squad headed by Rick Denton, of the local field office, believe they are
 now able to trace the flow of money from specific contractors to GSA
 officials through the accounts, which reportedly were financed with money
 paid the contractors for maintenance and repair work they actually had
 not done.

According to reliable sources, 15 employees, including some in
 high-ranking positions, will receive letters next week notifying them
 that they are to be fired on grounds of negligence or misconduct.

Because most of the payments apparently were made to the officials in
 cash, however, the sources said that it may be necessary to obtain the
 co-operation of the contractors before making cases against the
 individual officials.
    'Right now, the focus in on the officials, not the contractors,'
 said one source familiar with the investigation. 'Most of the
 contractors seem to have started out clean; they weren't shopping around
 for GSA officials to take bribes. It was the officials who were insisting
 that the contractors make the payoffs.'
    At present, grand juries here and in Baltimore are investigating the
 alleged payoffs, which GSA officials themselves concede may be only a
 part of a widespread pattern of corruption in the agency. Vincent Alto,
 the former prosecutor who is running an internal investigation of
 corruption at GSA, has said several times that the corruption at GSA
 might be the biggest scandal, in terms of money, in U.S. Government
 history.

Last week, seven GSA employees who are targets of the investigation
 were subpoenaed by the grand jury here, and, sources said, three or four
 others are expected to be in the near future.

One source however, said that none of the evidence from the bank
 accounts that has been obtained to date has yet been presented to a grand
 jury. 'It just hasn't been sorted out yet,' he said. 'There's a
 tremendous volume of information, but also a lot of work yet to be
 done.' For example, he said that while considerable work has been done
 by FBI accountants on the U.S. bank accounts, they have not yet made
 attempts to trace funds through accounts believed to have been
 established for that purpose overseas, including at least one in
 Switzerland.

According to the sources, the usual pattern was for contractors to be
 overpaid for work they performed on government buildings, or paid for
 work that hadn't been done at all. Some of this money would be placed in
 the bank accounts, shifted from one bank to another to make it more
 difficult to trace, and then funnelled back to the GSA officers who had
 approved the contracts in direct cash payoffs.

Although no precise dollar figure could be obtained, the sources said
 that the alleged payoffs were 'in the millions,' over a period of
 years.

Likewise, while sources familiar with the investigation refused to
 estimate the number of people likely to face prosecution because of the
 alleged payoffs, several of them said the number would likely be
 significant. 'This thing is going to blossom,' one of them said.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1978 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 12, 2014 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Public role only provides more room for corruption

BYLINE: Luke Wachob

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 467 words


A recent wave of editorials harshly criticized Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo for choosing
not to include a controversial provision to publicly finance Assembly and State
Senate campaigns in his budget. A closer look at the effects of
taxpayer-financed campaigns reveals that New York dodged a bullet by saying no
to handouts for politicians.

Those who advocate for public financing argue that providing tax dollars for
political campaigns will reduce politicians' reliance on wealthy donors, leading
to less corruption and better government. But New York State's corruption
problems run much deeper than the campaign trail. Take State Sen. Shirley
Huntley, for example, who stole $87,700 from a taxpayer-funded nonprofit while
in office. Or Assemblyman Eric Stevenson, who accepted more than $20,000 in cash
bribes from business developers. A public financing program won't stop corrupt
politicians from embezzling public funds or taking bribes. It will just give
them more of the public's money to spend.

This experiment has been played out in New York City, where public financing for
City Council candidates has resulted in an astounding $19 million being handed
to candidates who were later investigated on corruption charges since 2001.

Three other states already have tax-financed campaign programs for all
legislative races, and the results should serve as a cautionary tale. A 2010
Government Accountability Office analysis concluded that Arizona and Maine had
failed to achieve their goals. In Connecticut, my organization analyzed voting
records and found that participation in the state's tax-financing program had no
effect on legislators' likelihood of voting with organized interest groups.

Unfortunately, when a government is corrupt to begin with, adding a
tax-financing program only opens new avenues for even greater corruption.

While advocates for these programs argue that they give ordinary people a louder
voice, reality shows that they just make it easier for politicians to enrich
themselves at the expense of taxpayers. Forcing every New Yorker to fund every
campaign in the state would not have made government more accountable to the
people; it would only have taken scarce tax dollars away from more pressing
legislative priorities. Government should be focusing on those issues, not
debating how best to fill politicians' campaign coffers.

Unfortunately, the threat of taxpayer-financed campaigns still looms. Cuomo
recently wrote in the Huffington Post that he will "keep fighting" for public
financing of legislative campaigns. This effort is deeply misguided. Grandiose
rhetoric should not trump the sobering evidence from states that have tried and
failed to "clean" their politics with handouts to politicians.

Luke Wachob is the McWethy Fellow at the Center for Competitive Politics.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Hazard Herald, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday

OPINION: Fixing government starts with fixing corruption

BYLINE: Cris Ritchie, The Hazard Herald, Ky.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 459 words


Nov. 23--Anthony Eden, the former British prime minister, once said that
corruption has never been compulsory. Watching our sad state of affairs that we
call politics today, I'm not so sure.

Corruption is most readily defined as the act of lacking any moral character. I
think that certainly applies to a number of our elected leaders in office today,
from the local to the national level.

The latest stain on our way of governance came from Frankfort as Agriculture
Commissioner Richie Farmer, according to the Herald-Leader out of Lexington,
gave his girlfriend a cushy job in Frankfort at $5,000 a month just before his
unsuccessful campaign for lt. governor came to a merciful end.

Was there nothing in Commissioner Farmer's mind that made him think there may
have been something wrong here, if not legally then at the very least morally?

It seems with politicians today we're simply waiting for the next scandal, and
these people are more than willing to oblige our appetite for ignominy.

It all gets old, really, and there's little wonder why we have so few candidates
out there who can really inspire on the campaign trail, or who, once elected to
office, live up to that praise.

I can't help but think that the American electorate is as hungry for that kind
of candidate as we've ever been. Personally, I'd just like to see a candidate
come along who is in it for the right reasons, politics be damned.

There are way too few elected officials who fit that bill, and I personally can
only think of a handful.

I'm tired, to be honest. I'm tired of reading about corruption. I'm tired of
hearing hollow promises from talking heads in Washington who on the surface seek
to hold themselves accountable with harsh repercussions for failure, and then do
little to avert that failure three months later.

I'm tired of hearing one side lay blame at the feet of the other, no matter that
the culpability is just heavy on the left side of the aisle.

I'm tired of apologies from disgraced politicians, who only offer those
apologies after their vices are brought to the surface.

But most of all I'm tired of being lied to by the very people who hold positions
of power only by virtue of our democratic process, and not by any inherent right
to station.

At this rate we're never going to be the nation that our forefathers hoped for.
We may be the best country on earth, but because we have elected officials who
care so little for their responsibility and duty as a public figure that they
brazenly defy any sense of morality for personal gain, then there's work to be
done.

And right now it seems that we've got a lot of it to do.

___ (c)2011 The Hazard Herald (Hazard, Ky.) Visit The Hazard Herald (Hazard,
Ky.) at www.hazard-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111123-ZD-OPINION-Fixing-government-starts-with-fixing-corruption
-20111123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZD


                                 Copyright 2011

                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday

Programme summary of Afghan Tolo TV news in Dari 1330 gmt 16 Jun 11

LENGTH: 694 words


A. News headline

B. Home news

1. 0100 Foreign news agency reports says Ayman Al-Zawahiri has been elected as
the new Al-Qa'idah leader. Previously, Ayman Al-Zawahiri was second in command
of Al-Qa'idah. A number of Afghan political analysts criticize Pakistan for
supporting Al-Qa'idah, saying Afghanistan will be harmed by terrorist actions
more than any other countries in the world. Video shows a number of Afghan
analysts speaking to camera, the new leader of Al-Qa'idah, the British defence
secretary speaking, a number of militants in a military exercise. (See separate
report)

2. 0420 A number of US senators call on President Barack Obama to change USA's
strategy in Afghanistan, calling for reduction of forces in the country. They
say deployment of US forces in Afghanistan is not in the interests of the USA.
They also express concern over administrative corruption in the country. Head of
a counter corruption body of Afghanistan confirms the report saying that
Afghanistan suffers from massive official corruption and that both Afghan and
foreign donors are involved in official corruption. Video shows head of a
counter corruption body speaking to camera, archive footage of a number of
foreign forces patrolling in some areas of Afghanistan. (See separate report)

3. 0650 US Defence Secretary Robert Gates says President Karzai said to him that
he would not stay in power after 2014 and will step down. Video shows the US
defence secretary speaking, archive footage of President Karzai at a meeting
with the US defence secretary, President Karzai examining guard of honour of
Afghanistan.

4. 0930 A committee of the US Congress approves defence bill of the USA,
allocating some 119bn dollars for Afghan and Iraq wars. Archive video shows
foreign vehicles, military equipment, the White House.

5. 1045 UK defence secretary says his country is committed to training Afghan
forces after 2014 when foreign forces are expect to withdraw from Afghanistan.
Also, the Estonian and Danish defence ministers pledge to help Afghan forces.
Video shows the UK defence secretary along with Estonian and Danish defence
secretaries speaking at a joint news conference in Kabul, archive footage a
number of Afghan forces in an operation in some area of Afghanistan.

6. 1245 Parwan governor, Abdol Basir Salangi, stresses launch of reconstruction
drive in Afghanistan, saying that insecurity in Afghanistan and Pakistan will
harm security in the world. The governor also criticizes the Provincial
Reconstruction Team (PRT) for not launching construction process in the country,
saying that it is better that the donated funds are spent through the government
of Afghanistan. Video shows the Parwan governor speaking to camera, archive
footage construction of some parts of Afghanistan. (See separate report)

C. Commercial break

D. Foreign news

1. 1700 Greek protestors still continue demonstration against their government.

2. 1810 Chief of Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) of Pakistan tries to protect
his position as the ISI chief.

E. Commercial break

F. Economic news

1. 2100 Safi Airline Company starts its flights from Afghanistan to India today.
Video shows the head and a member of the airline company speaking, the Kabul
International Airport.

2. 2215 Central statistic bureau criticizes the Ministry of Agriculture for not
paying attention to agriculture sector, saying agricultural output has decreased
in Afghanistan this year compared to previous years. However, the Ministry of
Agriculture and Livestock says output of fruits and vegetables have increased,
but grain output has decreased. Video shows a member of the central statistics
bureau, spokesman for the Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock speaking to
camera, archive footage of a man in a wheat-cultivated land. (See separate
report)

3. 2340 Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) calls on its member countries to
help Afghanistan. Kyrgyzstan that is a key member of the SCO calls on member
countries of the SCO to establish a foundation and help Afghanistan. Video shows
the leaders of member countries of SCO.

G. Commercial break

H. Sport news

I. Weather forecast

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 16 Jun 11

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday

USA has no plan to build permanent military bases in Afghanistan - envoy

LENGTH: 409 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 10 January

[Presenter] The United States of America does not have any plan to set up
permanent military bases in Afghanistan. Acting US special envoy for Afghanistan
and Pakistan Frank Ruggiero has reaffirmed Washington's long-term commitment to
help Afghanistan, saying the USA is working on the biggest civilian aid for
Afghanistan.

[Correspondent] Acting US special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan Frank
Ruggiero says that the purpose of his visit to Afghanistan is to reaffirm the
USA's long-term commitment to ensuring security in Afghanistan and Pakistan. He
says that the US strategy for Afghanistan will not change with the death of
Richard Holbrooke.

[Frank Ruggiero, captioned as the acting US special envoy for Afghanistan and
Pakistan, in English superimposed with Dari translation] The USA has an enduring
commitment to the government of Afghanistan. The resources and money spent in
Afghanistan and the presence of our troops show our long-term commitment to
Afghanistan. However, we do not have any plan to build permanent military bases
in Afghanistan.

[Correspondent] Acting US special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan Frank
Ruggiero says that they are striving to fight administrative corruption in
Afghanistan

[Frank Ruggiero] On the issue of corruption, the United States government is
following the issue of corruption. We try to assess corruption through different
channels and find ways to deal with this phenomenon.

[Correspondent] Frank Ruggiero describes the visit of the delegation of the High
Peace Council to Pakistan as an important step in improving relations between
Kabul and Islamabad. He adds that in 2011 the USA will more focus on the issue
of reconciliation with the armed opponents of the Afghan government and ways of
improving relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan.

[Frank Ruggiero] Relations between Pakistan and Afghanistan are improving, and
the USA supports any peace talks by the Afghan government which is led by
Afghans.

[Correspondent] The acting US special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan says
that they have held talks with Pakistani officials on the need to eliminate
terrorist sanctuaries on the Pakistani side of the border.

He says that a meeting is due to be held in Jeddah by the Organization of
Islamic Countries [OIC] participated by the countries having special
representatives in Afghanistan.

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 10 Jan 11

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            August 6, 2008 Wednesday

Groups seek open proceedings in El Paso corruption scandal

BYLINE: By Adriana M. Chávez / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 355 words



 Related: Past stories on FBI public corruption investigation

EL PASO -- A local online publication filed a motion Wednesday in federal court
to unseal court documents relating to a public corruption scandal involving
several political figures.

According to the 12-page motion, El Paso Media Group and Newspaper Tree, which
are represented by attorneys with the Texas Civil Rights Project in Austin and
the Paso Del Norte Civil Rights Group, are asking federal Judge Frank Montalvo
to also open future court hearings regarding the FBI's corruption investigation.

So far, nine people have pleaded guilty to charges relating to the
investigation.

The first public official to plead guilty was Travis Ketner, former chief of
staff for El Paso County Judge Anthony Cobos.

On June 8, 2008, Ketner pleaded guilty to three counts of conspiracy to commit
mail or wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit bribery in attempts to
manipulate district courts.

According to the motion, 35 of 80 people targeted by the FBI's investigation are
"past or current public officials" and "prominent community figures."

"Since the first public official pled guilty, nearly all the Court's documents
and hearings have been sealed under court order, although, upon motion of Carl
Starr, an earlier intervenor, the Court did make public some documents in
redacted form," the motion states.

"That result, however, in Intervenor's view did not comply with the mandate of
the First Amendment to the United States Constitution because of its narrowness
and the extraordinarily long period of secrecy."

On March 23, Starr filed a motion to intervene in the public corruption case in
order to find out why access to records and hearings is being denied.

In May, Montalvo wrote in a 35-page ruling that he reviewed lengthy affidavits
and was convinced that publicizing the content would jeopardize the
investigation and "risk the livelihood and welfare of the persons who have
cooperated in this investigation."

The motion also criticizes Montalvo's court docket, which the judge has kept
secret.

Adriana M. Chávez may be reached at achavez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6117.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CREATING AN EMPIRE NYC's scenic treasures grab the spotlight in HBO's Roaring
Twenties epic

BYLINE: BY CRISTINA KINON with David Hinckley

SECTION: NOW; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 564 words


HBO's exquisitely produced new $50 million series, "Boardwalk Empire," is set
all over the country - but shot entirely in New York.

As New Yorkers know, scenes of their city in films and on TV are regularly shot
in Toronto or a California back lot. So it's poetic justice that the producers
of "Boardwalk Empire," which premieres Sept. 19, found New York was the only
place that could credibly evoke the Roaring Twenties in Atlantic City, Chicago
and even Los Angeles.

"The first place we looked was Atlantic City," says executive producer Terence
Winter. "We were considering Asbury Park. We looked everywhere from Coney Island
to Rockaway, Syracuse and Utica. Part of the challenge is the architecture.
Cities have developed so quickly, you won't find a lot of '20s architecture."

That's why, when the cigar-chomping gangsters roll their poison bootleg booze
out of delivery trucks in a dark alley, or high-toned visitors pass the
Boardwalk storefront that offers a free gawk at

premature babies, New York is playing Atlantic City.

Producers shot at 125 city locations,

including the Poppenhusen Institute in College Point, Queens. But much of the
focus fell on a massive stage in Greenpoint, built to resemble the Atlantic City
Boardwalk.

"The challenge was finding a place close enough so travel wasn't a huge issue,"
Winter says. "So for various reasons, including tax breaks, it made the most
sense for us to build this set and shoot the whole show here."

"Boardwalk Empire," a stripped-down version of a massive book on Atlantic City's
history, revolves around the growing political corruption that emerged in the
era of Prohibition.

Happily leading this corruption is ­Nucky Thompson, a character based on the
real-life Enoch Johnson, Atlantic City's treasurer, political fixer and chief
source of demon rum in the dry years.

Steve Buscemi stars as Nucky, and says that when he first got the script, "I was
almost sorry I'd read it because if I didn't get the role, it would be so
disappointing. [Nucky] was terrifying in a way, but also so exciting."

"He is an equal-opportunity corrupt politician," Winter says. "He's equal parts
gangster and politician."

Other characters include young versions of a brutish Al Capone and a
cold-blooded Lucky Luciano. Besides Buscemi, "Boardwalk Empire" stars Gretchen
Mol, Kelly Macdonald, Michael Pitt, Michael Shannon, Dabney Coleman, Stephen

Graham, Paz de la Huerta and others.

The series weaves some fictional

characters into the story, but Winter says there was scrupulous attention to
real-life ­detail.

"I would say we're running in the high 90s [percentage] in terms of historical
accuracy," he says, with a commitment

that ranged from the costumes to the colloquialisms in the dialogue.

"You don't say, 'I met a guy the other day,' you say you 'met a fella,'" Winter
says. "We're not going to catch them all, but that's what the Internet is for."

"Boardwalk Empire" has already drawn comparisons to "The Sopranos," which was
also built on the back of a strong man balancing work and family life.

Winter is a "Sopranos" veteran himself, as is Buscemi. Like "The Sopranos,"
"Boardwalk Empire" has raw violence, sex and humor.

The show is "thoughtful, intelligent and brilliantly put together," says Martin
Scorsese, who directed the first episode. "It's a new opportunity for
storytelling, really, which is very different from television in the past."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Buscemi (l., with Paz de la Huerta) parties as Dicetown overlord
Nucky Thompson College Point's Poppenhusen Institute made an evocative '20s set,
above. Costumes like that of Michael Kenneth Williams involved painstaking
details. Aleksa Palladino and Michael Pitt capture the look of a young Roaring
Twenties couple. Boardwalk attractions recall a flashy era of entertainment. The
$50 million "Boardwalk Empire" required elaborate sets & shoots. Steve Buscemi
(l., with Paz de la Huerta) parties as Dicetown overlord Nucky Thompson Many of
"Boardwalk Empire's" exteriors were shot on a large set in Greenpoint. Abbot
Genser; Craig Blankenhorn Director Martin Scorsese

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.

                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             January 9, 2011 Sunday
                              Tampabay.com Edition

THE BUZZ: FLORIDA POLITICS

SECTION: THE BUZZ: FLORIDA POLITICS

LENGTH: 491 words


Troxler: How to fix Florida's weak laws on public corruption

We're No. 1!

Florida led the nation in the number of public officials convicted in federal
corruption cases from 1998 to 2007, according to a recent report. In another
tally, counting from 2000 forward, Florida still had more federal public
corruption convictions than any other state. First place. A source of state
pride, surely.

This report comes from an outfit known as the Statewide Grand Jury, which spent
last year looking at public corruption at the request of then-Gov. Charlie
Crist. The grand jury released its findings on Dec. 17, a week before Christmas
- an easy time to get lost in the news.

But this 127-page report deserves ongoing attention. Take a look on Attorney
General Pam Bondi's website: www.myfloridalegal.com. (Click the link titled,
"Public Corruption.")

Posted by Alex Leary at 10:47:16 am on January 9, 2011

* * *

Anti-Murder Act has unintended consequences

Minor probation violations that judges once handled on the spot can now take
weeks to wend through clogged court systems.

Worse, say some people who work in the system, the no-bail rule can create more
crime than it prevents. Probation violators waiting weeks in jail for a hearing
end up losing jobs and apartments, even though the judge eventually rules that
their infraction was minor and they are no danger to society.

Posted by Michael C. Bender at 11:06:20 am on January 9, 2011

* * *

Scott's bumpy start highlights holes in staff

The brain trust that masterminded Gov. Rick Scott's campaign is no longer at his
side to help sharpen his message, shape his policies or navigate Florida
politics.

They're gone.

And in their absence, Scott's two-month transition into office has been a bumpy
one.

Posted by Michael C. Bender at 11:08:27 am on January 9, 2011

* * *

Video: Wasserman Schultz discusses Arizona tragedy, calls for political civility

Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, a ranking Democrat from South Florida, appeared
on Meet The Press this morning to discuss the shootings in Arizona and discusses
safety issues surrounding politicians -- the shooter's motivations are still
unclear -- and the vitriolic tone of politics today.

"We fight and debate in an arena, but you have to leave that intensity in the
arena and respect one another as Americans and as human beings" she said. "It's
a moment for both parties in Congress to come together. We absolutely have to
realize that we're all in this for the same reason, to make America a better
place."

"It's our responsibility to make sure that we set the right example and set the
tone of civility but the shock jocks and the political movement leaders that are
out there on both sides of the aisle need to have some pause as well," Wasserman
Schultz said, adding that she was subject to extreme language from Joyce
Kaufman, a radio host who took a job, then quit, as new U.S. Rep. Allen West's
chief of staff.

Posted by Alex Leary at 11:50:41 am on January 9, 2011

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VIDEO (3)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BLOG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                           September 2, 2010 Thursday

The R.I. Attorney General's Race: Candidate vows to clean up government

BYLINE: Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 953  words


This is the second in a series of interviews with the candidates for attorney
general. The field is comprised of three Democrats, one Republican, a Moderate
and an Independent. The Democratic primary is on Sept. 14, and the general
election will be held Nov. 2.

No matter how tough the next attorney general may be on the corrupt and criminal
element in the state, this much is clear: The number one issue for Rhode
Islanders - whose state continues to have one of the highest unemployment rates
in the country - will be the economy.

For Joseph M. Fernandez, the two issues go hand in hand - and he's starting at
the top.

Based on his premise that ethical government will lead to more job creation,
Fernandez's "Rhode Island Anti-Corruption Bill of Rights" aims to remove
dishonest public officials from office, prosecute them as criminals, and strip
them of their government contracts and pensions.

Fernandez's resume reflects his ambitions for the office of AG. As Providence
city solicitor from 2003 to 2009, he was the architect of the legal strategy to
eliminate pensions for government and police officials accused of corruption and
dishonorable service. He also led the investigation and demanded the firing of
those implicated in the Providence Police Department's promotions test scandal.

Fernandez, who has never practiced criminal law, saw violent crimes in
Providence drop 30 percent over his six-year tenure.

The son of Filipino immigrants, Fernandez worked as a lawyer in private practice
in New York and Rhode Island before embarking on his public-service career. He
co-chaired Barack Obama's Rhode Island presidential campaign and continues to
work on behalf of Organizing for America and the Democratic National Committee.

Fernandez, who now campaigns full time for attorney general, recently spoke with
Lawyers Weekly's Matt Yas about his plans to clean up the top levels of state
government and bring jobs back to Rhode Island.

Q. How specifically do you believe weeding out corruption among state officials
will lead to job growth?

A.   I'm not going to lie or pander and say that there are short-term fixes or
an overnight solution. But the reputation for corruption is corrosive in a
business climate. For example, my mother and father-in-law live in North
Providence and wonder, when they get their tax bills, which part is affected by
the corruption of almost the majority of town councilmen in the city. Such
corruption directly and indirectly impacts the business climate.

Q. Regarding your record on fighting corruption, fellow Democratic candidate
Peter Kilmartin alleged that you made fraudulent claims of having stripped
pensions from corrupt Providence officials and that they are still receiving
them.

A. My opponents apparently think that somehow you can get such things done
without following the legal process. For example, in the case of the former
chief of police [Urbano Prignano Jr.] who was implicated in Operation Plunder
Dome in the promotion exam scandal, within one month of my arrival as city
solicitor, I advised the retirement board in a written opinion that his pension
could be stripped for dishonorable service while stopping short of a criminal
conviction. This was unprecedented. In 2008, his pension was revoked. In 2009,
my legal opinion was upheld by the Superior Court. In 2010, the Supreme Court
denied his appeal.

In addition, there were similar pension revocation proceedings that were
consolidated in Superior Court before Judge [Michael A.] Silverstein. It takes
creative, aggressive, methodical lawyers to get these things done. My opponents
don't have the experience that I do in this area.

Q. Your record of reducing violent crime as city solicitor is well documented,
yet you have never personally practiced criminal law. Will that lack of
experience impact you as a candidate for AG?

A. The duties of city solicitor as outlined in the city charter are very broad.
They encompass civil representation of the city and criminal prosecution as well
as policing of ethics violations and managerial, policy-making decisions. These
are exactly the same responsibilities of the Attorney General's Office. And I
have the most comprehensive background of all the candidates. As city solicitor,
I brought in Steve Ryan, the head of District Court prosecution in the AG's
Office, and as attorney general I will continue to surround myself with highly
qualified professionals.

Q. Most of your opponents were born and raised in Rhode Island. You were not;
how do you feel that affects your candidacy?

A. One way to say it is that I haven't spent my life "going along to get along"
in our state's political system. I came here with my wife 29 years ago to attend
Brown [University], and like lots of great Rhode Islanders, we chose to stay.
It's a great state, but our political classes are dominated by webs of people
connected to the system. An outsider to the system can help with the
administration of justice without a political affiliation.

Q. What policies under the administration of current AG Patrick Lynch do you
approve of and would like to build on?

A. One is victim advocacy. Lynch has done a great job trying to serve victims of
crime. I want to build on that through community outreach, by being proactive in
partnering with the community. I also want to continue fighting on behalf of
transparency and openness, which help to create a business climate of fair
competition. [Lynch] has done a good job with that.

Q. What would you say specifically to Rhode Island attorneys about your
potential tenure as AG?

A. I would tell them that, [under my administration,] the legal community can
look forward to a fair, impartial and professional office, without regard to
politics.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 23, 1999, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Forum;
ETHICS

SECTION: RELIGION FAITH & VALUES; Pg. 04B

LENGTH: 486 words



Readers urge cleanup of Olympics

To properly deal with the current scandal involving the International Olympic
Committee and charges of corruption and bribery, many of our readers think if
there's a "housecleaning" it should start at the top. Here's a sampling of
responses to last week's ethics question:
 The IOC must start at the top to clean up its mess. No organization can long
resist the power of corruption when the top man has absolute power for a
lifetime. How did that come to be? If (Juan Antonio) Samaranch could not, or
would not, see that corruption was rampant, he certainly lacks the vision to
lead such a world force as the IOC. Topple the top, and the underlings will take
heed. Betts Marriott, Loganville
 Will an "Olympic housecleaning" solve the problem? No, unless it is far more
thorough than currently indicated. When housecleaning starts at the bottom of
the hierarchy, it only serves as a temporary detractor and sacrifices the least
powerful people. Has the Olympic movement suffered irreparable harm by the
recent revelations of wrongdoing? No. If the top officials are not taken to
task, it will blow over. Marie Latta, e-mail
 The International Olympic Committee is like an apple that has a number of
rotten spots. You can cut these spots out, but you're never certain if the apple
is safe to eat. It might be better to throw it away and get a new one. Jerry
Schwartz, Chamblee
 The Olympic movement should go on. They should try to weed out the corrupt
members. No matter where you look in society you will find wrongdoing of some
sort. Let the spirit of the Olympics and the principles for which they stand
carry the organizers to a successful Salt Lake City Games. David Shaw, Atlanta
 Regarding the Olympic scandal: Follow the teachings of the Catholic Church on
confession. Confess the whole truth. Promise not to do it again, serve your
penance and with a clean slate go out and do your job. Bob Ruddy, Peachtree City

 The Olympic Committee led by Samaranch is long overdue for a complete
housecleaning and a philosophical overhauling as well. Money corrupts and it has
corrupted the Olympic movement.. Paul Benson, Atlanta
 THIS WEEK'S ISSUE

He has been impeached, and yet President Clinton's approval rating continues to
soar. What's the message?
 BACKGROUND INFORMATION: President Clinton's job approval ratings have surged to
near all-time highs in public opinion polls, even as the Senate proceeds with
his impeachment trial. After Clinton's State of the Union address, his job
approval ratings in polls carried out by the major national television networks
ranged from 66 percent to 76 percent.
 WHAT DO YOU THINK? Is there a message in the numbers? Call our ethics hotline
at 404-222-1877. Fax us at 404-526-5509 or e-mail us at bparham@ajc.com. Please
provide your name and a daytime phone number. Deadline for responses is 5 p.m.
Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                  May 19, 1996

Tobacco executive tells of concerns for 'traumatised family' from jail; Boss
held in US fears daughter has tumour

BYLINE: By BRENDAN DELFINO in Boston

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 375 words


TOBACCO executive Jerry Lui Kin-hong, facing corruption charges in the United
States, says he fears his daughter may have a brain tumour.

Lui's distraught daughter is undergoing a three-day examination at the Hong Kong
Sanitarium Hospital in Happy Valley, after complaining of migraine headaches
last week.

Examination results were expected this weekend.

Speaking from a Boston jail, Lui, 41, told the Sunday Morning Post his 17-year
-old daughter, Beckie, was traumatised by his arrest and had been receiving
psychological treatment for more than two months.

The former Hong Kong director of British American Tobacco was refused bail by
the US Court of Appeals last week while fighting an attempt to extradite him to
the territory to face $ 33 million corruption charges.

He was arrested by the FBI and ICAC officers at Logan airport, Boston, in
December.

He was initially granted $ 10 million bail - with conditions including
electronic tagging - by the Massachusetts District Court, but the decision was
overturned on Thursday.

The strain was taking a heavy toll on his family in Hong Kong, particularly his
daughter, Lui said.

"She was getting bad headaches and doctors said she may have some kind of brain
tumour. I pray it is not cancer," he said.

"It is very traumatic for my family, particularly my children to know their
father is in jail. I have been here nearly six months and they have been
suffering the whole time."

Lui is alleged to have taken bribes from Hung Wing-wah, Chong Tsui-jun and
others between June 1988 and May 1993 to secure supplies of the company's
products to Wing Wah Hong, Giant Island and other firms.

He said his arrest in Boston had been orchestrated by the ICAC to pressure him
into testifying against other suspects.

"They should have arrested me in Canada where I am a citizen and could have been
granted bail. But they are trying to crack me in a US jail into helping them,"
Lui said.

Lui fought unsuccessfully for bail. He had argued on the grounds that
extradition proceedings would drag on until after the handover, and the lack of
an extradition treaty between the US and China would then force his release
anyway.

His extradition hearing was due to continue today.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1996 South China Morning Post Ltd.

                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

Blagojevich reports to prison

BYLINE: ANDREW STERN Reuters

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 434  words


CHICAGO - Convicted former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich surrendered at a
Colorado prison Thursday to begin serving a 14-year sentence on corruption
charges, with TV news cameras tracking his every step.

News cameras followed the former governor being driven from Denver's airport and
walking into the Federal Correctional Institution Englewood, about 15 miles
southwest of Denver, where he has been assigned inmate number 40892-424.

He wore jeans, a navy sports coat and carried a small backpack.

Emerging from his North Side Chicago home early Thursday to travel to the
airport for a flight to Denver, an unsmiling Blagojevich, 55, spoke briefly to
waiting reporters.

"Saying goodbye is the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I'm leaving with a
heavy heart, a clear conscience and high, high hopes for the future," he said.

Blagojevich, a two-term Democrat thrown out of office in 2009, has focused on
the appeal of his conviction and has never admitted to wrongdoing, other than
talking too much and displaying too little humility.

He would be 67 years old when he emerges from prison if he serves the minimum 85
per cent of his sentence. He's married to the daughter of his political mentor,
a Chicago alderman, and they have two daughters, the youngest eight years old.

Blagojevich was arrested in December 2008 to head off what federal prosecutor
Patrick Fitzgerald called an imminent crime spree to profit from his office,
including attempts to sell or barter the U.S. Senate seat vacated by President
Barack Obama.

Blagojevich was convicted in two trials - the jury failed to reach a verdict on
all but one count after the first trial - and in December U.S. District Judge
James Zagel handed Blagojevich a 14-year sentence on 18 corruption counts.

On Wednesday, in a lengthy parting statement before a crowd of media, neighbours
and gawkers outside his North Side Chicago home, Blagojevich recited his
accomplishments while in office and expressed optimism about his appeal.

He hugged well-wishers and autographed anything handed to him.

Republican Illinois office-holders offered their comments on the lessons from
the Blagojevich's case and called for comprehensive ethics reform.

"Let the sentencing for Gov. Blagojevich be a clear warning to all elected
officials that public corruption of any form will not be tolerated. Illinois
families have long suffered from an estimated $500 million hidden corruption
tax," Republican U.S. Senator Mark Kirk's office said in a statement.

"We need to make sure our laws help federal prosecutors crack down on public
corruption and restore integrity to Illinois."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Idaho: Source: Justice Dept. Prepares To Charge N.J. Sen. Menendez With
Corruption

LENGTH: 657  words

DATELINE: Boise


American Falls District Library of Idaho has issued the followinga news release:

Menendez told reporters during a Friday night press conference -- during which
he read from a statement and declined to take questions -- that he always had
behaved appropriately while in office.

"Let me be very clear -- very clear: I have always conducted myself
appropriately and in accordance with the law," the senator said. "Every action
that I and my office have taken for the last 23 years that I have been
privileged to be in the United States Congress has been based on pursuing the
best policies for the people of New Jersey and of this entire country."

He also defended his record and vowed not to resign.

"I fight for these issues and for the people of our country every single day,"
Menendez said. "That's who I am, and I am not going anywhere."

Updated at 3:17 p.m. ET

The Justice Department is planning to bring corruption charges against Sen.
Robert Menendez, D-N.J., alleging that he did political favors for a friend and
donor, NPR's Carrie Johnson has confirmed.
The Justice Department is planning to bring corruption charges against Sen.
Robert Menendez, D-N.J., alleging that he did political favors for a friend and
donor, NPR has confirmed.

The Justice Department is planning to bring corruption charges against Sen.
Robert Menendez, D-N.J., alleging that he did political favors for a friend and
donor, NPR has confirmed.
Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP

A person familiar with the case tells Carrie that a decision has been made to go
forward with a prosecution.

"It is not clear how long it will take for actual criminal charges to emerge,"
Carrie says.

The case is being handled by the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section
in Washington, she adds.

Tricia Enright, a spokeswoman for Menendez, said in a statement, "As we have
said before, we believe all of the senator's actions have been appropriate and
lawful and the facts will ultimately confirm that. Any actions taken by Senator
Menendez or his office have been to appropriately address public policy issues
and not for any other reason."

News of the planned charges was first reported by CNN. The case against Menendez
stems from his relationship with a Florida eye doctor named Salomon Melgen.

Menendez, who has emerged as a recent critic of the Obama administration's
policy on Iran and Cuba, came under scrutiny two years ago. As NPR's Peter
Overby reported at the time, "Melgen ... has been a longtime and generous
supporter. [In 2012], his medical practice gave $700,000 to a Democratic
superPAC, which spent nearly $600,000 to help Menendez in the November
election."

As Peter noted in his reporting, Menendez pressed two State Department officials
during a hearing about an American company that was providing port security in
the Dominican Republic. But, Menendez said during the hearing, local officials
"don't want to live by that contract." And the senator said the U.S. needed to
side with the company, ICSSI, not the Dominican government.
New Jersey Democrat Robert Menendez, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee, has asked the Justice Department to investigate a smear campaign
against him.
The Two-Way
Senator Asks U.S. To Investigate Possible Cuban Plot Against Him
The Plot Thickens For Senator Menendez

What he didn't say was that ICSSI was partially owned by Melgen.

And twice in 2009, Peter reported, "Menendez went to Medicare on Melgen's behalf
after health care officials alleged the doctor had overbilled by nearly $9
million. ... Menendez has also admitted that he failed to disclose two trips on
Melgen's private jet -- flights to a Dominican Republic resort community where
Melgen has a house."

Menendez later reimbursed Melgen for the flights.

According to the Center for Responsive Politics, Menendez had an estimated net
worth of $448,002 in 2013.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 4, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Miami to get board to oversee finances Governor opts against bailout, bankruptcy

BYLINE: Deborah Sharp

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 477 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


MIAMI -- An oversight board will be appointed to guide Miami out
of its financial mess, but there will be no bailout or power shift,
Gov. Lawton Chiles said Tuesday.

"The state is not going to take over Miami," he said.

Mired in a corruption scandal and faced with a $ 68 million budget
shortfall, Miami will be the first city in Florida to have such
a board named. But the move is not unknown among other cities
that have made it through financial crises.


"It happens infrequently, but when it happens, the boards usually
have a lot of authority," said Cathy Spain of the Washington,
D.C.-based Government Finance Officers Association. "They're
basically going in and making the hard decisions."

City leaders asked the governor for help after the shortfall in
Miami's $ 275 million annual budget came to light this fall.

Newly elected Mayor Joe Carollo blames the money woes on corruption
and a long-history of city mismanagement. "The city of Miami
is facing a fiscal crisis of monumental proportion," Carollo
said Tuesday.

The former city manager, the finance director and a commissioner
were among those targeted for federal prosecution in September.

"The shortfall is a direct result of just bad economic management,"
said Miami political consultant Philip Hamersmith. "A badly managed
city is a Petri dish for corruption, but corruption wasn't the
cause of this," Hamersmith said.

Chiles said bankruptcy for Miami isn't being contemplated at this
time. Such a move is rare, though it happened recently in Orange
County, Calif. Financial crises have grown more common in recent
years, dating to New York City's plea to President Gerald Ford
for a bailout in 1975. A New York City daily summed up Ford's
response the next day in classic tabloidese: "Ford to City: Drop
Dead."

More recent woes have led to the appointment of oversight boards,
as in Miami, or to other forms of intervention, in cities such
as Washington, D.C.; Philadelphia; Chelsea, Mass.; and Bridgeport,
Conn.

"It was really crisis management," said Chris Duby, spokesman
for Bridgeport Mayor Joseph Ganim. In 1991, Ganim won office just
as a 14-member board was named to help the city recover from a
$ 20 million shortfall.

"You know the old saying that two heads are better than one?
That's what happened here," said Duby. He said the board operated
for five years, and the city budget has balanced every year.

In addition to reviewing and revising financial procedures, boards
typically order the tough calls -- hiking taxes or cutting city
salaries and services -- elected officials are reluctant to make.

Spain said they are generally effective. But how far the Miami
board will go in solving the city's financial mess "depends on
how much power the board has, and on how deep Miami's problems
are."

LOAD-DATE: December 04, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Hugh Scoggins, AP; Chiles: 'The state is not going to take
over Miami,' governor says.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 23, 2015 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Arrest of Sheldon Silver on Corruption Charges

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 353 words


To the Editor:

The thing that struck me when reading about the arrest of Sheldon Silver, the
speaker of the New York State Assembly (nytimes.com, Jan. 22), and that always
strikes me when reading about the all-too-frequent arrests of our legislators on
corruption charges, is the casualness with which corrupt acts seem to be done,
and an apparent unconcern that there might be harsh consequences.

You'd think that a corrupt public official would go to extraordinary lengths to
make his crimes difficult to detect and even more difficult to prove, but at
least in several of the cases we know of, they rarely seem to.

Since most officials are rational people, this suggests that a pervasive culture
of corruption and their individual experiences with it have told them that they
have little to fear. That logic has to change. Any official contemplating
selling his office has to be made to know that he will end up not just in
prison, but financially ruined, if he does.

STUART KAUFMAN New York, Jan. 22, 2015

To the Editor:

The arrest of Speaker Sheldon Silver is very sad. This arrest and the previous
convictions and jail sentences of many other Albany lawmakers highlight the need
to reform the way business is conducted in our state government. A suggestion:
State lawmakers should not be allowed to invite lobbyists to their fund-raisers
during legislative sessions. And our state lawmakers must not accept
contributions from lobbyists and those who are conducting business with the
state government.

What's the difference between legal and illegal bribery? There is a culture of
pay to play in Albany that must end.

PAUL FEINER Greenburgh Town Supervisor Greenburgh, N.Y., Jan. 22, 2015

To the Editor:

The arrest of Sheldon Silver reminds me that a key source of corruption in the
New York Legislature concerns ''outside employment.'' The system used by
legislators to report this income has clearly failed. I urge the Legislature and
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo to come together to ban all outside income.

The people's representatives should work only for the people.

KARL KRONEBUSCH Brooklyn, Jan. 22, 2015




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/23/opinion/the-arrest-of-sheldon-silver-on-
corruption-charges.html

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company

                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 23, 2006 Sunday
                                  All Editions

SECTION: NEWS; Editorials; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 677 words


'Strong political economy' key to reform in Illinois

After George Ryan's conviction - and being mindful that so many other Illinois
public officials have been sent off to Uncle Sam's slammer - you might wonder
whether we are the most corrupt state in the country.

Well, take heart. We are only the fifth worst when it comes to corruption.
That's according to the Corporate Crime Reporter, in a 2004 report to the
National Press Club. Mississippi, North Dakota, Louisiana and Alaska are,
respectively, ahead of Illinois in the number of federal corruption convictions.

But being fifth is bad enough. Federal prosecutors remove a bit of muck here and
bit there, but the swamp of corruption is not drained. Why can Illinois not
shake its well-earned reputation as a crooked state? What will it take to change
this culture of corruption?

"Perhaps what matters more than strong laws is a strong political economy -
reporters, citizen groups, prosecutors, judges, religious leaders - who are
willing to speak out about the rampant corruption in our midst," concludes the
Corporate Crime Reporter, a legal newsletter edited by Russell Mokhiber.

But that community of voices for change can't grow silent between scandals. It
must be persistent in demanding reform, not least of which is opening up
government in a state that too often claims entitlement to secrecy.

Consider that residents and journalists in one of the states deemed to be among
the least corrupt by the Corporate Crime Reporter - Iowa - have worked
tirelessly to open up government. There, the courts can actually oust public
officials who are repeat violators of the state's Open Meetings Act and Public
Records Law.

Government in Iowa still can be stubborn about obeying sunshine laws. But a
culture of openness has been established there as opposed to Illinois, where
toothless open government laws would not even be feared in Beijing.

Leadership on accountability in government is hard to find, but at least
Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan has been receptive to, and acting on,
citizen and media complaints of government in hiding. Those championing open
government have an ally in Madigan. Legislators should share her respect for the
public's right to accountability in government and at last enact open government
laws that carry real consequences for violators. And then those laws should be
vigorously enforced by state and county prosecutors.

But it is not enough to open government. Change must come in the way people get
into government.

In the wake of the Ryan verdict, candidates are doubtlessly going to declare
themselves to be reformers. But take them as mere speechmakers in search of
votes if they are not serious about changing the rotten pay-to-play system that
gives special advantages to those who contribute to campaigns - or if they are
players seeking pay themselves. The power of the return on a campaign dollar is
also one than corrupts.

Beyond this, changing the culture of corruption in Illinois means giving a
chance to those who actually believe their honesty, integrity and sincere desire
to serve without individual gain - and without having to pay to play - are good
enough to get them elected. It means demanding of candidates real answers about
how they will change a corrupt state that takes little interest in governing the
conduct of its elected officials.

Illinois is the perfect breeding ground for corruption. It shuns openness. It
champions pay to play. It has more government than most other states, making it
more distant from the public, less transparent. There is a pitiful lack of
corruption prosecutions in state courts, and a glaring lack of interest in
initiating reform. Even as aggressive and effective as federal prosecutors have
been in Illinois, we wonder whether they can detect and pursue all official
corruption.

There is no one pill to cure this political sickness, nor will a cure come
quickly. But it will not come without a "strong political economy" and public
officials who either come by their honestly naturally or are forced to it by
reform.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.
