



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  13:59:47 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (corruption USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

USA main cause of corruption, says Afghan analyst

LENGTH: 524 words


Text of report by private Shamshad TV 1430 gmt 15 Sep 16

[Presenter] Americans have committed most of the administrative corruption in
Afghanistan. The latest report by Special Inspector General for Afghanistan
[SIGAR] states that the USA has channelled material support to militants.
Analysts also say that in addition to Afghanistan, countries where the US has
presence are at the top of the list of corrupt countries.

[Correspondent] SIGAR has openly admitted that the USA itself was involved in
most of the corruption committed in Afghanistan and deliberately turned a blind
eye to the facts.

[SIGAR John F. Sopko's message in Pashto] The USA pumped billions of dollars
into the Afghan economy without any oversight. It cooperated with Afghan
militants filling their pockets with billions of US taxpayers' money and turning
a blind eye to corruption in this country.

[Correspondent resumes] Analysts also believe that the USA has fed corruption
into the governments of some countries to continue its presence there, and
involving countries in corruption is a major part of the US strategy for its
presence.

[Kabul University Lecturer Asadollah Wahidi, captioned, speaking in Pashto]
Those countries where the USA has presence or with which the USA has problems
have become the most corrupt countries. As an example, I can name three
countries. Afghanistan, Iraq and Somalia became highly corrupt countries when
the USA intervened there. Therefore, I believe that corruption is an inseparable
part of its colonial policies and ideology.

[Correspondent] Others believe that the USA is conducting war to boost its
economy and that the USA is extensively involved in corruption and Afghanistan
to a small degree.

[Political Analyst Nazar Mohammad Motmaen, captioned, speaking in Pashto] The
USA is the main source of corruption in Afghanistan. The Americans could not
commit corruption without its Afghan partners. The USA and international
community are mainly involved and the Afghan government to a small degree in
corruption.

[Political Analyst Asef Wardag, captioned, speaking in Pashto] Who is feeding
corruption in Afghanistan? Those who established the Afghan system. I admit
millions of dollars have been provided to Afghanistan, but they were taken back
to the it.

[Correspondent] However, others also accuse SIGAR of corruption saying why it
did not publish such reports when corruption was being committed?

[Motmaen] Regarding the flow of money to militants, I should say that every
Afghan security company had reached an agreement with militants and would give
part of the money [it received from the Americans] to them so that their
projects are not attacked.

[Wahidi] If the USA continues to use its aid money and award contracts to
contractors the way it does now, its presence will contribute to the growth of
corruption. Its assistance is actually aimed at contributing to corruption.

[Corruption] SIGAR has published this report at a time when Transparency
International has said that the level of corruption in Somalia, North Korea and
Afghanistan is higher than in other countries.

Source: Shamshad TV, Kabul, in Pashto 1430gmt 15 Sep 16

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

For a small state, Louisiana has a lot of crooks

BYLINE: Leslie Cauley

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 533 words


Despite its ragged reputation, Louisiana isn't the worst state when it comes to
public scandals. In terms of raw numbers of federal public corruption
convictions, California, Florida and Ohio are worse.

From 1995 to 2004, there were 871 federal public corruption convictions in
California, according to the U.S. attorney general's office. Florida had 813
convictions. New York had 790. Ohio and Pennsylvania were even with 515
convictions each. Louisiana's toll: 310.

Still, Louisiana has nothing to crow about. California, the USA's most-populated
state, has 36 million residents. Louisiana, No. 24 in population size, claims
just 4 million residents.

The point: For a small state, Louisiana produces a lot of crooked politicians.

Louisiana's historically cavalier attitude about corruption also sets it apart,
says Fred Smith, president of the Competitive Enterprise Institute in
Washington, D.C.

In most jurisdictions, public scandals are considered highly embarrassing
events, but in Louisiana, he says, they're practically a point of pride.

"Corruption exists in every culture," says Smith. "But in Louisiana it is
accepted to a level that is unbelievable."

Why so casual about corruption?

Smith, a native Louisianan, thinks it all comes down to the region's Big Easy
style: It embraces debauchery and eschews anything that smacks of convention.
Mardi Gras, a weeklong hedonistic celebration, is the ultimate symbol of the
city's sensibility, he says.

Racial tension has been a part of the state's uneasy balance for years, Smith
notes. But when it comes to corruption, he says, the region is colorblind.

"The trouble is not black-white," Smith says. "It's Louisiana. There's a deep
willingness of the people who live there to look at corruption and not condemn
it."

U.S. Attorney Jim Letten, for one, thinks that attitude may be changing.

As evidence, he points to the groundswell of cooperation with law enforcement
agencies in the post-Katrina world.

Letten says he is hopeful that the trend, which had been gaining momentum before
the storm hit, will continue.

"Post-Katrina there are opportunities for us to rebuild the city and the region
better than what it was," says Letten, a native of New Orleans.

"There's opportunity for mischief from the bad guys," he adds. "But there's also
opportunity for good, and I really think we will come out on the positive end of
that."

Corruption convictions
Federal public corruption convictions by state and other regions, 1995-2004:
StateConvictions
Alabama 157
Alaska  39
Arizona  60
Arkansas 64
California 871
Colorado  59
Connecticut  76
Delaware  31
District of Columbia  387
Florida  813
Georgia 207
Guam  100
Hawaii  55
Idaho  49
Illinois 596
Indiana 123
Iowa 27
Kansas  40
Kentucky 210
Louisiana 310
Maine  25
Maryland  88
Massachusetts  190
Michigan 199
Minnesota  67
Mississippi 212
Missouri 168
Montana  51
Nebraska  11
Nevada  46
New Hampshire  12
New Jersey  348
New Mexico  23
New York 790
North Carolina 156
North Dakota  55
Ohio 515
Oklahoma 83
Oregon  21
Pennsylvania 515
Puerto Rico  195
Rhode Island  27
South Carolina  81
South Dakota  40
Tennessee 190
Texas 569
Utah  29
Vermont  12
Virgin Islands  44
Virginia 224
Washington 107
West Virginia 57
Wisconsin 96
Wyoming  11
Source: Department of Justice

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

Government corruption costs American taxpayers tens of billions of dollars

LENGTH: 605  words


A new study by researchers at Indiana University and City University of Hong
Kong identifies the most corrupt and least corrupt states in the United States
and calculates that government corruption costs American taxpayers tens of
billions of dollars a year.

The study demonstrates that corruption goes hand-in-hand with excessive state
spending. In the 10 most corrupt states, simply reducing corruption to an
average level would lower annual state spending by $1,308 per person -- or 5.2
percent of state expenditures. Corrupt states also spend more on construction
and capital projects and less on services, including education.

"The Impact of Public Officials' Corruption on the Size and Allocation of US
State Spending" will appear in the May/June 2014 issue of Public Administration
Review and can be read now online. It presents the first research on the impact
of public officials' corruption on spending by U.S. states.

Authors are Cheol Liu, assistant professor in the Department of Public Policy at
City University of Hong Kong, and John Mikesell, Chancellor's Professor in the
School of Public and Environmental Affairs (SPEA) at Indiana University
Bloomington. Liu earned his Ph.D. from SPEA at IU Bloomington.

"Policy makers should pay close attention that public resources are not used for
private gains of the few but rather distributed effectively and fairly for
various purposes," they write, arguing that reducing corruption can be a tool to
restrain spending as when states struggle to balance their budgets.

To establish which states are most corrupt, the researchers examined more than
25,000 convictions for violations of federal anti-corruption laws between 1976
and 2008 and created a "corruption index" by comparing convictions with the
number of government employees. Convictions were not correlated to state
differences in police, prosecution and court resources, suggesting they were a
reflection of the extent of corruption, not of law enforcement effort.

The 10 most corrupt states were Mississippi, Louisiana, Tennessee, Illinois,
Pennsylvania, Alabama, Alaska, South Dakota, Kentucky and Florida. The 10 least
corrupt states were Oregon, Washington, Minnesota, Nebraska, Iowa, Vermont,
Utah, New Hampshire, Colorado and Kansas.

In addition to spending more than expected, corrupt states spent more on
government activities and services that are susceptible to manipulation for
private gain and less on other activities. For example:

*  More corrupt states spent more money on construction, capital and highway
projects. That type of spending often involves large expenditures, small numbers
of contractors and clients and a lack of transparency, making it vulnerable to
bribes, kickbacks and extortion.
*  More corrupt states spent more on high wages, which benefit government
employees. And they were more likely to engage in deficit financing, which tends
to conceal the true cost of government spending from the public.
*  More corrupt states spent more on law enforcement and on prisons, reflecting
both the legal costs of corruption and the fact that prison construction and
operation are potentially lucrative.
*  More corrupt states spent less on education at all levels, public welfare,
health and hospitals, areas that offer fewer opportunities for public corruption
.

"The harmful impact of corruption on education persists even after expenditures
on education are divided into subcategories: elementary and secondary education
and higher education," the paper says. "These results imply that public
officials' corruption reduces states' investment in education overall." IU
Bloomington Newsroom

AHT/ARA

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2014 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday

BYLINE: Mary Ann Akers, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: HEARD ON THE HILL

LENGTH: 1064 words


Culture of Something. So when does a "culture of corruption" become a "milieu of
corruption," or a "climate of corruption," or even an "environment of corruption
?"

The issue was debated last week by staffers on the House Administration
Committee in response to a request by Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) to
distribute a piece of franked mail to 200,000 of her San Francisco constituents.

Pelosi sought permission to use the term "culture of corruption" in a newsletter

to folks in her district. Under House rules, Members must get approval from the
Franking Commission, which is under the authority of House Administration,
before sending out any mail paid for using government dollars.

For those who have been unconscious for the past year, "culture of corruption"
is the mantra that Pelosi and other party leaders have adopted in response to
the Jack Abramoff and Duke Cunningham scandals, among the other ethics
imbroglios that have swept across Capitol Hill.

The California Democrat has evoked the GOP's "culture of corruption" in
discussing virtually every topic under the sun - Medicare, Rep. Tom DeLay
(R-Texas), student aid, lobbying reform, Scooter Libby, presidential campaign
funding, Hurricane Katrina, the federal budget deficit, energy policy, and the
Central American Free Trade Agreement, to name several.

But the Franking Commission argued that the phrase "culture of corruption"
clearly was a Democratic campaign slogan, pointing to the fact that the
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee uses those words on its Web site,
and thus was a franking no-no. Democrats then offered their own alternatives for
the offending phrase:

¥ "climate of corruption"

¥ "atmosphere of corruption"

¥ "environment of corruption"

¥ "milieu of corruption"

¥ "surrounded by corruption"

¥ "quagmire of corruption"

¥ "engulfed in corruption"

¥ "swimming in corruption"

¥ "drowning in corruption"

¥ "mired in corruption"

¥ "under a cloud of corruption"

¥ "without (any) regard for the applicable Ethics in Government Act, House Rules
and/or regulations, etc."

Pelosi decided that the phrases "climate of corruption" and "environment of
corruption" would do nicely, thank you very much, and the Franking Commission
approved the revision.

Whew! Thankfully for our business, partisanship is still alive and well in the
House of Representatives.

Jealous Husband. Despite being one of the hottest commodities at this week's
annual National Governors Association meeting, Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer (D)
didn't get the seat he wanted at the White House dinner for governors on Sunday
night. His wife, Nancy, got it instead.

"She got to sit between Karl Rove and Dick Cheney," Schweitzer pouted. "I
thought to myself, 'That's where I would have liked to be sitting.'" Boo hoo.
Then again, the governor admitted, Nancy's father is "Dick Cheney's biggest
fan."

"He voted for the first Democrat in his life when I ran," he added.

After giving speeches and doing interviews all over town, Schweitzer missed his
own appearance on the CBS news show "60 Minutes" Sunday evening to attend the
White House dinner. And still, his wife got the good - if dangerous - seat,
smack dab between Bush's brain and America's most famous lawyer hunter.

"I wished I could have sat there. Dick and I could have shared hunting stories,"
Schweitzer said. "He could have showed me how they do it in Texas. I could have
said, "We do it a little different in Montana.'"

Luckily, Mrs. Schweitzer didn't get peppered with birdshot or the political
equivalent of bird something else. "They were perfect gentlemen," the governor
assured HOH.

King Cakes Thanks. House and Senate offices received deliveries of New
Orleans-style king cakes and Mardi Gras beads on Fat Tuesday, courtesy of the
Louisiana Recovery Authority headed by Gov. Kathleen Blanco (D). More
specifically, courtesy of Ketchum Public Relations, which has a contract with
the foundation that oversees Blanco's post-hurricane rebuilding effort.

One influential House committee that received the cakes wasn't so grateful, and
questioned the propriety of the gift, even if it fell within allowable gift-ban
limits.

"It's a boneheaded move right before a skeptical Congress considers a disaster
supplemental in a tough budget climate," one committee aide said. "Chalk it up
to one more not-so-brilliant move by the Blanco administration."

Ketchum spokeswoman Natalie Wyeth told HOH the cakes were sent as "a thank you"
to Members for their commitment to helping the state of Louisiana. "People were
happy to get a thank you," she said.

A couple of jittery offices returned the cakes, concerned that they might
somehow violate gift rules in the current wine-and-dine-but-hide atmosphere. But
they had nothing to worry about. Each cake costs $3.99, Wyeth assured.

Flying High. Though nothing as daring as the Mile High Club, Rep. John Doolittle
(R-Calif.) took an adventurous ride recently in a plane piloted by the son of
one of his political opponents.

The Congressional delegation plane ride ended with quite a jolt when Doolittle
realized that the co-pilot of the military plane was the son of a Democrat who
is trying to unseat him.

The 26-year-old co-pilot, Jeff Brown, a C-130 Air Force pilot stationed in Iraq,
flew Doolittle and others, including Rep. Katherine Harris (R-Fla.), from
Baghdad to a base in northern Iraq one Sunday last month.

Brown's father, Charles Brown, is a retired Air Force officer running in the
Democratic primary seeking to challenge Doolittle in November. According to the
elder Brown, when Doolittle got off the plane, the flight commander yelled to
him, "Well, Charlie Brown and his son hope that you had a nice flight."

Doolittle did a double take but said nothing, according to candidate Brown. The
younger Brown had called home at his first possible opportunity to tell his
father about the coincidence. Dad's reaction: "My son is flying one of the
chicken hawks around."

Never one to lampoon himself, Doolittle wasn't crazy about the chicken hawk
moniker. "Congressman Doolittle met Jeff, was impressed with him and believes
that Mr. Brown should be very proud of his son," Doolittle spokeswoman Laura
Blackann said. "However, it's unfortunate that Mr. Brown is using his son's
service to score a few political points."

John Bresnahan and Josh Kurtz contributed to this report.

Please send your hot tips, juicy gossip or comments to hoh@rollcall.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Roll Call, Inc.


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Paper: Level of Corruption Linked to Amounts Spent on Large Infrastructure
Projects

BYLINE: Jim Watts

SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 586  words


DALLAS - A direct correlation exists between the level of public corruption in a
state and how much the state spends on highways and construction projects,
according to a new study that looked at convictions under federal corruption
laws over more than three decades.

The millions or even billions of dollars involved in large transportation and
infrastructure projects provide opportunities for corruption that otherwise
would not be available, said researchers Cheol Liu of the City University of
Hong Kong and John L. Mikesell of Indiana University at Bloomington in the paper
published in the spring 2014 issue of Public Administration Review.

"State spending on construction, capital, and highway projects often involves
large expenditures, a small numbers of contractors and clients, and a lack of
transparency, making it vulnerable to bribes, kickbacks, and extortion," Liu and
Mikesell said.

Not only does corruption result in higher costs for projects, Liu and Mikesell
said, it also distorts spending priorities to favor projects that provide
enhanced opportunities for stealing public funds.

"Corruption is likely to distort states' public resource allocations in favor of
higher potential 'bribe-generating' spending and items beneficial to public
officials directly," they said.

States with a higher level of corruption are likely to favor capital
construction, highways, and borrowing, the paper said, while spending less on
education, health, and hospitals.

"It is very common to bribe government officials to gain or alter contracts and
to circumvent regulations related to construction," it said.

The paper analyzes more than 25,000 convictions of state and local officials for
violating federal corruption statutes. It is based on a Department of Justice
report to Congress that covers convictions from 1976 to 2009.

"We find that public officials' corruption caused state spending to be
artificially elevated," the researchers said. "The 10 most corrupt states could
have reduced their total expenditures annually by $1,308 per capita, on average,
if their corruption level was at the level of the states' average [of] 5.2% of
mean per capita expenditure."

Liu and Mikesell said based on the Department of Justice figures, the 10 most
corrupt states over the more than three decades are, in order, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Tennessee, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Alabama, Alaska, South Dakota,
Kentucky, and Florida. Factors in the ranking include total state population and
the number of public employees.

"Corrupt states are more likely to engage in deficit financing, which tends to
conceal the true cost of government spending from the public," Liu and Mikesell
said.

"[Corrupt states] spent more on high wages, which benefit government employees,"
the researchers said. "They also spent more on law enforcement and on prisons,
reflecting both the legal costs of corruption and the fact that prison
construction and operation are potentially lucrative."

The 10 least corrupt states in the study are Oregon, Washington, Minnesota,
Nebraska, Iowa, Vermont, Utah, New Hampshire, Colorado, and Kansas.

Investments in highways and debt issues are crucial to a state's economic growth
and development, Liu and Mikesell said.

"Increases in state's expenditures on capital, construction, highways, and
borrowing are not problematic in themselves," they said. "However, policymakers
should pay close attention so that public resources are not used for private
gains of the few but rather distributed effectively and fairly."

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Texas: [Webinar] Hot Topics in Anti-Corruption Enforcement and Compliance -
April 22nd, 12:00pm, EDT

LENGTH: 759 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



        Date:Fri, Apr 22, 2016

     Time:12:00 PM EDT

     Duration: 1 hour



 Host(s):CREATe.org

 Registere here

 The Center for Responsible Enterprise And Trade (CREATe.org) and Transparency
International-USA (TI-USA), cordially invite you to join us for a briefing to
discuss The World Bank Sanctions Process, the forthcoming ISO Anti-Bribery
Management System Standard & TI-USA's Compliance Verification Report.  The
webinar is sponsored by PwC Anti-corruption Center of Excellence.





 Moderator: Glenn Ware



 Glenn T. Ware, Esq. is a Principal/Practice Group Leader at
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) and leads the Anti-Corruption & Corporate
Intelligence Practice for the U.S. firm.  He also founded PwC's Anti-Corruption
Centre of Excellence - the first of its kind private sector organization
dedicated to collecting and promulgating best practices in anti-corruption for
the public and private sectors. For clients, he directs a diverse group of over
50 interdisciplinary investigative, forensic, technology, and intelligence
professionals that offer the full spectrum of anti-corruption services across
all business sectors - both public and private. Prior to coming to PwC, he
served as the Chief Investigative Counsellor to the President of the World Bank
Group where he was a chief architect and directed the anti-corruption
investigative function across the entire Bank portfolio. While at the Bank, he
ran the Africa Investigative Unit for five years before being promoted to Chief
Counsellor.

 Panelist: Pascale H&eacute;l&egrave;ne Dubois



 Ms. Dubois is the head of the World Bank's Office of Suspension and Debarment.
She has been involved with the World Bank's anti-corruption efforts for over a
decade. Prior to her appointment as Chief Suspension and Debarment Officer, she
managed the Voluntary Disclosure Program in the World Bank's Integrity Vice
Presidency. She also worked as an operational lawyer advising the Africa region
of the World Bank for seven years. Before joining the World Bank, she was in
private practice for ten years in the US and Belgium. Ms. Dubois is a Senior
Advisor to the American Bar Association Section of International Law's Anti-
Corruption Committee, having earlier served as Co-Chair for three years, and is
Co-Chair of the International Bar Association's Anti-Corruption Committee. She
is a Certified Fraud Examiner. For the past seven years, she has been an Adjunct
Professor at Georgetown University Law Center, where she teaches a course on
international anti-corruption.

 Panelist: Leslie Benton

 Leslie Benton is the Vice President of Advocacy and Stakeholder Engagement of
CREATE.org. Ms. Benton is a former Senior Vice President of Levick Strategic
Communications, where she led the anti-corruption and compliance communications
practice. Previously, she was the Senior Policy Director for the U.S. chapter of
Transparency International, where she spearheaded the chapter's outreach to the
U.S. Government, the G8 and G20, international institutions, multilateral
development banks and the private sector. A lawyer by training, Ms. Benton is
widely recognized for her experience in navigating the complex legal and
regulatory landscape for NGOs and Fortune 500 companies in addition to her
expertise in corporate compliance and governance, anti-corruption reform, and
trade policy.

 Panelist: Shruti Shah

 Mrs. Shah is the Vice President of Programs and Operations at Transparency
International-USA. Shruti spearheads TI-USA's outreach to the U.S. Government,
the G8 and G20, and international organizations. She develops and implements
advocacy campaigns and collaborates with the private sector and civil society
representatives to ensure that anti-corruption laws and commitments made in
international fora are implemented and effectively enforced. She also leads TI-
USA's work in promoting greater transparency and accountability to stem the flow
of proceeds of corruption, with attention to reforms in the areas of beneficial
ownership transparency and anti- money laundering laws. Prior to joining TI-USA,
she spent over a decade working for Big 4 accounting firms (e.g. PwC and KPMG)
in the United States, the United Kingdom and India. She was involved in
developing PwC's fraud risk management policy and methodology and has served as
a subject matter expert for numerous audit engagement teams.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

Afghan papers discuss USA's long stay plan, fight against corruption

LENGTH: 436 words


The following is a selection of quotes from editorials published in the 30
January editions of Dari and Pashto-language Afghan newspapers:

Corruption

In corruption perception index rankings, Afghanistan is one of the most corrupt
countries in the world. A number of Afghan papers have expressed concern over
this.

Headline "Third position in corruption"

Hasht-e Sobh (independent, http://www.8am.af/): "Afghanistan ranked third in
administrative corruption. After Somali and North Korea, our country is the most
corrupt country in the world. This indicates that administrative and financial
corruption is part of general and political culture in Afghanistan. No one
should doubt this... Afghanistan's position will go up in the list of the most
corrupt countries of the world unless there is serious political determination
in the fight against corruption." [http://8am.af/1394/11/10/corruption
-afghanistan-political/]

USA's long-stay plan

The USA has recently announced that it is trying to stay in Afghanistan for
years to fight terrorism and help train Afghan security forces. A number of
Afghan papers have shown mixed reactions to this announcement, with some
supporting the move and some others criticizing it.

Headline "Afghan forces need USA's continued help"

Hewad (state-run, no online version available): "Afghans need the USA's
long-term help in different areas, especially in the military field. For this
reason, Afghanistan and the US reached an agreement that the US-led NATO mission
s in Afghanistan should continue. The USA promised that it would train and
strengthen Afghan forces, especially Afghan air force... The people and
government of Afghanistan know that it cannot find an alternative to the USA's
friendship in the world and that Afghanistan has signed long-term security and
defence agreements with the USA for strategic relations and military help and
cooperation."

Headline "The recent worsening of security and the drama of increase in US
forces"

Weesa (private, no online version available): "When the phase of the security
agreement came, we witnessed a massive wave of worsening security and attacks...
The security agreement was signed, but one and a half years afterwards, a game
is being played now on the withdrawal or not withdrawal, an increase or decrease
in the number of American forces.... The people of Afghanistan are waiting to
see an end to this damn drama. We should have clear definitions of our friends
and foes, and our relations, commitments and agreements should be made based on
these definitions."

Source: Quotes package from BBC Monitoring, in Dari and Pashto 30 Jan 16

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 22, 2011 Monday

Indian-Americans protest corruption in home country

BYLINE: Gary V. Murray

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - About 40 Indian-Americans from throughout New England gathered on
the shore of Lake Quinsigamond yesterday to protest what they said was rampant
corruption in their homeland.

The group, which included about 20 University of Massachusetts Medical School
scientists and students, gathered at Regatta Point in Quinsigamond State Park
for a peaceful demonstration supporting the cause of India Against Corruption
and its leader, social activist Anna Hazare. He is conducting a hunger strike to
demand that Indian lawmakers pass a bill creating an independent, anti-
corruption watchdog agency that would have authority over the top levels of
government.

"We still feel strongly for India and we want to have a better India when we go
back so we want India corruption-free," said Aparna Oruganty-Das, a graduate
student at the medical school and one of the organizers of the event.

Rakesh Kesavan of Nashua, N.H., said he was forced to pay an Indian official a
bribe the equivalent of about $100 in order to secure a visa for his wife,
Swetha Rakesh, who accompanied him to yesterday's demonstration.

"That is why we are here," he said.

Protesters said bribes are required in India to get a driver's license, secure a
passport or ensure admission to certain schools.

"There is corruption at every level, rampant corruption," said Ms. Oruganty-Das.

Her husband, Gautam Das, also a scientist at the medical school, said there was
a growing movement in support of "Anna's Jan Lokpal," India Against Corruption's
proposed anti-corruption legislation.

"We strongly believe if this bill is passed, we could surely see a corruption
-free India," said Sunil Malonia, another UMass Medical School scientist who
helped organize yesterday's demonstration.

"We want to create more awareness. We think we can make a difference to some
extent," said Ms. Oruganty-Das.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - About 40 Indian-Americans from throughout New England
gathered on the shore of Lake Quinsigamond yesterday to protest what they said
was rampant corruption in their homeland.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 28, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Study: Isolation increases corruption

BYLINE: JAMES L. ROSICA, Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 680 words


Findings based on distance from major cities

BY JAMES L. ROSICA

Tribune staff

TALLAHASSEE Is Florida government inherently more corrupt because its capital is
far from the state's major cities?

"Yes" is the answer from two scholars in a working paper released last week.

Not exactly, others say.

Filipe Campante of Harvard's Kennedy School of Government and Paris-based
economist Quoc-Anh Do argue that "isolated capital cities are associated with
higher levels of corruption."

The paper was issued by the National Bureau of Economic Research, a nonpartisan
research group.

"I don't know that we have much to say about Florida specifically," Campante
said. "But Florida has one of the most isolated capitals, no matter how you
measure it."

As evidence, he and Do plotted the average number of elected officials convicted
of federal crimes related to corruption against the relative isolation of the
capital city, then adjusted for population.

By their measure, Boston -- the biggest city in Massachusetts and its capital --
is less corrupt than Tallahassee, which is about 165 miles from Jacksonville,
275 miles from Tampa and 480 miles from Miami.

That doesn't quite ring true for Beth Rosenson, a political science professor at
the University of Florida. She mentions a history of corruption in her home
state of Massachusetts, attributable to its legislature's longtime one-party
rule by Democrats.

"In general, people don't think about (corruption) much," Rosenson said. "If the
media isn't publicizing it, the politicians think they can get away with it."

High voter turnout also is a signal of less corruption, because it shows voters
are paying attention to those in office, she added. Florida's turnout for the
2012 general election, in which all state House and Senate seats were up for
election, was about 71 percent.

Campante agrees that "there are many factors to consider, but again, we looked
at isolation."

Rosenson said some voters will "trade off" charges of corruption against their
own views. In other words, they'll overlook corruption because they otherwise
agree with an elected official's stands.

"Politicians, of course, know this: that they won't lose a huge amount of votes
due to a corruption scandal, and that they are more likely than not to be
returned to office by the voters, particularly if they were popular to begin
with," she said.

Still, Florida was No. 1 in federal public corruption convictions from 2000 to
2010, with 781, according to Justice Department figures reported last year by
Integrity Florida, an independent government watchdog.

Campante and Do's study "attempts to paint state capitals as corrupt but the
data actually points to federal and local officials with more convictions," said
Dan Krassner, the group's executive director.

"That is true, there's more of them," Campante said. "That's certainly a feature
of that data."

The two researchers themselves acknowledge there could be some amount of squish
in their findings.

For example, "It is not clear whether a given distance means the same thing in
states that are geographically small or large: 100 miles could be seen as a long
distance in New Jersey, but not so much in California," they write.

Moreover, this year Florida lawmakers passed and Gov. Rick Scott signed into law
an ethics overhaul bill.

Among other things, the new law prohibits legislators from voting on bills they
could profit from financially, bans them from lobbying any state agency for two
years after leaving office, and prohibits them from taking new government jobs
while in office.

It also gives the Florida Commission on Ethics more power to collect fines and
initiate investigations, and it allows the commission to post elected officials'
financial disclosure forms online.

That fits the need for "extra vigilance" that Campante and Do write about.

"Put simply, watchdogs need to bark louder when there is a higher chance that
people are not paying much attention," they said.

jrosica@tampatrib.com

@jlrosicaTBO

Copyright © 2013, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 29, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

System Is Likely to Conceal, Study Says

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 367 words


Following are excerpts from the interim report on police corruption released
yesterday by the Mollen Commission.

The reluctance to uncover and effectively investigate corruption infected the
entire anti-corruption apparatus, from training, supervision and command
accountability to investigations and intelligence gathering. Our investigation
revealed an anti-corruption system that was more likely to conceal corruption
than uncover it and a department often more interested in the appearance of
integrity than its reality. Oversight of anti-corruption efforts was virtually
nonexistent; intelligence-gathering efforts were negligible; corruption
investigations were often deliberately limited and prematurely closed and
integrity control officers and supervisors were denied the tools needed to
uncover corruption and, in practice, played virtually no role in corruption
-control efforts.

And perhaps most alarming, in a department known for its high levels of
performance, investigative ingenuity and managerial expertise, no one seemed to
care. Despite the importance of its corruption-fighting mandate, the department
allocated little of its billion-dollar-plus budget to anti-corruption efforts.
Moreover, although performance in most divisions in the department is carefully
scrutinized at several levels, neither I.A.D. nor other units or supervisors
responsible for fighting corruption were held accountable for their performance.

                                    .  .  .

I.A.D. abandoned its primary responsibilities to investigate serious and complex
corruption cases, to uncover patterns of corruption through trend analysis and
self-initiated investigations and to oversee and assist the F.I.A.U.'s. For
example, I.A.D. assigned itself a caseload of largely easy cases, including
cases like sleeping on the job; failed to solicit significant information
through its undercover program; initiated no self-generated investigations
during at least the past five years, despite an entire unit purportedly
dedicated to that task, and relied on a large number of investigators with no
prior investigative experience, many of whom never took the required
investigations training course.


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Text

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             August 22, 2011 Monday

Indian-Americans protest corruption in home country

BYLINE: Gary V. Murray, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 306 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


About 40 Indian-Americans from throughout New England gathered on the shore of
Lake Quinsigamond yesterday to protest what they said was rampant corruption in
their homeland.

The group, which included about 20 University of Massachusetts Medical School
scientists and students, gathered at Regatta Point in Quinsigamond State Park
for a peaceful demonstration supporting the cause of India Against Corruption
and its leader, social activist Anna Hazare. He is conducting a hunger strike to
demand that Indian lawmakers pass a bill creating an independent, anti-
corruption watchdog agency that would have authority over the top levels of
government.

"We still feel strongly for India and we want to have a better India when we go
back so we want India corruption-free," said Aparna Oruganty-Das, a graduate
student at the medical school and one of the organizers of the event.

Rakesh Kesavan of Nashua, N.H., said he was forced to pay an Indian official a
bribe the equivalent of about $100 in order to secure a visa for his wife,
Swetha Rakesh, who accompanied him to yesterday's demonstration.

"That is why we are here," he said.

Protesters said bribes are required in India to get a driver's license, secure a
passport or ensure admission to certain schools.

"There is corruption at every level, rampant corruption," said Ms. Oruganty-Das.

Her husband, Gautam Das, also a scientist at the medical school, said there was
a growing movement in support of "Anna's Jan Lokpal," India Against Corruption's
proposed anti-corruption legislation.

"We strongly believe if this bill is passed, we could surely see a corruption
-free India," said Sunil Malonia, another UMass Medical School scientist who
helped organize yesterday's demonstration.

"We want to create more awareness. We think we can make a difference to some
extent," said Ms. Oruganty-Das.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Why are Pa. taxes so high? Corruption

BYLINE: by BRAD BUMSTED

LENGTH: 794 words


HARRISBURG "" Pennsylvanians pay inflated taxes because the state's public
corruption rate is among the highest in the nation, says a scholarly study based
on data from the Justice Department.

The report in Public Administration Review shows public corruption "implicitly
causes taxpayers to pay more," said John Mikesell, an economics professor at
Indiana University and co-author of the study.

Corruption costs taxpayers about $1,308 per person more per year in states with
the most corruption, compared to states with average corruption levels, the
study says.

Justice Department data place Pennsylvania historically among the 10 most
corrupt states. Statistics from 1976 through 2008 rank the state with
Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Florida, Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, South
Dakota and Alaska.

The Justice Department defines public corruption as  "crimes involving abuses of
the public trust by government officials," including crimes ranging from
bribery, extortion and vote-buying to obstruction of justice, money laundering
and fraud."  The data included 25,000 government officials convicted of crimes.

More recent federal figures, from 2001-2010, show Pennsylvania in the top 10
based on every 10,000 government employees, but ranked below that tier on a
per-capita basis.

The research by Mikesell and Cheol Liu of City University of Hong Kong goes a
step further, saying public corruption "distorts" the direction of state
spending. "Compared to less corrupt states, more corrupt states are likely to
spend more on corrections, construction and police," on average, than on
"education, welfare and health," Liu said.

Higher spending in areas such as construction, road building and prisons
provides greater chances for corrupt officials to use projects for personal
gain, the study suggests.

"I'd say, based on my experience, it is true," said former U.S. Attorney James
West, who was the chief prosecutor in Central Pennsylvania and handled several
high-profile corruption cases.

Yet former Republican Gov. Tom Ridge said Pennsylvania shouldn't be categorized
as a corrupt state.

"There have been investigations that led to the trials and convictions of some
public servants; you can't deny that history," Ridge said on Tuesday during a
Pittsburgh visit.

But Ridge, whose Ridge Policy Group lobbies in Washington and Harrisburg, said
he would yell "from the highest rooftop, the highest building in Pennsylvania
... we absolutely reject that."

The Justice Department figures don't count at least 26 public corruption
convictions in Pennsylvania courts since 2010, mostly for using public resources
for campaigns.

Those cases include the guilty plea of ex-House Speaker John Perzel,
R-Philadelphia, and jury convictions of former Speaker Bill DeWeese,
D-Waynesburg, and Supreme Court Justice Joan Orie Melvin, R-Marshall. Perzel
oversaw the theft of $10 million in computer data and equipment for campaigns.

Separately, ex-House Democratic Whip Mike Veon, formerly of Beaver Falls,
approved the use of $1.4 million in tax money as incentive for Democratic
staffers to work on campaigns, a Dauphin County jury decided.

"There's a direct connection" between increased government costs and corruption,
said West. In the 1970s, that sometimes amounted to 10 percent tacked onto the
cost of a public contract and funneled to political operations "" costs
ultimately borne by contractors and citizens, West said.

"The commonwealth's political culture has shown a tolerance for politicians who
use their offices for personal and political gain," said J. Wesley Leckrone, a
political science professor at Widener University. "The fact that corruption is
correlated with higher spending on capital projects, construction and
transportation is not surprising since the distribution of contracts in these
areas could be advantageous in a pay-to-play culture."

Attorney General Kathleen Kane last year spoke of "untold millions" in public
costs as a result of a Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission corruption scandal. A
grand jury alleged bribery and bid-rigging. Former Turnpike officials maintain
their innocence.

Some corruption cases are etched in state history.

A state contract awarded in the 1980s to Computer Technology Associates, an
obscure California company whose owner offered bribes to Pennsylvania pols, was
much higher than one offered by a "Big Eight" accounting firm, said West, who
prosecuted people tied to the case.

The scandal led to the conviction of former state Treasurer R. Budd Dwyer, who
killed himself with a handgun at a news conference on Jan. 22, 1987. His public
suicide was aired unedited by some TV stations.

Staff writer Tom Fontaine contributed to this report. Brad Bumsted is Trib Total
Media's state Capitol reporter.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            February 14, 2014 Friday
                              Business Day Edition

Public servants blow the whistle

BYLINE: David Gleason

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 360  words


Public servants blow the whistle

LIKE the famed frog in the pot that becomes so accustomed to the gradual
increase in the water temperature that he doesn't notice he's being boiled to
death, we have become so inured to tales of corruption that we barely take
notice of them any longer.

The same can be said of hijackings - they have to be brutal to get more than a
line in the press.

The nongovernmental organisation Corruption Watch has just reported that the
number of allegations later proven to be acts of corruption increased from 38%
in 2012 to 58% last year, and then says this is & unsurprising& Since January
2012 it has received 5,485 reports of alleged corruption.

Here's the good news: Corruption Watch says the majority of those & who reported
to the organisation were black men, aged between 30 and 59, and mainly employed
in the public service& It is heartening to note that public servants are
conscious of their duties to the nation.

Here's the bad news: more than half of those reporting corruption (53%) & had
previously presented their cases to organisations such as national and
provincial government departments and, most commonly, to the public protector or
South African Police Service& Interestingly, about half of those reporting to
Corruption Watch said they did so because they felt it was a moral obligation
and the right thing to do, while 28% said they were responding to laws requiring
them to make these reports.

The executive director of Corruption Watch, David Lewis, observes that almost
60% said they lodged reports because they believed Corruption Watch could combat
corruption. That is in line with Transparency International's Global Corruption
Barometer, which shows that 89% of South Africans are willing to fight against
corruption.

SA is not, of course, the only country to struggle with undue enrichment. Former
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin, who became an emblem of government dysfunction
after Hurricane Katrina wrecked the city, was found guilty in a federal court on
Wednesday on 20 counts of bribery, wire fraud, and falsifying tax returns.

Nagin, who now lives tucked away in Dallas, Texas, faces up to 20 years in
prison.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday

Michael J. Anderson Named Special Agent in Charge of Chicago Division

LENGTH: 473  words


Director James B. Comey has named Michael J. Anderson special agent in charge
(SAC) of the FBI's Chicago Division. Mr. Anderson most recently served as SAC of
the New Orleans Division since 2012.

Mr. Anderson began his career as a special agent with the FBI in July 1995. He
first reported to the Miami Division, where he investigated public corruption,
including a juror bribery case involving a continuing criminal enterprise that
imported more than 75 tons of cocaine into the Miami metropolitan area.

In 2001, he was promoted to a supervisory special agent position in the Public
Corruption Unit of the Criminal Investigation Division, where he served as the
FBIHQ liaison to numerous investigations, involving judicial, law enforcement,
contract, regulatory, municipal, and congressional corruption.

Later that year, Mr. Anderson reported to the Washington Field Office to
supervise investigations into public corruption, government fraud, and civil
rights. During his tenure, he supervised the investigation of super-lobbyist
Jack Abramoff and Louisiana Congressman William Jefferson.

In 2006, Mr. Anderson returned to the Public Corruption Unit at FBIHQ as its
chief. In this role, he oversaw the Hurricane Fraud Initiative to address
Katrina-related public corruption and government fraud, and he launched the
International Contract Corruption Initiative (ICCI) targeting Iraq
reconstruction-related fraud and corruption. The ICCI eventually evolved into a
permanent unit in the Criminal Investigative Division.

In 2007, Mr. Anderson reported to the Dallas Division as an assistant special
agent in charge overseeing intelligence, public corruption, white-collar crime,
civil rights, covert operations, and the foreign language program.

Mr. Anderson returned to FBI Headquarters in January 2011 as the chief of the
Employee Services Section in the Human Resources Division. Among other duties,
he oversaw the FBI's performance appraisal and management system, awards,
payroll and benefits, retirements, the on-boarding new employees program, and
the Human Resources Division service center.

In July 2012, Mr. Anderson reported to the New Orleans Division, where he
oversaw all FBI operations for the state of Louisiana. Notable successful
investigations involved the Deepwater Horizon environmental disaster; former New
Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin; and the Harvey Hustlers, a notorious neighborhood-based
violent gang.

Before joining the FBI, Mr. Anderson received a bachelor's degree in accounting
from the University of Iowa and was employed by KPMG. He also received a Juris
Doctor degree from Southwestern University in Los Angeles. He is a certified
public accountant and attorney.

Mr. Anderson is a native of Alexandria, Minnesota and is married with one
daughter.

Mr. Anderson reports to Chicago in mid-October. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Harvard survey finds Pennsylvania among most corrupt states

LENGTH: 646  words


A new survey measuring corruption in the country puts Pennsylvania at the bad
end of the spectrum.
According to the study, which was conducted by the Edmond J. Safra Center for
Ethics at Harvard University, the Commonwealth is ranked among the most corrupt
states.


Arizona ranks as the most corrupt, followed by California, Kentucky, Alabama,
Illinois and New Jersey. Pennsylvania is in the next group, ranking under
Georgia and New Mexico.
"Given our local experience here recently, I wasn't terribly surprised," said
Joseph Curran, executive director of the Ethics Institute of Northeastern
Pennsylvania at Misericordia University.
Luzerne County is no stranger to the shroud of corruption. Former Luzerne County
judges Mark A. Ciavarella and Michael Conahan, in what is known as the "Kids for
Cash" scheme, had been charged with participating in a $2.6 million kickback
scheme related to the construction of two juvenile detention centers and
placement of youths in the facilities.
The former judges are serving lengthy federal prison sentences for on corruption
charges.
A federal grand jury indicted longtime state Sen. Raphael Musto for allegedly
accepting more than $38,000 in kickbacks from a company and an individual in
exchange for helping them obtain grants and funding.
The retired lawmaker pleaded not guilty.
Musto died less than three weeks after a U.S. District judge allowed the
cancer-stricken ex-lawmaker to return home from a federal medical center in
North Carolina, where he had been committed after being ruled not competent to
stand trial.
The study
Curran, however, did have some issues with the study and questioned whether it
could give a truly accurate depiction of corruption levels.
He pointed out that the study only reports federal public corruption
convictions, so corruption cases tried by state or local prosecutors are not
included in the data.
Curran added that because the study only looks at those who were caught, it does
not take into consideration active counts of corruption.
"It's the people that aren't getting caught that aren't getting prosecuted that
I worry about more," he said.
The information was gathered by surveying 1,000 news reporters covering state
politics, as well as the investigative reporters covering issues related to
corruption during the first half of 2014.
"Reporters have a better knowledge of state governments and spend a great deal
of time observing the government officials and interacting with them," the study
stated.  Of those 1,000 inquires, only 280 responded.
"That seems like a low response rate," Curran said, but added that he couldn't
say whether or not that response rate affected the study in any way.
Legal vs. illegal
The study differentiates between "legal" and "illegal" corruption. The study
defines illegal corruption "as the private gains in the form of cash or gifts by
a government official, in exchange for providing specific benefits to private
individuals or groups."
"Legal" corruption is defined as political gains in the form of campaign
contributions or endorsements by a government official, in exchange for
providing explicit or implicit specific benefits to private individuals or
groups.
The fact that there is "legal corruption" is something that Curran said is
problematic.
"Our campaign finance structure ... I think is a huge problem," he said. "
Corruption shouldn't be legal."
Pennsylvania didn't rank quite as high in legal corruption, but is still listed
with other states labeled as "most corrupt."
Curran argued that there should be no "legal corruption," and called for not
only increased vigilance towards corruption, but fixes to underlying laws that
allow it to happen in the first place.
"The takeaway for me is, I think it's good we caught some people who were
abusing their positions, but we need to remain on guard," he said. 2014 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 27, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Court makes it easier to pursue extortion cases

BYLINE: Judi Hasson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 477 words


The Supreme Court put public officials on notice Tuesday that they could be
prosecuted for accepting a payoff - even if they didn't demand one.

The court made it easier for the federal government to fight public corruption,
ruling 6-3 in a case involving a former De Kalb County, Ga., official who took $
8,000 from an undercover FBI agent.

''The government need only show that a public official has obtained a payment to
which he was not entitled, knowing that the payment was made in return for
official acts,'' Justice John Paul Stevens wrote for the court.

Federal prosecutors had been watching the case closely because an adverse
decision could have hurt corruption investigations, says Joe Whitley, U.S.
Attorney in Atlanta.

 If the court had swung the other way, he said, federal corruption probes would
not have been ''shut down'' - but they might have been seriously limited, for
example, to just those where private citizens are solicited for bribes.

In fiscal year 1991, the government convicted 405 people on public corruption
cases. In the first half of fiscal 1992, there were 235.

Experts said Tuesday's ruling will make it easier to bring cases against
officials who violate their public trust.
''Federal prosecution of local government corruption is a growth industry,''
says Albert Alschuler of the University of Chicago Law School.

Rudolph Giuliani, former U.S. Attorney in New York, says the court's ruling will
help the government pursue cases of public corruption, but it won't radically
change the way cases are pursued.

''It's unfortunate that because of the level of corruption that we have to
remind public officials through prosecutions that they shouldn't take bribes ...
but it's the reality of America in 1990,'' Giuliani says.

But Bruce Maloy, former president of the Georgia Association of Criminal Defense
Lawyers, sounded an alarm for public officials. The court's ruling ''allows the
government to go trolling and dangling money before people to see who bites,''
Maloy says.

The court Tuesday upheld the attempted-extortion conviction of John Evans Jr., a
former De Kalb County commissioner who took a payoff from undercover agent
Clifford Cormany Jr. Investigating allegations of public corruption in the
Atlanta area, Cormany posed as a developer and had several meetings and
telephone conversations with Evans, asking for help in getting property rezoned.

Evans took $ 8,000 - $ 7,000 in cash and a $ 1,000 check - that he later said
was a campaign contribution.

But Evans did not report $ 7,000 of the money he received from Cormany on his
income tax return, or on the required state disclosure form for campaign
contributions.

Evans, who in 1982 became the first black elected to the Commission, was
convicted of extortion and income tax evasion in 1989 and was sentenced to 18
months in prison.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Atlanta Journal and Constitution

CUTLINE: EVANS

SUPREME COURT

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        May 19, 2013 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Fluor Receives Corporate Leadership Award from Transparency International-USA

LENGTH: 495  words


New Delhi, May 19 -- Fluor Corporation (NYSE: FLR) announced today that
Transparency International-USA (TI-USA) recognized the company with the
organization's Corporate Leadership Award for Fluor's global anti-corruption
initiatives and for its promotion of transparency and accountability within
business, government and civil society.



Fluor was formally recognized at TI-USA's annual integrity event in Washington,
D.C., on Monday night. In addition to Fluor's recognition, Senator Richard Lugar
was presented with the annual TI-USA Integrity Award. Two previous recipients of
the TI-USA Corporate Leadership Award are General Electric and The Coca-Cola
Company.

"Fluor has worked with Transparency International for a decade to help increase
awareness about corruption at a global level, and through collective action,
develop principles and initiatives that have been embraced by the business
community," said David Seaton, Fluor Corporation's chairman and chief executive
officer. "I am proud to say that the high ideals and ethics that were
established by the earliest leaders of our company are upheld today by our
41,000-plus employees around the globe who ensure integrity is the foundation of
our decision-making process."

"Fluor's leadership in shaping initiatives to strengthen honest business and
government practices are a model for all and not limited to the private sector,"
said Claudia Dumas, president and chief executive officer of TI-USA. "Fluor has
contributed to joint actions and recommendations to reduce corruption in
societies and economies around the globe, including through the active
participation of its most senior executives. At the same time, Fluor has
demonstrated transparent and meaningful anti-corruption practices in its own
operations worldwide."

Notable factors considered by TI-USA in recognizing the company include Fluor's
founding membership role in the World Economic Forum's Partnering Against
Corruption Initiative (PACI) in which Fluor's CEO has also served as chairman.
Since 2010, Fluor has also been an active participant in the G20/B20 initiative
on improving transparency and anti-corruption. And finally, in a 2012 study of
defense companies by Transparency International-UK, Fluor was the only company
to earn an "A" rating for its public information on systems and procedures to
prevent corruption. Fluor has also supported TI-USA through a decade-long
history of engagement.

TI-USA's award is a signature part of the organization's work to strengthen
integrity and combat corruption both in the U.S. and internationally. The
organization contributes to the development of standards and tools, global
initiatives and voluntary collective action with major business organizations,
labor, government and civil society. At the same time, TI-USA promotes
consistent, vigorous enforcement of laws prohibiting foreign bribery and other
corrupt practices to incentivize compliance, increase transparency and enable
prosecution.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

America's Corrupt Legal System - A Danger to All

LENGTH: 575  words


Corruption is the abuse of power by a public official for private gain or any
organized, interdependent system in which part of the system is either not
performing duties it was originally intended to, or performing them in an
improper way, to the detriment of the system's original purpose. The abuse of
public offices for private gain is paradigmatic of corruption.


A common belief is that corruption is a judge taking bribes. The definition
exceeds this theory. Corruption describes any organized, interdependent system
in which part of the system is either not performing duties it was originally
intended to, or performing them in an improper way, to the detriment of the
system's original purpose.Corrupt judicial systems not only violate the basic
right to equality before the law but deny procedural rights guaranteed by the
United States Constitution.
While corruption may facilitate criminal enterprise such as drug trafficking,
money laundering, and mail fraud.; it is not restricted to these activities. In
this country, corruption is so common that it is expected when ordinary
businesses or citizens interact with government officials. The end-point of
political corruption is a kleptocracy, literally "rule by thieves".
America's Corrupt Legal System - A Danger to Allby Dr Les Sachs(This article may
be freely reproduced and republished in full by anyone, anywhere.)The tragic
reality of the world's biggest corrupt legal system -America's rigged courts,
bribed judges, fake and phony trials, extortion by lawyers, and over 2 million
prisoners in the USA gulag. Why USA "justice" is not like in Hollywood movies,
and why YOU could be the next victim on USA territory - innocent and sent to
prison, or strapped to a table and put to death; or robbed of your life savings
by American lawyers. Why YOU can be tortured, have your freedom and rights taken
away, and why people in America are afraid to help you, or even tell what
happened to you.
The recent pattern of American violations of international law are ultimately
based in the corruption of the USA domestic legal system. Phony USA courts are
very dangerous even for travellers and visitors to America, who can easily wind
up among the USA's more than 2 million prisoners, or lose all their family's
possessions to corrupt American lawyers. All world citizens should know how the
corrupt USA legal system, is a danger to every traveller, visitor, and guest
worker from overseas, and to every individual who takes the risky step of
entering upon American territory. Just ask the overseas families of prisoners
who were put to death inside the USA, with their embassies never even being
informed that they were arrested - or the many foreign people serving hugely
long prison terms in America, after they were jailed on flimsy tainted
"evidence" from criminal snitches.  The reality is that the United States of
America, which proclaims itself the "land of freedom", has the most dishonest,
dangerous and crooked legal system of any developed nation. Legal corruption is
covering America like a blanket. The corruption of the USA legal system is
well-known, but also well-hidden, by the news services of America's
corporate-owned media. The US media companies are afraid both of reprisal, and
of the social revolution that would come from exposing the truth. Here is what
the US media companies know, but are afraid to tell you about American
"justice".
 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 10, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Iraqi's resignation hurts fight against corruption;
Departure latest of several setbacks, U.S. official says

BYLINE: Matt Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 644 words


WASHINGTON -- The departure of Iraq's top corruption investigator is "a real
blow to anti-corruption efforts in Iraq," the U.S. government's Iraq
reconstruction watchdog said.

Stuart Bowen, the special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction, told USA
TODAY that Judge Radhi al-Radhi,  the former head of Iraq's Public Integrity
Commission, had complained about receiving death threats before resigning last
week. Iraqi officials announced he would be replaced by his former deputy,
Moussa Faraj.

Al-Radhi's departure is the latest sign that the government of Prime Minister
Nouri al-Maliki is not doing enough to fight corruption, Bowen said. He called
the problem  the "second insurgency" for its destabilizing effects in Iraq.

Al-Radhi's departure comes as the Bush administration prepares to update
Congress and the public about the results of the U.S. troop buildup in Iraq. The
increase in U.S. forces was meant to give al-Maliki's government the opportunity
to reconcile Iraq's warring factions and make political progress.

Corruption is hampering those efforts, recent independent reports say. A
commission on Iraq's security forces headed by retired Marine general James
Jones concluded last week that the Interior Ministry was crippled by
sectarianism and corruption.

The top U.S. commander in Iraq, Gen. David Petraeus, acknowledged the problem in
a message to troops last week: "We operate against a backdrop of limited Iraqi
governmental capacity, institutions trying to rebuild and various forms of
corruption."

Bowen and other U.S. officials have praised al-Radhi, who said he was
investigating up to $8 billion in missing or wasted Iraqi government money. His
work has been controversial in Iraq, however, and a parliamentary committee
charged al-Radhi with corruption earlier this year.

The Public Integrity Commission is an independent body set up by Paul Bremer,
the U.S. administrator for Iraq after the 2003 invasion. It has the power to
investigate corruption and refer cases to prosecutors but does not have the
authority to bring charges on its own.

Commission investigations led to arrest warrants being issued for about 90
former Iraqi officials, including 15 former ministers. Former electricity
minister Ayham al-Samaraie was convicted on corruption charges but fled to the
Chicago area late last year, claiming U.S. officials helped him escape an Iraqi
jail.

In an interview in his office near the Pentagon, Bowen said he trusted al-Radhi
and had coordinated efforts with his commission. Bowen said he feared that
cooperation might end with al-Radhi's departure. "It's a real blow to anti-
corruption efforts in Iraq. He was the most prominent corruption enforcer,"
Bowen said.

Bowen said al-Radhi discussed his fears for his life during a meeting in Baghdad
last month and asked Bowen for help in fleeing Iraq. Bowen said he relayed that
request to the U.S. Embassy. Al-Radhi  resigned while he was in the USA to
attend a Justice Department anti-corruption program.

Bowen and other U.S. government investigators have focused their efforts on
rooting out corruption and waste of U.S. tax dollars by Americans. Evidence of
wrongdoing by Iraqi officials was turned over to al-Radhi's office.

If the Public Integrity Commission can't be trusted, U.S. officials may have to
reassess whether to pursue corruption cases against Iraqis, Bowen said.

Other setbacks to anti-corruption efforts cited by Bowen include:

*An order from al-Maliki earlier this year that no government minister or former
minister could be investigated without al-Maliki's authorization.

*Frequent use of an Iraqi rule  that allows Cabinet ministers to block any
investigations of their subordinates.

*A raid in May by Iraqi Interior Ministry officers of another anti-corruption
agency, the Board of Supreme Audit. That raid resulted in a standoff that ended
peacefully, Bowen said.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Karl Gelles, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY/Gallup Poll of
1,028 people Friday and Saturday (Bar graph, pie chart)
PHOTO, B/W, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

WISCONSIN'S CORRUPTION GAP IS A BIT HUMBLING

BYLINE: By STEPHEN G. BARONE

SECTION: FORUM; GUEST COLUMN; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 589 words


Given the recent gubernatorial goings-on in The Land of Lincoln, Wisconsinites
must confront the grim reality that we've once again been entirely outclassed
and outdistanced in the corruption department.

Consider that Illinois isn't even close to the top when it comes to government
corruption, according to USA Today. That distinction would belong to North
Dakota, if you use "public corruption convictions" as the criterion, and
Illinois only ranks 18th for that.

Of course, this might not be the most authentic metric for assessing the
relative purity of state governments. Citing the relative lack of convictions
for public corruption in Illinois as compared to any other state - let alone
North Dakota - is like saying more people die at St. Mary's Hospital than at
Trader Joe's. The data are impeccable, but totally useless.

A much more important statistic is the crucial corruption-to-hits ratio that's
used by both collegiate and professional corruption scouts nationwide, more
commonly known as the CHR.

For example, as I'm writing this, enter "Jim Doyle corruption" into Google, and
our Democratic governor scores a paltry 52,700 hits, much of it partisan
hyperbole. This gives Doyle a CHR of 10,540/annum for five years of elected
office.

In contrast, when I carefully hunt and peck "Blagojevich corruption," the
Illinois bucket of slime puts a big 241,000 hits up on the screen in only .23
second, with good solid evidence of egregious malfeasance in office, handily
outdistancing Doyle by 188,300 hits or 357 percent, earning him an awesome CHR
of 37,600/annum for his five years of selflessly serving the public good.

And don't think it's because we have the wrong team in there, either.

Typing Republican "Tommy Thompson corruption" into Google yields only 57,000
hits, meaning that Democrat Doyle has him edged by 700 hits even though Thompson
served 14 years and Doyle has only been on the job for five - the same as
Blagojevich.

Thus, Thompson has a CHR of only 4,071/annum in office compared to Doyle's
10,540, apparently squandering numerous opportunities to bolster his CHR during
his elevation as Secretary of Health and Human Services during the first G.W.B
administration.

What's going on here? Is Bucky Badger nothing more than a Goody-Two-Shoes
mustelid?

Wisconsin might be my adopted state, sure. But I grew up in New York, where we
had pride in our corruption, whether it was shaking down preschoolers for milk
money or selling test answers at afternoon recess.

That means we have tradition in New York - a proud culture of corruption that
every kid wants to live down to, whether he or she chooses to be a teamster, a
lawyer, or an elected official with access to virtually unlimited power over
individuals and their livelihoods.

Why else would the Clintons adopt New York as their own? What other state could
excrete an Eliot Spitzer?

It's not like Wisconsin doesn't have the goods. Let's not forget that the Badger
State is unassailable when it comes to heinous murderers. Ed Gein and Jeffery
Dahmer weren't satisfied just to be psychotic serial killers. They had pride in
their craft, adding a cannibalistic flourish to their work.

This has made Wisconsin the veritable Gold Standard by which to assess bizarre
pathological homicidal predilection. In fact, although Dahmer is dead 14 years,
he still puts up 337,000 hits up on the screen when you type in his name-which
is 96,000 more than even Blagojevich, although he has never killed and eaten
anyone, so far as we know.

But then again, the story is still breaking.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Barone is a creative writer with barodine marketing in Madison and blogs
at www.halfjoking.net.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 22, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

44 Officers Are Charged After Ohio Sting Operation

BYLINE: By PAM BELLUCK

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 1118 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND, Jan. 21


In what may be the largest and widest ranging police corruption investigation in
the country in recent years, 44 officers from five law-enforcement agencies were
charged today with taking money to protect cocaine trafficking operations in
Cleveland and northern Ohio, Federal authorities said.

The arrests were the result of a two-and-a-half-year Federal sting operation,
which started out as an inquiry into organized crime in Cleveland, officials
said. Along the way, investigators discovered a large ring of police officers
and sheriff's department corrections officers who readily hired themselves out
to be escorts and security guards for people they believed to be cocaine
traffickers, but who were really undercover Federal agents.

"It's the largest I'm aware of," said Tron Brekke, deputy assistant director of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Office of Public and Congressional Affairs
in Washington, who until recently supervised the bureau's police corruption
investigations. "There are other cases that may have dragged on for a while and
may have had as many officers involved. For a single day arrest, I don't recall
anything even close."

Mr. Brekke said he believed there had never been a police corruption case
involving officers from so many different agencies.

The Cleveland case is the latest in a series of police corruption investigations
that have struck cities across the country in recent years. From 1994 to 1997,
508 officers in 47 cities have been convicted in Federal corruption cases,
F.B.I. figures show.

In many cases, not only has the police department involved been forced to
overhaul its operations, but arrests made by the corrupt officers have been
tainted and criminal convictions they helped secure have been overturned.

"What we're seeing is this pattern of greed and corrupt conduct, and it's
happening all over the country, from the Southwest border to New England to
California," Mr. Brekke said.

The corruption cases are unsettling at a time when police departments should be
experiencing a heroic heyday, as crime in cities across the country is going
down and many cities, including Cleveland, are experiencing a renaissance as
people feel it is safer to spend time there.

But in a different way, the corruption that has emerged in recent years is also
a sign of the times, experts say, driven by the emergence of the drug trade and
the vast sums of money it generates.

"There is a new form of corruption," said William Bratton, the former Police
Commissioner in New York City. "It used to be cops took payoffs to look the
other way, for what was usually a more benign activity like gambling,
prostitution. What we're seeing now is the insidious aspect caused by the drug
problem. There is more and more crossing the line to get involved in that
business. Either they provide protection or, as in New York, they would
literally steal the drugs and then sell them themselves. Also what we're seeing
is cops as criminals engaging in very significant violence to support their
criminal goals."

Many experts said this new kind of corruption is almost never strewn throughout
an entire police department in the kind of systemic fashion that characterized
corruption 20 years ago.

Instead, Joseph Armao, who was chief counsel of the Mollen Commission, which
investigated police misdeeds from 1992 to 1994, said, "What we found was
organized bands of cops, ranging from just two partners in a patrol car to an
entire shift of officers, who go out and make their scores like individual
entrepreneurs."

In New Orleans, 10 officers were convicted for their role in protecting a
cocaine supply warehouse containing 286 pounds of cocaine in 1994. In
Philadelphia, six officers pleaded guilty to corruption charges including
planting drug evidence, conducting illegal searches and lying under oath, and
160 wrongfully convicted prisoners were released. In Chicago, in two unrelated
cases in the last year, 10 officers in two police districts were charged with
robbing and extorting money and narcotics from drug dealers.

In Washington, after the resignation of the police chief as his close friend and
roommate was charged with extortion, city officials are looking into possible
corruption in the department. And in Indianapolis, the F.B.I. is investigating
the police department after one officer was charged with the death of a
suspected drug dealer he was trying to rob.

The Cleveland police corruption investigation was a "spin-off of the original
undercover operation that targeted organized crime" said Van A. Harp, the
special agent in charge of the F.B.I. in Cleveland. Indeed, Mr. Harp also
announced the arrest today of seven of what he called the "original targets,"
suspected organized crime figures whose charges concerning money laundering,
drugs, gambling and firearms violations were not related to the accusations
against the officers.

In the process of the investigation, Federal agents got wind of a corrections
officer for the Cuyahoga County Sheriff's Department, Michael W. Joye, who sold
drugs to an undercover agent and indicated he would provide security, first for
the smuggling of illegal gambling machines and then for drug deals, according to
a 99-page affidavit. Officer Joye, the affidavit said, recruited 24 other
officers and a deputy from the Sheriff's Department, and 18 from four regional
police departments -- seven from Cleveland, three from Cleveland Heights, six
from East Cleveland and two from Brooklyn -- to help out in the deals.

All in all, undercover agents videotaped or audio-taped 16 drug deals from
November 1996 until six days ago in which at least some of the officers
participated, involving up to 50 kilograms of what they believed to be cocaine,
Mr. Harp said. The officers were paid $750 to $3,700 for each transaction,
Federal officials said. Also arrested today were eight other people seven of
whom pretended to be law-enforcement officers to take part in the drug-security
operation.

The statements of Officer Joye in the affidavit paint a picture of cocky, brazen
officers who were willing to do almost anything for money.

At one point, for example, Officer Joye is accompanying an undercover agent to a
storage facility where he and other officers help move smuggled gambling
machines and provide security for the illegal operation.

Officer Joye, who was dismissed, was asked by the undercover agent if the other
officers involved were trustworthy.

"I trust my guys real good," Officer Joye replied. "We're a family, and not one
of us wants to get busted. Nobody wants to get caught. These guys I have working
for me, we're like a specialty, like a goon squad."

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Van A. Harp, the agent in charge of the F.B.I. in Cleveland,
announced the arrest of 44 officers from five agencies in a sting operation.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 24, 2014 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Best state in America: Oregon, the least corrupt

BYLINE: Reid Wilson

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 511 words


Nearly 20 millionâ[#x2c6][#x161]   Americans are employed by state and local
governments across the country. With so many workers, it's almost impossible to
keep everyone honest. Waste, fraud and abuse can cost taxpayers millions.

But in Oregon, strong oversight and audit rules ensure that state officials keep
their hands out of the cookie jar. Data from the Justice Department, compiled by
political scientists at Indiana University at Bloomington and the City
University of Hong Kong, show that, over a period of 32 years,  there were fewer
corruption convictions in Oregon than in any other state, when controlling for
the number of state workers.

Oregon registered 1.28 corruption convictions per 100,000 public employees
between 1976 and 2008. Washington, Minnesota, Nebraska and Iowa also had fewer
than two convictions per 100,000 employees.

Those states score well because of robust transparency laws, according to ethics
watchdogs. Oregon's rules for campaign finance disclosures are among the
toughest in the country, and lobbyists and special interest groups cannot give
gifts worth more than $50 to state employees. Oregon also requires most
public-improvement contracts to be awarded based on competitive bidding,
avoiding no-bid contracts, which can be a major source of corruption.

"An awful lot of corruption comes from government contracts," said Melanie
Sloan, a former federal prosecutor who runs Citizens for Responsibility and
Ethics in Washington. "You can't have no-bid contracts. You have to have
transparent contracting procedures."

At the bottom of the list, Mississippi, Louisiana and Tennessee all registered
more than four times more convictions than the least-corrupt states.

More than 7,000 state and local officials were charged with corruption between
2003 and 2012, the Justice Department said in a 2013 report to Congress. The
U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia reported 336 federal convictions over
that time period; New Jersey's U.S. attorney reported 428 convictions; and the
four U.S. attorneys who oversee Texas reported 775 convictions. By contrast,
Oregon registered just 42 convictions during that period.

The bill for all that wrongdoing adds up: Corruption forces states to spend more
on everything from construction and highways to corrections and police. But the
authors of the study, John Mikesell and Cheol Liu, also found that states with
higher rates of corruption tend to spend less on education, public welfare,
health and hospitals. So more corruption costs taxpayers - in terms of money and
the social services the government provides.

Nine of the 10 most corrupt states, the authors found, could have saved $1,308
per resident if their corruption rates fell to the national average. Those
states should look to Oregon, home of the most honest government workers in the
country.

Malfeasanceby the numbers

 7,000+  State and local officials charged with corruption from 2003 to 2012

775  convictions in Texas

428  convictions in New Jersey

336  convictions in D.C.

42  convictions in Oregon

NOTE: Convictions from 2003 to 2012

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            February 3, 2017 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Law enforcement asks public to fight corruption

BYLINE: By, Aaron Martinez, El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 422 words


Federal law enforcement agencies launched a campaign Thursday to encourage the
public to help fight public corruption on the border.

The "Don't Turn a Blind Eye to Border Corruption" campaign is an  effort by the
FBI, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and U.S. Customs and Border
Protection agencies to raise awareness among community members to report any
form of border corruption. The campaign has been in the works since last year,
officials said.

"The FBI El Paso Division leads the El Paso Border Corruption Task Force,
working closely with our partners in DHS-OIG, CBP-OPR, DEA, EPPD, EPCSO, ATF,
TSA, and TX DPS to combat corruption on the border on a daily basis, but we also
need help from the public to eliminate this dangerous activity in our
community," FBI El Paso Division Special Agent in Charge Douglas Lindquist said
in a statement.

Border corruption includes drug trafficking, human trafficking, terrorism and
any suspected wrongdoing involving federal agents.

"The FBI, along with our law enforcement and public safety partners, are
committed to rooting out public corruption at all levels," Stephen E.
Richardson, assistant director of the FBI's Criminal Investigative Division,
said in a statement. "Ensuring that government officials uphold the public's
trust is one of our most critical responsibilities, and we are requesting the
public's assistance to fight the threat of border corruption."

U.S. Office of Inspector General officials added that they are "committed to
working with the FBI and our other law enforcement partners to identify and
aggressively investigate all allegations of corruption to protect our borders
and the integrity of DHS personnel, programs, and operations. Acts of corruption
within DHS represent a threat to our nation and undermine the honest and
hardworking employees who strive to maintain the integrity of the Department."

The campaign will include billboards, public information posted on the FBI's
website and podcasts aired on radio stations across the country.

The FBI El Paso Division is one of 11 FBI offices that oversee U.S. ports of
entry, including border crossings, airports and seaports. The other offices are
Albuquerque, Buffalo, Detroit, San Antonio, Los Angeles, San Diego, Miami,
Phoenix, Seattle and Fargo, N.D.

Officials are asking anyone who sees or suspects  border corruption to report
the incident at tips.fbi.gov or call the FBI El Paso Division at 832-5000.

Aaron Martinez may be reached at 546-6249; aamartinez@elpasotimes.com;
@AMartinez31 on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: elp


                          Copyright 2017 El Paso Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The The Denver Post

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FBI investigating more corruption in region

BYLINE: Felisa Cardona The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-04

LENGTH: 484 words


The Denver FBI is investigating more than a dozen cases of public corruption in
Colorado, Wyoming and Indian country.

The number of investigations is up from three years ago, when agents in the
public-corruption unit launched a special hotline urging people to come forward
with information.

At the time, the FBI said either no public corruption existed in the region,
which was unlikely, or it was underreported. But things have changed.

"We are very busy right now," said Supervising Special Agent Brian Schmitt. "I
don't know if it is a result of the down economy or if there are more avenues to
report."

Public corruption is defined as an abuse of public office or position within the
government for personal gain.

Agents won't provide details about pending cases but say theft and mishandling
of stimulus funds, legislative corruption and law enforcement corruption are the
types of crimes they look into.

White-collar crimes such as bribery, fraud, extortion, embezzlement, insider
trading and influence peddling take a long time to investigate and require
agents who have special skills.

In 2010, the FBI opened an investigation into a Denver driving-school instructor
who was taking bribes in exchange for passing tests.

Criminal charges haven't been filed against Sikiru Fadeyi, the owner of Ola's
Driving School, but undercover agents infiltrated his business and recorded him
accepting bribes, court records show.

The reason charges have not materialized against Fadeyi - who was an agent of
the state because he was licensed to administer tests - is because of the
complex nature of the investigation. Leads from that case extend to other states
as far away as New York and Hawaii.

For now, Fadeyi's license is suspended and he is not allowed to operate the
driving school.

FBI agents routinely work cases with local law enforcement, but when it comes to
corruption investigations, the agents tackle them alone. They don't want local
officers with ties to a particular city or agency in conflict with the
investigation.

Public-corruption cases - such as the charges against former Democratic Illinois
Gov. Rod Blagojevich - receive intense coverage by the media and are followed
closely by the public, which can complicate investigations for the FBI.

Witnesses are less likely to come forward when there is too much attention on a
case, Schmitt said.

Also, agents and federal prosecutors are aware that the targets of white-collar
investigations typically hire top-notch defense lawyers to fight the charges.

"The cases we put together have to be rock solid," he said.

Schmitt said corruption in the region isn't rampant as it is in places such as
Detroit and New Orleans, but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist.

"Anywhere you have money and power, corruption follows," he said.

Anyone who suspects public corruption can call the Denver FBI at 888-232-3270.

Felisa Cardona: 303-954-1219

or fcardona@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 22, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

City Police Still Need a Monitor

SECTION: Section A;  Page 26;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 471 words


The Mollen commission report on police corruption recommended two kinds of
reform: internal reform, to improve the quality of police recruits and make the
anti-corruption effort a shared responsibility at all levels of the department;
and external reform, with an independent panel to monitor and investigate
corruption and serve as a hedge when the department's vigilance flags.

The Giuliani administration's new anti-corruption measures mark only a partial
compliance with the report. The administration's pledge to expand anti-
corruption efforts to include precinct-level managers and to seek more mature,
better-educated recruits is welcome. What is troublesome is City Hall's
continued resistance to the commission's central recommendation: a strong,
independent agency to investigate police corruption.

Previously, the responsibility for uncovering corruption rested primarily with
the Internal Affairs Bureau, which worked in strict secrecy. Under the new plan,
precinct commanders will be included in the intelligence process and given
direct responsibility for the officers under them.

Some precinct officers had turned a blind eye to corruption, for fear scandal
would damage their careers. Now the administration hopes to make clear that the
anti-corruption effort is every officer's responsibility. Sharing that
responsibility -- and data -- has its risks, but given the failure of the
present system, the new plan is worth trying.

The drunken brawling by off-duty New York City officers during visits to
Washington D.C. and the Jersey Shore underscored the need for better screening
and training. The Giuliani administration's plan calls for more stringent
background checks for recruits. The Police Academy will also raise its
admissions standards and increase its minimum age requirement from 20 to 22.

These reforms are embodied in a new report that talks about changing the
self-protective police culture. The goal is to create new attitudes in the
entire force and thereby end what Police Commissioner William J. Bratton calls
"a century-old history of corruption." But why stop short of creating a strong
independent commission to investigate police corruption? When the City Council
named such a commission, the Mayor ignored it and named his own panel,
accountable to him alone and therefore more sensitive to partisan political
pressure.

The Mayor believes the Council lacks the authority to establish such a
commission, while the Council believes the Mayor has no right to flout its
enactments. The two sides have been unable to resolve the issue and this week
jointly asked for a state court ruling. No matter what the outcome, there is
little doubt the Council's approach would enhance the internal reforms now under
way and help restore public confidence in police integrity.


LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                August 26, 2015

Buhari's Anti-Corruption Courts

BYLINE: Jideofor Adibe

LENGTH: 1652 words


It was a huge relief reading reports that President Buhari had concluded plans
to submit a bill to set up anti-corruption courts to the National Assembly.
According to the Punch of August 22 2015, the President decided to set up the
planned special anti-corruption courts "because of the long delay by regular
courts in deciding corruption-related cases." The paper further revealed that
the Presidency had already commenced the "process of identifying fearless judges
that would be saddled with the responsibility of prosecuting corrupt persons."
The President, the paper said, does not want judges who will "do a wishy-washy
job for him".

The idea of special courts to try corruption cases has a long history. About two
decades ago, Professor Ndiva Kofele-Kale, a University Distinguished Professor
(UDP) at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas, USA, argued for the
recognition of a new international crime of 'patrimonicide'. Similarly, Sonja
Staar, a Professor of law at the University of Michigan, USA, in an influential
article in 2007 called for the International Criminal Court (ICC), to treat
'kleptocracy' as one of the "inhumane acts" that could come under the
jurisdiction of the ICC. Just last year (2014), Judge Mark Wolf, a Senior United
States District Judge for the District of Massachusetts developed a case for an
"International Anti-Corruption Court" in a concept paper he presented at the
2014 World Forum on Governance convened by the Brookings Institution and the
Czech non-profit organization, ZaostÅ[TM]eno, in Prague, Czech Republic. Judge
Mark Wold later published a shorter version of the paper as an op-ed in the
Washington Post of July 22 2014.

Nearer home, in 2008, the NGO, Socio-Economic Right Accountability Project
(SERAP), petitioned the ICC to "examine and investigate whether systemic/grand
corruption in Nigeria amounts to crime against humanity within the jurisdiction
of the ICC." SERAP was to file another petition in 2012 in connection with an
alleged $6bn dollar looting of the country's fuel subsidy programme. In 2010,
Nuhu Ribadu canvassed for the setting up of anti-corruption court in Nigeria-
and his successors had pretty much followed the same line of argument.

Currently only a few countries - Pakistan, Philippines, India and Kenya- have
special anti-corruption courts at the domestic level while the idea of an
international anti-corruption court has remained still-born. Part of the
criticisms of special anti-corruption courts at the state-level is the fear that
such courts could become kangaroo courts for doing the biddings of the
government of the day especially as corruption tends to be more endemic in
countries where the institutions to check any arbitrariness or abuse of power,
are weak. At the international level, the idea of an international anti-
corruption court has been resisted by some on fears that it could turn out to be
another ICC where only leaders from the developing countries who have fallen out
of favour with the West will be herded.

Despite misgivings and debates about the whole idea of special anti-corruption
courts -whether at the nation-state or the international level - there are a
number of reasons why Buhari's anti-corruption courts hold glimmers of hopes:

First, is that it will provide a framework for the whole talk about 'fighting
corruption'. Before the idea of the anti-corruption courts, all we heard was
'probe', 'probe', without any indication of the framework for such 'war against
corruption'. With many well placed Nigerians publicly calling on Buhari to "jail
looters", (as if the President had such powers in a democracy), there were
concerns in several quarters about the implications of the regime's anti-
corruption rhetoric for the rule of law. I believe this is why several
Nigerians, (including my humble self) took the principled position that any
fight against corruption must be located within the ambit of the rule of law.
Had the Presidency announced the idea of the anti-corruption courts first -
especially with the report that he was looking for bold judges who would not do
a "wishy-washy job for him" - much of the criticisms that have dogged the
current anti-corruption rhetoric would have been muted.

Second, by announcing plans to set up the anti-corruption courts, the President
gives hope that under his regime we will not all be condemned to 'group-think'.
In 'group-think', concurrence seeking is so dominant that those who dare to be
different by raising controversial or non-conforming questions or even
proffering alternative solutions are marked out as enemies by self-appointed
mind-guards. In the current dispensation, those marked out are either
blackmailed with such silly epithets as being 'anti-GMB' or 'anti-North' - as if
blackmails, rather than ideas, are the currency of trade in the marketplace of
ideas which underpins our democracy architecture. The idea of setting up the
anti-corruption courts is therefore a rejection of the 'group-think' mentality
of those who arrogated to themselves the role of the mind guards of the new
order.

Third, if the President keeps to his promise that he is looking for judges of
integrity, and not those who will do a "wishy-washy job for him", it means that
managing the politics of anti-corruption probes will be much easier as it will
become more difficult for those charged with corrupt practices to play the
ethnic and religious cards. Essentially therefore, embedding the regime's
planned 'fight against corruption', within the rule of law means that the regime
will be freed from unnecessary distractions arising from the politics of probe.

However while I welcome the idea of the anti-corruption courts, there are
several potential challenges that should be ironed out first to make such courts
effective:

One, is the issue of definition. The first challenge for the government is to
decide what it means by corruption. Should that include tax evasion? Should it
include a roadside car mechanic exchanging your new battery for his old one when
you stepped away to answer a phone call? What of student union leaders who
fiddle with students' union's funds? Should our definition of corruption be
limited to official corruption involving a certain amount of money or should it
also include a police man accepting N100 in order to look the other way? Where
do we locate cronyism, favouritism, ethnicity and nepotism in the fight against
corruption? And what about failure by political leaders to punish corruption by
friends, relatives or political allies? My feeling is that unless the
definitional issues are first resolved, the proposed anti-corruption courts,
will, just like the EFCC, spread itself too thin, and consequently also become
ineffective. One way out may be for the proposed anti-corruption courts to have
several divisions, with each division dealing with one or two types of
corruption.

Two, for the proposed anti-corruption courts to work, they will also need elite
corps of investigators. I am not convinced that the EFCC and the ICPC - as
presently constituted - are up to it. I have in fact written several articles
over the years critical of the system of 'fighting corruption' in the country,
especially by the EFCC. For instance in an article on May 27 2010 entitled '
Corruption: Time for a General Amnesty?', I argued that the whole fight against
corruption by both the EFCC and the ICPC had become so intertwined with
political witch-hunt that it had become a charade and consequently the country
might be better off considering a general amnesty for all accused of corruption.
Therefore for the proposed anti-corruption courts to generate the needed
confidence and legitimacy among Nigerians, there is a need to search for elite
corps of investigators, (just like the President is reportedly search for judges
with integrity to head the anti-corruption courts). Such investigators must not
only be people of high integrity but also people competent in corruption
investigations. If cases are not properly investigated, fearless judges are
unlikely to be swayed by the public baying for blood when dismissing such cases.
With competent investigators of integrity we may begin to see a drop in the
current fascination with media trial and the public baying of blood of the high
and mighty accused of corrupt practices. It may also help the unfortunate
narrative that anyone who has done public service has willy-nilly stolen public
money - a narrative that is a strong disincentive to attracting our best minds
to serve the country.

Three, related to having elite corps of investigators is also the need to
strengthen the prosecutorial capacity of lawyers who will be prosecuting the
cases of those accused of corruption for the government. Many corruption cases
fail at the courts because of extremely weak prosecutorial capacity.

Four, to aid the fight against corruption, the government will have to devise a
scheme for protecting whistle blowers while simultaneously finding ways of
discouraging busy-bodies from latching onto the government's anti-corruption
posture to maliciously tarnish people's reputations or settle personal scores
through spreading of deliberate falsehoods.

Five, more importantly the government has to realize that corruption tends to be
more endemic in countries where the nation-building process is either in serious
crisis or has failed altogether. In this sense, corruption is only a symptom of
a more fundamental malaise of alienation from the state by individuals and
constituent groups in a country. Therefore for corruption to be reduced to the
barest minimum in a sustainable manner, the fight must be carried to the root of
the problem - which is devising elaborate schemes to win back those who have
de-linked from the Nigerian state as well as incentivizing the generality of
Nigerians into creating an 'imagined community' in which they are all equal
stakeholders.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 23, 2006 Friday
                                 First Edition

Buick stops here for corruption

BYLINE: John Garnaut

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 420 words


A NEW world corruption index has been crafted by economists examining the
150,000 unpaid parking fines of diplomats in New York.

Kuwait tops the 146-country list, with its nine diplomats averaging 246.2 unpaid
fines each in the five years to 2002.

Egypt, Chad, Sudan and Mozambique all averaged more than 100 violations.

Officials from Australia, Japan and Britain, by contrast, did not leave a single
unpaid ticket between them.

Authors Raymond Fisman, of Columbia University, and Edward Miguel, of the
University of California, say the fines provide a "natural experiment" of how
people of different nationalities abuse power when unconstrained by enforceable
laws and penalties.

"We find that diplomats from low-corruption countries (e.g. Norway) behave
remarkably well even in situations where they can get away with violations,
while those from high-corruption countries (e.g. Nigeria) commit many
violations, suggesting that they bring the social norms or corruption culture of
their home country with them to New York City," their study said.

The authors have adjusted the data for factors like income levels and time spent
in New York. Their study, Cultures of Corruption: Evidence from Diplomatic
Parking Tickets, claims to provide a better measure of ingrained cultural
corruption than other surveys.

Officials from corrupt countries accounted for a large number of "egregious"
offences, such as double parking and obstructing a fire hydrant.

The study, released yesterday, also found a "strong negative relationship"
between infringements and affinity for the US.

Abuse of diplomatic immunity has long been an explosive political topic in New
York, especially around the United Nations headquarters in midtown Manhattan.

The number of unpaid diplomat fines fell by 80 per cent in the wake of September
11, 2001 - particularly among officials from Muslim countries.

However, it rose again during the invasion of Afghanistan and then plunged from
about 1000 a month to less than 100 per month when the mayor, Michael Bloomberg,
empowered traffic police to tow away diplomatic vehicles and the US Congress
decreed that unpaid fines would be deducted from international aid budgets.

COP THIS
 Unpaid parking fines per
 diplomat in New York
 1997-2002*
 Kuwait  246.2
 Egypt  139.6
 Chad  124.3
 Sudan  119.1
 Bulgaria  117.5
 Mozambique  110.7
 Pakistan  69.4
 Syria  52.7
 Zimbabwe  45.6
 Indonesia  36.1
 Brazil  29
 China  9.5
 France  6.1
 PNG  5.5
 Russia  2
 Japan  Nil
 UK  Nil
 Australia  Nil

 *Top 6 countries plus assorted others


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Corruption biggest threat to democracy

LENGTH: 1046 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Dec. 12 -- December 9 is celebrated as International Anti-corruption Day,
but for a country like India, this is a topic of daily discourse.

Survey results released by Transparency International on Dec. 3 indicate that
Sweden with the Corruption Perception Index (CPI) of 92 ranks as the least
corrupt nation. USA ranks at 17th position with a CPI of 74, while India with a
CPI of 38 ranks at position 85 along with countries like Burkina Faso, Thailand,
Sri Lanka, Jamaica and Peru. Its neighboring country Pakistan along with Nepal
ranks at number 126 with a CPI of 29. North Korea and Somalia are the most
corrupt nations with a CPI of just 8.

Corruption is a global phenomenon. Like leprosy, it is a slow and insinuating
disease that causes loss of function and numbness that often goes unrecognized.
According to an estimate, on a global level, 1 trillion dollar is paid annually
in bribes and 2.6 trillion is siphoned away per year through corrupt practices,
the latter accounting for 5 % of global GDP. Corruption affects economic
development, violates tenets of democracy resulting in infringement of human
rights, justice and quality services. It also impedes human potential because of
favoritism and nepotism and the consequent social ramifications may be even
difficult to comprehend.

The scourge of corruption has existed as long as humankind. A quote by Chanakya
says it all: "It is just as difficult to detect an official's dishonesty as it
is to discover how much water a swimming fish drinks."

In India, corruption is a way of life. It is a recurring theme that has
permeated all aspects of our life. Corruption is one common denominator that
characterizes Indian life. Despite massive diversity in terms of culture,
language and food habits, it is the gel of corruption that keeps us united!
Corruption, bribery, favoritism come to us as innate traits; no formal training
is required to learn this. From procuring birth certificate to death
certificate, from seeking a job to buying a property: greasing the palm is an
accepted norm.

India continues to squirm under the pain of corruption and unaccountability. It
has resulted in incalculable damage to the nation in terms of economic and
social development. The abysmal level of corruption in India has resulted into
what we call a 'revolving door' democracy. Lack of transparency and
accountability has also slowed the process of building up strong institutions of
democracy.

Those who think that the malaise of corruption exists only in the third world
countries and struggling economies are for a surprise here. The developed world
has its share of corrupt practices, the style and approach however may change.

Does the world's strongest democracy - USA- have corruption? It is true that a
common man is not subjected to the routine hassles of a third world society, but
corruption exists in USA too. India's burden of corruption is shared by everyone
collectively- it is a common man's disease. In USA, the corruption does not seem
to touch the common man the way it does in India, but it is nevertheless
prevalent in significant way!

Two practices highlight the existence of corruption in high places. The role of
money in campaign financing has grown so out of control that many critics claim
that USA is fast transforming into an oligarchy. The real jolt came in 2010 when
the U.S. Supreme court in a case of Citizens United v. Federal Election
Commission, threw away the age-old restriction on corporate expenditures in
election campaigns. This has opened the floodgates for Super-PACs (Super
Political Action Committees). Literally any one can form a super PAC and raise
unlimited amount of money from individuals, corporations and unions. Even though
a super PAC cannot donate the money to the candidate, yet is legally allowed to
spend on media campaigning - favoring or opposing a candidate or party. The
court took a very restrictive view of the term corruption in this case,
decreeing that political donation here is consistent with first amendment of
American constitution that allows freedom of speech. Since in such a scenario,
there is no pro quid pro, hence no corruption, observed the court. Super-PACs
have changed the game of campaign financing now. Majority of contributions to
super-PACs come from ultra-rich donors, and not corporations. A study has
revealed that Super PACs in the 2012 Presidential elections raised $505 million,
about $200 million more than the presidential candidates combined, from only 159
donors. Sheldon Adelson, a famous Las Vegas hotelier alone spent $150 million to
support conservative Republican candidates. Another super-PAC -named Americans
for Prosperity- was financially supported by Charles and David Koch and spent
$122 million during the 2012 campaign. Needless to say, there is no pro quid pro
here, but the power of influence is clearly visible. In current times, 25 % of
campaign funding in USA alone comes from 0.001 donors, rest 75 % coming from
99.99 percent. Who is a more powerful influencer?

Similarly, lobbying is another blot that has come to be accepted in the modern
world. Lobbying - considered to be illegal in olden times- is a perfect example
that shows how perception of corruption has changed insidiously over time. The
practice allows corporations to spend enormous amount of money to influence the
legislators and the Congress. However, lobbyists are being paid to advocate for
someone's (say, a tobacco company) private interests and not public good. The
fact that, more than 50 % of members of Congress become lobbyists upon leaving
the office is a telling story as to how the modern democracies have accommodated
the distasteful practice of corruption in the name of free speech. But is money
speech?

Fighting graft is in everyone's benefit. Alone governments cannot do it. A
strong republic will only emerge when its residents live like citizens and not
just private residents.

The author is a Chicago-based practicing physician (neonatologist) and a
socio-political commentator. Twitter: @drmunishraizada Email: pedia333@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Afghan official says US aid went towards corruption

LENGTH: 562 words


Text of report by private Pakistan-based Afghan Islamic Press news agency

Kabul, 24 July: Ministry of Finance: Most corruption in money spent by USA.

The Ministry of Finance of Afghanistan said that most corruption and waste has
been in the aid money spent by the USA in the country. Officials of the ministry
said that the USA has spent billions of dollars in civil and military fields in
Afghanistan the way it has pleased, but hundreds of millions of dollars have
flown into individuals' pockets.

Najibollah Manelai, adviser of the minister of finance, told AIP on Wednesday 24
July that the USA has spent its aid in the civil and military fields without
consultation with the Afghan government and too much corruption has existed in
it.

He added:

"The USA has spent tens of billions of dollars in Afghanistan. The aid has been
contracted with foreign organizations. And we believe that the main corruption
has been in these funds and the way they are spent. A percentage of the funds
have been given to the Afghan government, and it is ready for accountability
about the percentage".

These remarks were made after the US Special Inspector-General for Afghanistan
Reconstruction (SIGAR), John Sopko, said that the US has spent 93bn dollars in
reconstruction of Afghanistan in the past years, millions of which were
embezzled.

He said in a recent report that even some of the US money, which may be a large
amount, was accessed by the Taleban one way or the other.

Sopko said that those organizations and individuals that contracted the aid or
spent them, should be questioned in this regard.

Sopko also somehow accepted that the Afghan government was not that much blamed
in spending the aid, because the aid has been spent by the foreigners,
particularly by the Americans.

However, an Afghan economic expert, said that while hundreds of millions of
dollars of international aid have flown into individuals' pockets in
Afghanistan, a lot of money has also been transferred to back to foreign
countries.

Mohammad Rafiq Wezhdan, the expert, told Afghan Islamic Press Wednesday that
publication of any report about corruption in Afghanistan will negatively impact
the international aid to the country.

"I also believe that the main corruption is in spending of the aid by the
international community. The amount of money spent by Afghanistan is less and
corruption is not as much in it as it is in the money spent by the international
community. A big percentage of the US aid has flown into individuals' pockets
and the USA must be accountable in this respect. However, the remarks made by
Sopko will motivate the international community to reduce their aid to
Afghanistan" he said.

Corruption is among the serious problems in Afghanistan. This phenomenon has
damaged the Afghan government's prestige at a national and international level
to a great extent.

Although, the Afghan government has accepted that corruption exists in state
bodies, even President Karzai has always said that the main corruption is in the
aid which the international community has spent in Afghanistan.

In the past years, the Afghan government has spent 20 per cent of the
international aid, but the remaining 80 per cent has been spent without
consultation of foreign countries with the Afghan government by foreign
organizations.

Source: Afghan Islamic Press news agency, Peshawar, in Pashto 1225 gmt 24 Jul 13

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 7, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

For NYC cops, license for crime / Probe cites 'a failure at the top'

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 528 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A parade of dirty cops who dealt drugs and beat innocent people has shocked this
city during seven days of corruption hearings that conclude today.

Some of the testimony about new, "more destructive" forms of corruption was
expected. But what is most disturbing, criminologists say, are revelations about
how police brass allowed corruption to continue.

"People anxious to report and investigate" corruption were discouraged "from the
top out of fear of what those disclosures might mean," says Herman Goldstein, a
University of Wisconsin criminologist.

Witnesses before the commission headed by former judge Milton Mollen said the
threat of retaliation and fear of scandal allowed corruption to grow and spread.

The hearings follow a year-long investigation by the Mollen Commission,
appointed by Mayor David Dinkins.

Daniel Sullivan, former head of the department's Internal Affairs Division,
testified that the message from top brass to his investigators was simple: "We
shouldn't be so aggressive because the department doesn't want bad press."

His testimony followed a line of crooked officers who told about pervasive
indifference to corruption. Honest officers testified their efforts to report
and investigate corruption ran into resistance and retaliation.

Mark Moore, a professor of criminal justice at Harvard, notes that "the world
has changed in some crucial ways since" officers Frank Serpico and David Durk
exposed systemic corruption 22 years ago. Despite reforms, the public focus on
corruption slackened and the forms of corruption became "more destructive."

The"good news," he says, is that the new corruption may be easier to control.

Among the practices that promoted corruption, witnesses said, was "dumping" bad
cops in poor, high-crime areas. And top brass' attitude gave dirty cops license.
In some cases, officers told of direct orders that ruined investigations.

Sgt. Joseph Trimboli says a commander sent him on a wild goose chase in another
precinct as he was closing in on Michael Dowd, the city's most notorious
cocaine-dealing cop.

Dowd's brazen use of drug money to buy a red Corvette, four homes and expensive
vacations fanned his widespread reputation as a bad cop. His 1992 arrest by
Suffolk County police, after 14 separate abortive New York investigations,
touched off the probe.

"The depressing part" is that "things slid so far backward," says Sam Walker, a
University of Nebraska criminologist. The hearings, he says, have revealed a
"failure of management at the top."

Most experts trace the current problem to the so-called "Buddy Boys" scandal in
1986 that rocked Brooklyn's 77th Precinct. Heads rolled, with top brass
transferring and demoting 27 supervisors.

Supervisors felt they were made scapegoats and turned their backs on corruption
rather than cracking down on it.

Experts say the fundamental question as the Mollen Commission concludes public
hearings is how to create a system to continuously monitor and investigate
police corruption no matter who it embarrasses.

Says Moore: "One needs to plug the police department into a system of public
concern that will keep the voltage running through."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

THE NATION; See sidebar; 03A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 22, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FBI looks to public to weed out corruption Amid renewed awareness, agents set up
a hotline and e-mail address to gather tips.

BYLINE: Felisa Cardona The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. A-18

LENGTH: 353 words


The Denver FBI wants to know whether government officials are engaged in
criminal activities that violate the public's trust - such as awarding political
favors in exchange for cash.

Agents want to take advantage of the public's renewed awareness of public
corruption as the scandal surrounding Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich - who has
denied any wrongdoing - unfolds.

"We feel like the general public needs to be aware and realize there is an
avenue where they can call and e-mail complaints of public corruption if they
think something going on is not quite right," said Special Agent Kathleen Wright
of the Denver FBI.

Last week, the Denver FBI set up a hotline and an e-mail address for tipsters in
Colorado and Wyoming to leave information if they believe a public official is
committing a crime.

"We encourage people to send an e-mail or leave voice-mail information so we can
have an agent recontact them if we need to know some more details about what
they are reporting," Wright said.

"Just because someone calls and says, 'So and so is corrupt,' doesn't mean we
can open a full investigation. We need a few more details to look into it and
enough information to move forward."

Wright says agents prefer tipsters leave a name and number, but if the only way
to give the information is to leave it anonymously, then the tip should be very
specific.

"Give us enough information and details so we know who we are looking at and
what we are looking at," she said.

Public-corruption crimes usually involve someone who is a government contractor
or employee who uses their position for personal gain.

"This could be anything from legislative corruption to judicial corruption to
election fraud and even law-enforcement corruption," she said.

Denver FBI agents do not have any public-corruption cases pending, and Wright
says that could mean there is no corruption here or it's just not being
reported.

Felisa Cardona: 303-954-1219 or fcardona@denverpost.com --------------------
Regional effort

To report a case of public corruption, citizens in Colorado and Wyoming may call
888-232-3270 or e-mail dn_public_corruption @ic.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Russian state TV show launches attack on "corrupt" US president

LENGTH: 1147 words


The 17 February edition of the "Special Correspondent" talk show on Russian
state-owned Rossiya 1 TV included a lengthy video report on what it claimed were
manifestations of corruption in US politics, and a studio discussion of
repercussions thereof. Strongly anti-Western tone was predominant.

Documentary dubs US president "emperor"

The centrepiece of the programme was a 32-minute report by "Special
Correspondent" presenter Yevgeniy Popov and his counterpart at another Rossiya 1
programme, "Vesti.doc", Olga Skabeyeva, which was titled "Emperor Obama" in
reference to US President Barack Obama. Computer graphics showed Obama wearing a
crown and sitting on a throne.

Skabeyeva offered another royal comparison, noting that Obama's wife Michelle
Obama was described as "the new Marie Antoinette" (an 18th century French
queen). Michelle Obama enjoys the life of luxury as most Americans are
struggling to make ends meet, she added as she described Obama's 2010 holiday in
Spain.

The rules of Washington are dictated from the Wall Street, Skabeyeva said. "The
USA is the only country where legal forms of corruption exist," she added.
Skabeyeva also focused on alleged embezzlement concerning defence contracts in
the Middle East.

The "Obamacare" health care reform cost dearly to the taxpayers, and is faulty
even now, Popov said. Millions of dollars are written off for dubious projects,
he added. President Obama uses the IRS to target Republican supporters, Popov
claimed. "Influential conservative organisation" Judicial Watch included Obama
in the list of the most corrupt politicians in the US, he noted. It is not a
sensation because corruption is a long-running trend, Popov said. Another
conservative group that Popov cited favourably was Rasmussen Reports, which
released a poll indicating that 81 per cent of Americans beleive federal
authorities to be "crooked" (tinyurl.com/hxu45vu).

The film included interviews with US analysts, historians, an ex-lobbyist and
ex-CIA officer.

US corruption makes it "evil empire"

Speaking during studio discussion, Popov described the USA as "a classic evil
empire" led by emperor and empress (i. e. Barack and Michelle Obamas). The USA
is "a benchmark [Rus: etalonnaya] democracy based on total corruption", he
added. Commenting on the film's contents, Popov said that it showed "how budget
funds are siphoned off [Rus: pilyat byudzhet] in Washington and how the master
of the White House persecutes [Rus: travit] the opposition with taxes". US Vice
President Joe Biden's son Hunter Biden's role in Ukrainian gas company Burisma
Holdings is an example of application of internal corruption to foreign policy,
he added. Popov repeatedly claimed that Transparency International is an
American organisation (in fact, it is based in Germany).

Popov and Skabeyeva alike highlighted anti-corruption efforts of the pro-Kremlin
group All-Russian People's Front (ONF) and their coverage by Rossiya 1 as
successes of Russia's fight against corruption.

Rossiya 24 presenter Konstantin Semin cited the 1990s Bank of New York
corruption allegations which he said implicated Rosnano head Anatoliy Chubays.

Deputy State Duma speaker Sergey Zheleznyak (United Russia) said that US
citizens are powerless as they cannot elect a president who is not supported by
major corporations, and the elections are indirect anyway. He defended the Dima
Yakovlev Law, which banned adoption of Russian orphans by US citizens, as
protecting against "selling children for body parts".

Chairman of the Federation Council international affairs committee Konstantin
Kosachev said that unlike in the USA, Russia does not appoint people from
business or who made campaign contributions as ambassadors. He described such
practices as "political corruption". Unlike the USA, Russia is trying to outlaw
political corruption, he added.

Advisor to the director general of Rossiya Segodnya (Russia Today) state news
agency, Public Chamber member Veronika Krasheninnikova said that "a
sophisticated system" of corruption was built in the USA. Their entire statehood
is based on that, on Wall Street buying candidates and laws, she added. Some
Soviet leaders were bought by Washington to destroy the Soviet system in the
1980s, Krasheninnikova claimed.

Political analyst Andranik Migranyan said that Transparency International's
corruption perception indices are not objective, indeed "ridiculous", as they
are largely based on perceptions of its experts who often live off grants
provided by the USA and other Western countries.

TV presenter Andrey Karaulov cited US conspiracies to prevent Russian swine flu
medicine from getting worldwide circulation, to remelt metal from the zone
around the Chernobyl nuclear power plant for water pipes, to shoot down
mercilessly one of the aircraft seized during the 9/11 attacks in 2001, to
harbour Russian criminals, and to make the Malaysian Airlines flight 370
aircraft disappear.

West, BBC accused of information war against Russia

Apart from corruption, the West was accused of running an "information war"
against Russia, and recent BBC output was frequently evoked for examples.

We've grown so used to Russia being a "target of endless information wars", such
as the BBC film in which President Vladimir Putin was "smeared with black paint"
("Putin's Secret Riches"), that we start to see ourselves as being in the wrong,
Skabeyeva said.

Politics and Security Centre director Igor Vittel said that the BBC's "Putin's
Secret Riches" film is "talentless", a "failure [Rus: proval] of professional
standards", a nightmare of a film, devoid of facts, and only using black paint.

Actual Politics Centre director Andrey Tatarinov said that the "Emperor Obama"
film should not be viewed as a "payback [Rus: otvetka, a criminal slang word]"
to the BBC film ("Putin's Secret Riches") but an illustration, for Russian
viewers, of the sort of people that the Russian authorities have to deal with in
the West to solve issues around Syria, Ukraine etc.

Migranyan praised "Emperor Obama" as a very professionally made film which
provides an example of how well Russia's propaganda machine works now compared
to the Soviet one, so the West may be losing its information war indeed.

American University in Moscow president Eduard Lozanskiy named the BBC Two film
("World War Three: Inside the War Room") as one of the step towards normalising
the idea of nuclear war in the Western society's consciousness.

Other panellists were Civil Society Development Foundation chairman of the board
Konstantin Kostin, Strategic Communications Centre president Dmitriy Abzalov,
Political Studies Institute director Sergey Markov, Anatoliy Sobchak Foundation
expert Sergey Stankevich, US expert Ariel Cohen (by video link), Russia Insider
website editor in chief Charles Bausman, and New York Post columnist Mark
Nuckols.

Source: Rossiya 1 TV, Moscow, in Russian 1955 gmt 17 Feb 16

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       April 16, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Steptoe Adds SFO Joint Head of Bribery and Corruption Patrick Rappo in London

LENGTH: 553  words


New Delhi, April 16 -- Steptoe & Johnson LLP is pleased to announce that Patrick
Rappo , the former joint head of Bribery and Corruption of the UK's Serious
Fraud Office (SFO), has joined the firm as a partner. Mr. Rappo, who will reside
in Steptoe's London office, will practice in the firm's International Regulation
& Compliance and Litigation Groups, and will continue the expansion of the
firm's FCPA/Anti-Corruption and White-Collar Criminal Defense practices.



During his five years at the SFO, as a case manager and as joint head of Bribery
and Corruption, Mr. Rappo has been involved in a number of high-profile SFO
cases including allegations of bribery and corruption, and other forms of
serious and complex economic crime. His responsibilities for
multi-jurisdictional cases have given him the opportunity to work with the U.S.
Department of Justice (DOJ), the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and
other counterpart authorities around the world. He has also served as the point
of contact for self-reporting companies, and has been a key participant in the
efforts to introduce deferred prosecution agreements (DPAs) in the United
Kingdom, overseeing the SFO's Deferred Prosecution Working Group.

In welcoming Mr. Rappo, Steptoe Chair Roger Warin commented, "Patrick's
experience with the SFO, particularly in the fraud and corruption area, as well
as his prior experience as a barrister handling criminal cases, makes him an
excellent fit for Steptoe. Fraud and corruption cases have become increasingly
multi-jurisdictional in character in recent years, and the UK is an important
jurisdiction for such actions. Patrick's experience at the SFO in conjunction
with our strong cross-border FCPA/anti-corruption and white-collar capabilities
will provide our UK and international clients with unparalleled service in these
matters."

Steptoe's highly regarded FCPA/Anti-Corruption practice, with members in
Washington, London, Beijing, New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles, offers
preventive services, including M&A due diligence, compliance program development
and implementation and other transaction and operations counseling for
multinational companies, as well as representation in government and internal
corporate investigations and prosecutions and related civil litigation and
arbitration. The group has represented clients before the DOJ, SEC, World Bank,
and other bodies, and has performed special board committee investigations and
internal investigations for companies, boards of directors, audit committees,
and special litigation committees.

"Steptoe's reputation in FCPA and anti-corruption matters, its renowned
white-collar team, and its collegial culture, were all instrumental in my
decision to leave the government for private practice," said Mr. Rappo. "I am
very much looking forward to working with the team and utilizing my experience
to assist the firm's current and future clients in addressing the global bribery
and corruption challenges they face."

Mr. Rappo is a graduate of Oxford University (Pembroke College). He was called
to the bar in 1995 by the Honorable Society of Gray's Inn, and practiced as a
barrister in Chambers for 12 years before joining the SFO.

Mr. Rappo will be regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority (SRA) and Bar
council. He is fluent in French.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            June 29, 2011 Wednesday

Paper says USA should prove its honesty in fighting corruption in Afghanistan

LENGTH: 544 words


Excerpt from editorial entitled: "Revelation of another fraud in the system" by
pro-government Afghan newspaper Weesa on 29 June

President of the Da Afghanistan Bank [Abdol Qadir Fetrat] has dramatically
announced his resignation in the USA. He has said that the reason behind his
resignation in the USA is that he had disclosed the names of important
individuals involved in the Kabul Bank fraud and that he was threatened to death
by them.

This is at a time when the main issue is something else. Every job, particularly
high positions in critical conditions, is accompanied with threats. If it was
not so, then why were the armoured vehicles and high salaries in dollars were
paid to the gentlemen?

As the president of the Da Afghanistan Bank [the Central Bank], he was
responsible for monitoring the performance of all privately-owned banks,
including the Kabul Bank. When the fraud and corruption in the Kabul Bank were
revealed a little bit, the Da Afghanistan Bank president was assigned to monitor
its activities. However, an American company and Fetrat would give reports of
transparency in the Kabul Bank. This in itself is a proof that Fetrat had been
involved in the problems of the Kabul Bank, because he had kept the officials in
the darkness. While he had to deliver a complete report about the fraud in the
Kabul Bank to the officials at the end of last week, he has escaped to the USA
and has resigned from there.

There are several important points to be considered here. First of all, the
Afghan officials, particularly President Karzai, must not leave the issue in a
limbo. He must show as much seriousness in this issue as much as he has shown in
reaction to the wildness of the foreign forces. The president is responsible for
revealing the main figures behind administrative corruption. If Abdol Qadir
Fetrat was involved in the corruption and has escaped now, what is the Interpol
for? He must ask the USA to hand over all the individuals, who have gained fat
by sucking the Afghans' blood and are living a life of luxury with their
families in the USA right now, to the legal and judicial bodies to be
prosecuted. [Passage omitted]

If the USA really wants administrative corruption to be eliminated in the Afghan
government and system, it is a good test for it. The USA must immediately hand
over these individuals to the Afghan government if administrative corruption is
not just a pretext for exerting pressure and if administrative corruption is not
part of the political process in Afghanistan so that the country will not stand
on its own feet. If the USA overlooks the issue, the Afghan officials must talk
about it to the nation in clear terms so that the nation will know better about
those who claim to want strategic partnership with us.

The biggest responsibility here is of the Afghan government not to remain silent
anymore and to reveal the traders of the Afghans' blood and flesh and their
supporters.

If the government and the officials, particularly the president, decide to
approach the issue with expediency and remain silent in this regard, then the
people will have the right to suspect them as well and if such a thing happens,
it will be very difficult and even impossible to rectify it.

Source: Weesa, Kabul, in Pashto 29 Jun 11

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 27, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

India Isn't Exceptional for Corruption

SECTION: Section A; Page 32; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 312 words


To the Editor:

Your Nov. 10 article about corruption in India suffers from exaggeration.
Numerous sociological studies have found that corruption in India is less than
in the rest of the third world. In "The Control of Bureaucratic Corruption: Case
Studies in Asia," the British scholar Leslie Palmier of the University of Bath
observes that Indians recognize corruption as a malaise; whereas in other
countries it is accepted as a way of life. "The smoke grows, with little fire."

While salaries of lower-level Government servants were low in colonial days, in
the last four decades, thanks to strong, often militant trade unionism, the
salaries of lower-level Government servants have risen at a rate much higher
than that of inflation. The criticism now heard is Government servants are paid
too much, considering their low productivity.

Yes, there has been concern at the increase in corruption at the political
level, but according to many a study, India's elite civil service, the Indian
Administrative Service, is still by and large free of corruption. The Danish
scholar Jorgen Dige Pederson, in a study published in the July 1992 Journal of
Development Studies, concludes that the picture of increasing corruption in the
bureaucracy is false; and as for Indian Administration Service officers, most
were remarkably honest.

The reasons for the slow growth of the Indian economy have attracted intense
debate over the last three decades. Different schools of thought have identified
reasons ranging from socialistic planning and hypocrisy about egalitarianism to
the cultural ethos. The assertion that bureaucratic corruption is a cause for
economic stagnation does not seem convincing when confronted with empirical
evidence.

ANAND N. ASTHANA
Bronx, Nov. 17, 1992

The writer is a graduate student in development economics, Fordham U.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 21, 2004 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Despite Problems, Connecticut Has Low Corruption Rank

BYLINE:  By ROBERT F. WORTH

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: HARTFORD, Jan. 20


It might seem, from the headlines, that Connecticut has stumbled into an endless
bog of government corruption. Gov. John G. Rowland is facing an impeachment
inquiry after admitting last month that he lied about free work done on his
private cottage by state employees. Prosecutors are said to be zeroing in on
other officials, and in the past year alone, two big-city mayors have been
convicted of federal crimes.

But residents of the state can take comfort: Connecticut is only the 31st most
corrupt state in the union, at least according to one ranking.

That statistic comes from a survey released by Corporate Crime Reporter, a
Washington-based newsletter. The survey ranks all 50 states by the number of
public corruption convictions over the last decade per 100,000 residents.

By that standard, Connecticut comes out a relatively healthy 2.16. It is in
better shape than its neighbors New York and New Jersey, which rated 10th and
16th respectively.

"Thank God for small favors," said John Pavia, a law professor at Quinnipiac
School of Law. The news, he said, might even provide a new state tourism slogan:
"Not as Corrupt as You Think."

A call to the state's Tourism Council to test out that phrase was not returned
last night.

At the same time, Mr. Pavia sheepishly pointed out that the survey runs from
1993 through 2002, and therefore does not include two of the most recent
high-profile convictions. Last year, Bridgeport's mayor, Joseph P. Ganim, was
convicted on a raft of corruption charges, and Philip A. Giordano, the former
mayor of Waterbury, was convicted of sex crimes against children and admitted on
the stand to taking bribes. In March, Mr. Rowland's former chief of staff
admitted to taking bribes from a state contractor.

Those cases have helped earn the "land of steady habits" a few unwelcome new
nicknames, including Corrupticut.

In fact, despite its respectable ranking, Connecticut receives a long verbal
spanking on the Corporate Crime Reporter's web site.

"Connecticut, for example, has a strong economy and an educated citizenry,"
writes Russell Mokhiber, the report's author, in a statement posted on the
group's web site. "But its political economy has historically been weak, with
little public debate about the level of corruption around it until federal
prosecutors at the U.S. Attorney's office in Hartford decided to force the issue
out into the open."

There were no such moralizing paragraphs on the site about Mississippi, which
the survey rated the most corrupt state in the union (7.48 in numerical terns).
The least corrupt, incidentally, is Nebraska, at 0.52.

The survey's bald numbers may be a little unfair to states that have mounted
especially vigorous efforts to root out corruption and racked up more
convictions as a result.

"There is the suggestion that because a state ranks high on the list, not enough
is being done, when that is not necessarily true," Mr. Pavia said.

And of course, there are Democrats who say that Connecticut might rate better if
not for its current Republican governor, whose administration has been accused
of numerous ethical lapses since he was first elected in 1994.

"I sincerely believe that the Rowland administration is an exception," said
George C. Jepsen, the chairman of the Democratic State Committee. "He markedly
changed the ethical tone when he came in."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "A Title No State Desires"The Corporate Crime Reporter, a
Washington-based newsletter, devised a measure of each state's corruption from
the number of government corruption convictions over the last decade per 100,000
residents. RANK and CORRUPTION RATE 1. Mississippi: 7.482. North Dakota: 7.093.
Louisiana: 7.054. Alaska: 6.065. Illinois: 5.266. Montana: 4.957. South Dakota:
4.868. Kentucky: 4.599. Florida: 4.5810. New York: 4.5611. Ohio: 4.5612. Hawaii:
4.2613. Delaware: 3.9614. Pennsylvania: 3.7815. Alabama: 3.6716. New Jersey:
3.5731. Connecticut: 2.16

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 23, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Letter Opinion Writer Called 'Grossly Irresponsible'

SECTION: Section 11; New Jersey; Page 38, Column 3; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 329 words


The article by Roy L. Jones on public acceptance of corruption (Opinion Page,
Nov. 9) expressed, for the most part, sentiments with which no one would
disagree. Howewever, the first few paragraphs, where the stage is set for a
discussion of corruption, confuse and trouble me. Mr. Jones says:

''As an example, all we need do is focus upon the residents of Atlantic City.
Many of them did not approve of casinos, but they are as much the vic tims as
those who supported legalized gambling. They are confronte d daily with the
threat of losing their homes, of prostitution, of increased taxes and of violent
crime.

''Crime, it is true, has increased in noncasino states, too, but the point is
that citizens are generally paying the penalty for increased crime because there
is everywhere a growing passivity about corruption in government and the
community.''

The rest of the article deals with certain events in Camden.  The article is
frightening and disturbing because it implies that there is ''official
corruption'' in Atlantic City, and yet the author makes no allegations, points
to no examples and fails to even discuss his assumed premise of corruption in
Atlantic City.

This is grossly irresponsible. Either the author has reason to make charges and
stand behind them, or he does not. Painting the entire casino industry and the
city of Atlantic City with this broad brush of presumed corruption does as much
to undermine public confidence in government as do the concerns he raises in the
rest of the article.

Additionally, I am concerned by his use of the magic word ''casinos.''
Apparently, the implication here is that casinos lead to crime and official
corruption.

If Mr. Jones wishes to to make a case for this position, I, for one, would be
happy to debate him. But as one who has devoted a good deal of professional time
to this matter, I believe that this completely unsubstantiated allusion is an
affront to clear thinking.
JOEL H. STERNS, Trenton

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company

                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

EDITORIAL: Corruption in Florida still a hot topic

BYLINE: Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 425 words


Jan. 15--Florida no longer ranks as the most corrupt state in the country, but
that is hardly cause to celebrate.

Tallahassee-based Integrity Florida released a report last week finding that
Florida had 622 federal convictions for public corruption from 2003 to 2013,
more than any state but Texas and California.

Florida had ranked at the top of the list during the 10-year period from 2000 to
2010. But a downward trend doesn't mean the state solved its corruption problem.

"That's a lot of corruption, I don't care how big Florida is," said Integrity
Florida research director Ben Wilcox said. "I don't think the fact that the
numbers have declined means that we need to take our foot off the gas pedal."

Reforms passed in 2013 and 2014 were the first significant update of the state's
ethics laws since the 1970s. But much more could be done to ensure government
accountability and prevent influence peddling and other corruption that falls
short of outright bribery.

The Legislature must first stop weakening public records laws, which makes
corruption harder for the media and public to catch.

Lawmakers should also pass legislation endorsed by Integrity Florida as a way to
ensure a more open, ethical and accountable government.

Senate Bill 582 would allow government contractors and vendors to be prosecuted
under bribery laws and change the standard for some corruption cases. Senate
Bill 686 would make those changes as well as other reforms, including requiring
elected municipal officials to file more expansive financial disclosure forms.

A statewide grand jury created in February 2010 found public officials often
escape punishment for corruption in Florida: The act might not be criminalized,
the case too difficult to prove, the punishments too lenient or plea bargains
taken to avoid negative publicity.

The grand jury concluded that widespread "theft and mismanagement" of public
funds in Florida amounted to a "corruption tax" that increased the cost of
public services. Yet its recommendations to fix deficiencies in current law were
essentially ignored by the Legislature.

State lawmakers started to address the problem with the ethics reforms passed in
2013 and 2014, but didn't go far enough. The measures endorsed by Integrity
Florida would help Florida continue to shed its ranking as one of the most
corrupt states in the country.

___ (c)2016 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160115-FO-EDITORIAL-Corruption
-in-Florida-still-a-hot-topic-0115-20160115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2016 Northwest Florida Daily News

                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             July 3, 2008 Thursday

Hearings in US Congress reveals relations with Azerbaijan go sour - paper

LENGTH: 1377 words


The US Congress has expressed concern over the level of corruption in Azerbaijan
during a recent hearing into the situation in the South Caucasus, opposition
Azadliq paper reports. The author believes that the level of corruption in the
country is a threat to even the US national interests and it frightens investors
to invest their money in the Azerbaijani economy. US officials, the article
claims, seem not anxious about bellicose statements of the Azerbaijani
authorities to liberate the occupied lands through war as they are confident
that similar calls have no grounds. According to the author, the USA is also
unhappy about the latest amendments to the Electoral Code which opens up new
spaces for "outright falsifications". The report adds that the USA threatened
the Azerbaijani government with loss of "the riches" for the first time if they
deviate from the strategic line. The following is the text of Togrul Suleymanov
report by Azerbaijani newspaper Azadliq on 22-23 June headlined "The USA
threatened the Aliyevs with `riches'"; subheadings as published:

Hearings at the US Congress into the situation in the South Caucasus went off
interestingly. A number of regional problems, including territorial conflicts,
the level of corruption and several other issues were discussed. The questions
and proposals of congressmen were evaluated by Deputy Assistant Secretary of
State Daniel Fried. He also spoke about Washington's observations, policies and
predictions with regard to the situation in the region.

While paying attention to issues congressmen were keen on, we see the attitude
of the US elite surfacing with regard to the official political line of
Azerbaijan. Of course, it is an open secret that the political community, in
particular, the West is ultra-rational. The USA prefers force. The criteria of
force have been openly made public in our contemporary world. The Azerbaijani
authorities say they have been leaders of the region over the last four years.
The authorities, which considers the USA its closest ally, will probably not
answer Daniel Fried through [spokesman of the Azerbaijani Foreign Ministry]
Xazar Ibrahim. Anyway, while commenting on all points, we shall touch upon the
level of relations in all directions.

"High" level corruption

Azerbaijan like all partners does not credit the USA. The burning passion of the
political authorities to grow rich has led the level of corruption to a point
that all international organizations and even "partner countries" have to
acknowledge this. In other words, to avoid speaking about the existence of
corruption is an attempt to be compared with countries like China, Russia and
Cuba. US officials also tried to say that the corruption was also against their
national interests: "The state of affairs in business and investment sectors is
complex." As high-level corruption damages the formation of a free competition
market in the country, foreign investors, except for speculators, avoid
investments in Azerbaijan. In its turn, this hinders maintenance of secure
economic environment, at the same time, the stable security climate.

In other words, the growing economic monopolism and bureaucrat-owned businesses
in Azerbaijan disable the development of other sectors in the public life. The
reason for limiting itself to "calls" to reduce the level of corruption is that
the authorities do not show a positive inclination towards fighting corruption.
The appointment of the most well-known official and oligarch to head the fight
against corruption has deprived the USA of cooperation to this end.

Therefore, official Washington cannot go further from "calls". Bearing in mind
that apart from the energy sector Azerbaijan has no other incomes, and to draw
parallels between Daniel Fried's remarks on non-oil sector, we can say that the
USA has chosen to cooperate with the public in the Caucasus rather than the
pro-Russian governments. This means that the issue of a free market is certainly
amongst priorities. In a system where the free market lacks, the authorities,
which say that GDP has grown to 100 per cent with incomes generating from a
single source, count own money. Therefore, the USA describes this "high-level"
corruption.

"Calls for war are bluff"

Daniel Fried also commented on Azerbaijan's calls at the level of the president
to regain own lands through war. In his view, similar statements "are of no
significance". The statement that this is "of no significance" also means that
it is clear as noonday to the USA that the authorities are not making
preparations for war.

Fried also hurried up to voice the following opinion that "pugnacious rhetoric
of several Azerbaijani officials does not indicate that this country is making
preparations for war", said he trying to calm down US pro-Armenians. In its
turn, the Azerbaijani authorities are not in a hurry to draw conclusions from
this statement.

Our careful readers may recall that as early as 2006 when asked Matthew Bryza
said that "we hear similar statements very often, no point for serious concern".
Obviously, the USA knows that Azerbaijan is not making thorough preparations for
war.

Corruption in the army and the lack of discipline show that the authorities have
no fundamental plans for immediate action for the near future. Nevertheless, the
war rhetoric without grounds inflicts damages to the image of Azerbaijan. Some
commentators may also consider that Azerbaijan's fight is not over its image but
[lost] lands.

However, if there is no a real battle in question, the image of the state should
be preferred. Given this, war is also over the restoration of the state's image,
one may ask: why is the reputation lost while speaking about war? There is one
answer! Because the satisfaction of the whole of the world is that these are
frivolous.

A threat of "riches" for the first time

The USA finally spoke about the "loss of riches". True, this was presented as a
loss of Azerbaijan. But no doubt that it is an open secret that Azerbaijan's
energy resources are embezzled by the authorities, to be specific, by the Ruling
Family. This statement of Daniel Fried is a reply to Ilham Aliyev's reluctance
to honour a number of commitments relying on petrodollars.

He wanted to say that obvious revenue is not reliable and it might be lost if he
deviates from the strategic course by making it known that the attitude towards
Aliyev has reached a critical point.

Start of disloyalty in the election issue

As for the reasons why US officials did not react to the overall state of
democracy and the election-related issues, there comes to light intriguing
aspects. First of all, the USA has reacted to this issue at the highest level.
However, Azerbaijan has not drawn necessary conclusions. After the Aliyevs have
changed the Electoral Code and documented falsifications in legal terms, there
emerged that there is no way to the development theoretically and rhetorically.

So the USA "gives space" to the Aliyev family to go maximum further for all
kinds of falsifications and arbitrariness. The Aliyevs, who are confident that
"there are basis" for wide-ranging falsifications, are set a big trap. Now the
fate of the Aliyevs and the election is dependent on the adventure of the
political authorities (and the Kremlin-applied standards). Where can be respect
if there is no democracy?

A factor showing that the foreign policy of the Azerbaijani authorities and its
Karabakh diplomacy is in a devastated state is the dual relations towards the
territorial integrity of Georgia and Azerbaijan.

On the one hand, the Aliyevs speak about the successes of "great" and "wise"
course, on the other hand, present their defeats at small and big international
organizations as malice of the opposite side.

Georgia has neither oil and gas nor "a wise policy shaking the world"; we
wonder, why is Georgia's territorial integrity is recognized unconditionally but
not that of Azerbaijan?

What is obvious is that Georgia has a democracy and this is a fundamental
shortage we lack. In our opinion, a policy which is soft and inclined to
cooperation is better than that of the "wise policy" that gives way to double
standards. Where there is no democracy, there is no point to rely on respect.

Source: Azadliq, Baku in Azeri 23 Jun 08 p 5

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Citizen (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 13, 2014 Sunday

Georgia ranks in middle in new corruption study

BYLINE: Charles Oliver, The Daily Citizen, Dalton, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


July 13--Georgia doesn't rank among the most corrupt states in the nation,
according to a recent study. But it doesn't rank among the least corrupt either.

Georgia ranks as the 31st least corrupt state in America, according to a study
in the May/June issue of Public Administration Review.

Oregon headed the list as the least corrupt state, followed by Washington,
Minnesota, New Hampshire, Utah, Iowa, Nebraska, Colorado, Vermont and Wisconsin.

Mississippi was at the bottom of the list as the most corrupt state. Louisiana,
Tennessee, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Alabama, Alaska, South Dakota, Kentucky and
Florida also ranked among the bottom 10 states.

Researchers John L. Mikesell of Indiana University and Cheol Liu of City
University of Hong Kong developed the list by dividing the number of federal
convictions of public officials in each state between 1976 and 2008 by the
number of public employees.

Georgia had 0.54 federal convictions for each 10,000 public employees in that
period. By comparison, Oregon had 0.128 and Mississippi had 0.855.

Among states that border Georgia, Tennessee had 0.836, Alabama had 0.711,
Florida had 0.645, South Carolina had 0.567 and North Carolina had 0.325

But lawmakers and some analysts said they aren't sure how much those numbers
tell us.

"I haven't been able to access the full study, but I'm not sure this is the best
methodology," said Matthew Hipps, assistant professor of political science at
Dalton State College.

"I'm not sure that the number of convictions really tells us how much corruption
there is in an area," he added. "It's a measure, but it's not a very nuanced
measure."

State Sen. Charlie Bethel, R-Dalton, agrees.

"This tells us who got caught and convicted. It doesn't tell us who is out there
doing things we haven't caught yet," he said. "It's entirely possible that
having a larger number of prosecutions and convictions may be a good thing
because it shows that going after corruption and rooting it out is something
that prosecutors and law enforcement and others take seriously. I'm not sure I'd
feel really great to be at the top of this list. I'm not sure that I'd feel bad
to be at the very bottom."

Bethel said he would like to believe that Georgia's people and elected officials
have created an atmosphere where public officials are less corrupt than the
average.

"But reason tells me that there's probably going to be a uniform average
everywhere without the threat of prosecution and sanctions," he said.

Bethel said he supports legislation that would allow the attorney general to
impanel a state grand jury.

"Most of the places that use the statewide grand jury use them for the purpose
of addressing public corruption," he said. "With all due respect to the
prosecutors we have throughout the state, it can be difficult just from a
resources standpoint, much less the local relationships, for a (district)
attorney to address a major issue of public corruption."

Does this latest study provide any help for lawmakers in drafting measures to
combat corruption?

"Without being able to dig down into the details, I don't know that it does,"
said state Rep. Tom Dickson, R-Cohutta. "We really need to know the type of
corruption we face before we can write any laws to try to reduce it. Is it
elected officials or public employees? Is it at the state level or the local
level? The answers to those questions could make a difference in how we
respond."

___ (c)2014 The Daily Citizen (Dalton, Ga.) Visit The Daily Citizen (Dalton,
Ga.) at daltondailycitizen.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140713-DW-Georgia-ranks-in-middle-in-new-corruption
-study-0713-20140713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DW


                        Copyright 2014 The Daily Citizen

                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                          November 15, 2007, Thursday

An anticorruption army of one

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 531 words


Thanks to an alert bank clerk in Bowie, Md., Americans have been reminded they
can fight government corruption just by acting responsibly in their jobs and as
citizens. The employee's suspicions led to a federal probe that is uncovering
the largest-ever theft of city money in Washington, DC.

Last week, federal agents announced that workers in the city tax office
allegedly stole $20 million by making out refund checks to bogus companies and
depositing them in private accounts.

But the nation's capital city hardly stands alone in the swamp of local and
state corruption.

Also last week, New York's former police commissioner Bernard Kerik was indicted
on federal corruption charges. The same week, former Illinois Gov. George Ryan
began serving a sentence of more than six years, also for corruption. In Alaska,
a federal probe of oil money paid to state lawmakers continues to unfold and
snare.

And those are just a few headlines about low ethics in high places.

As ancient as the counsel about corruption (the Bible warns specifically about
bribing) is the depth of corruption's cost to society. The most obvious cost is
waste. The stolen funds from the DC Treasury could have paid for 40 firetrucks
or 10 Metro subway cars to ease rushhour congestion.

People who study corruption maintain it also costs jobs. A 2004 study at the
University of Connecticut - a state that has seen a string of tarnished public
officials in the past decade - found it creates uncertainty for business and
thus stunts job growth, to a greater degree than even high taxes do.

The same was found for Louisiana, a state notorious for greased palms.
Out-of-state companies say cleaning up corruption is the second most important
thing Louisiana can do to lure them to the state - after improving schools but
before cutting taxes.

Then there's the glue that holds the governing and the governed together: trust.
Just when many Americans might be wondering whether government should play a
greater role in finding solutions to weak bridges, unaffordable healthcare, and
fossil-fuel energy, can they trust it?

In recent decades, actually, new accounting and audit standards for state and
local governments have markedly improved the reliability of government financial
reports. Breaches of ethics have brought stricter ethics guidelines (in New
Jersey, a new ethics code forbids even a free cup of coffee) - but such
guidelines have teeth only if they are enforced.

Greater transparency and oversight, as well as law enforcement's commitment to
set up stings and launch investigations, are all ways to keep corruption in
check. But what happens when these systems fail or are underfunded? The alleged
leader of the DC check-writing scheme realized no one was watching her.

That's when controls need to be tightened, but also individuals can remember
their role. Fellow office workers need to speak up when they suspect wrongdoing,
just as the bank employee did. And if they don't report it, voters will
eventually catch up with them and their bosses. Public servants who forget they
are there to serve, can themselves be served a warrant - or a pink slip come
election time.

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

FBI creates tip line to report public corruption in Maine, other states

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 491 words


The Boston Division of the FBI announced on Monday a new initiative designed to
solicit the public's help in identifying and targeting public corruption in
Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Rhode Island.


The national campaign was announced at press conferences held in regional FBI
headquarters across the nation. It will focus on targeting fraud and corruption
at all levels of government, according to a press release. The initiative
includes the launch of a new, toll-free tip line number, 844-NOBRIBE
(844-662-7423), and a billboard campaign called Stop Corruption Now. Online tips
can be submitted at tips.fbi.gov.


"Concerned citizens are the FBI's biggest asset when it comes to exposing people
who are abusing the public's trust and misusing taxpayer money to line their own
pockets," Special Agent in Charge Vincent B. Lisi said in the release. "This tip
line is designed to be an easy way for those with knowledge of schemes to report
those schemes."


Each year, the U.S. Department of Justice submits a report to Congress on the
public integrity section of the Department of Justice. Between Jan. 1, 2004, and
Dec. 31, 2013, 21,319 individuals were charged with public corruption crimes,
and 19,071 were convicted in that same time period. Information about the number
of people charged but found not guilty were not included in the report.


During that decade, 35 people were convicted on public corruption charges in
Maine, the report said.


Former Chelsea selectwoman Carole Swan, 56, was sentenced in June in U.S.
District Court in Bangor to seven years and three months in federal prison on
charges of extortion and tax and workers' compensation fraud. A jury found that
Swan tried to extort $20,000 from Frank Monroe, a Whitefield contractor, so he
could get and keep a lucrative plowing contract.


Her case is not included in the report because she was convicted in 2014.


Various types of corruption include bribery, extortion, embezzlement,
racketeering, kickbacks, money laundering and wire, mail, bank and tax fraud.
The public is encouraged to review these corruption questionnaires for awarding
contracts, distributing economic stimulus funds and government fraud. If the
answer is yes to any of these questions, the FBI should be contacted.


Public corruption remains a top criminal priority for the FBI, the release said.
Government officials -- whether elected, appointed or under contract -- who use
their public office for personal gain are violating the public's trust. It is a
violation of federal law for any federal, state or local government official to
receive anything of value in exchange for, or because of, any official act.


One area of growing concern over the last few years is the expansion of gaming,
which also may increase public corruption, financial and organized crime,
according to the release.


In connection with this initiative, advertisements for the tip line also will
appear on Facebook in the coming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

FBI creates tip line to report public corruption in Maine, other states

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 491 words


The Boston Division of the FBI announced on Monday a new initiative designed to
solicit the public's help in identifying and targeting public corruption in
Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Rhode Island.


The national campaign was announced at press conferences held in regional FBI
headquarters across the nation. It will focus on targeting fraud and corruption
at all levels of government, according to a press release. The initiative
includes the launch of a new, toll-free tip line number, 844-NOBRIBE
(844-662-7423), and a billboard campaign called Stop Corruption Now. Online tips
can be submitted at tips.fbi.gov.


"Concerned citizens are the FBI's biggest asset when it comes to exposing people
who are abusing the public's trust and misusing taxpayer money to line their own
pockets," Special Agent in Charge Vincent B. Lisi said in the release. "This tip
line is designed to be an easy way for those with knowledge of schemes to report
those schemes."


Each year, the U.S. Department of Justice submits a report to Congress on the
public integrity section of the Department of Justice. Between Jan. 1, 2004, and
Dec. 31, 2013, 21,319 individuals were charged with public corruption crimes,
and 19,071 were convicted in that same time period. Information about the number
of people charged but found not guilty were not included in the report.


During that decade, 35 people were convicted on public corruption charges in
Maine, the report said.


Former Chelsea selectwoman Carole Swan, 56, was sentenced in June in U.S.
District Court in Bangor to seven years and three months in federal prison on
charges of extortion and tax and workers' compensation fraud. A jury found that
Swan tried to extort $20,000 from Frank Monroe, a Whitefield contractor, so he
could get and keep a lucrative plowing contract.


Her case is not included in the report because she was convicted in 2014.


Various types of corruption include bribery, extortion, embezzlement,
racketeering, kickbacks, money laundering and wire, mail, bank and tax fraud.
The public is encouraged to review these corruption questionnaires for awarding
contracts, distributing economic stimulus funds and government fraud. If the
answer is yes to any of these questions, the FBI should be contacted.


Public corruption remains a top criminal priority for the FBI, the release said.
Government officials -- whether elected, appointed or under contract -- who use
their public office for personal gain are violating the public's trust. It is a
violation of federal law for any federal, state or local government official to
receive anything of value in exchange for, or because of, any official act.


One area of growing concern over the last few years is the expansion of gaming,
which also may increase public corruption, financial and organized crime,
according to the release.


In connection with this initiative, advertisements for the tip line also will
appear on Facebook in the coming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

New York State Attorney General on a mission to root out government corruption

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 335  words


Rochester attorney Hillel Deutsch is the new public integrity officer for the
Rochester Regional Office of the New York State Attorney General.

His appointment was announced Friday by Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman,
who met with members of the Monroe County Bar Association.

Schneiderman said Deutsch will make sure Rochester area residents have a place
to go to report complaints of government corruption without the fear of local
politics influencing the outcome.

"When it comes to local public corruption, the people of Rochester deserve a
dedicated cop on the beat," he said. "The presence of a public integrity officer
here will go a long way to root out corruption and address the concerns of
Rochester area residents. "

Scheiderman, as part of his reform initiative to restore confidence in the
public sector, is placing public integrity officers in all of the regional
offices across the state, formally linking to his central Public Integrity
Bureau.

Deutsch, who opened his own practice in Rochester last year, has done a
substantial amount of work in the public and private sectors including assisting
the Monroe County District Attorney's Office with motions and trials.

Deutsch began his practice in New York City representing clients in contract and
labor disputes and conducted internal investigations focusing on the needs of
small businesses in litigation and arbitration.

Deutsch, a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania Law School, also worked on
billion dollar securities fraud cases and telecommunications issues while
practicing at Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP in New York City. In addition, he has
a broad background in corporate fraud law.

As the local public integrity officer, Deutsch will take confidential complaints
from the public, facilitate investigations and coordinate with the Public
Integrity Bureau. He may be contacted at (585) 546-7430.

Other regional offices are in Binghamton, Long Island, Plattsburgh,
Poughkeepsie, Buffalo, Syracuse, Utica, Watertown and Westchester.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Personnel or management changes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 13, 2014 Sunday

Study: Kentucky 9th most corrupt U.S. state

BYLINE: Lana Bellamy, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1218 words


July 13--ASHLAND -- For anyone who has said Kentucky was one of the most corrupt
states in the U.S., new data has been released to back up that argument.

Last month, the Public Administration Review released a study that measured
corruption levels in all 50 states by focusing on illegal uses of public funds.
Kentucky was determined the number nine most corrupt state.

But the Bluegrass was not alone. Many other southern and eastern states like
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Florida, Louisiana and Alabama were ranked among the
top 10 in terms of corruption; Mississippi was rated the worst. Kentucky's
Midwest neighbor, Illinois, was the fourth most corrupt state.

The top 10 least corrupt states were mostly from the West. Oregon was found
least corrupt, followed by Washington, Minnesota, Nebraska, Iowa, Vermont, Utah,
New Hampshire, Colorado and Kansas.

John L. Mikesell of Indiana University and Cheol Liu from City University of
Hong Kong compiled data from 1997 to 2008, measuring corruption levels by the
number of public officials in each state that were convicted for federal
violations of corruption laws, as published by the Public Integrity Section of
the U.S. Department of Justice.

Mikesell and Liu defined corruption in two ways: the misuse of public office for
private gain (Mauro 1995) and as crimes involving abuses of the public trust by
government officials (USDOJ 2002).

As it goes, many political scandals in Kentucky are based upon misusing public
funds for private gains, whether it be for vote-buying, kickbacks or personal
means.

Michael W. Hail, an associate professor of government at Morehead State
University and director of the Masters of Public Administration program, said he
thinks Kentucky's corruption traces back to the public education system.

He said while other states require government classes in middle school and high
school, Kentucky does not.

"Or they require some form of a government class in school, but it deals more
with the history of government, not the functional side of government," he
explained.

He also said corruption in some parts of the state has become so common that it
is no longer investigated, becoming part of a norm instead of an offense.

"Some people in Kentucky, I think, sort of have resigned themselves into
thinking that's the way politics is. But, no, that is corruption," Hail said.

Not only does Hail think voters need to be more educated, but he said public
officials should have a higher academic pedigree in administration or politics,
too.

"The more they are educated in their field and profession, and practices in the
profession, the better job they will do in handling the public's money," he
said.

Since the study only examines levels of corruption from 1997-2008, here is a
brief look at some of the state's scandals that may have attributed to the high
levels of corruption found in the study.

Operation: BOPTrot

This scandal from the 1990s was unearthed by a federal investigation involving
the Kentucky legislature's Business Organizations and Professions committee, and
horse racing.

Up to 15 state legislators were taken into custody, some being dragged straight
off the house floor in cuffs, by the feds for selling votes to lobbyists.

New legislative restraints have been placed on lawmakers since BOPTrot, such as
restricted interaction between them and lobbyists, and requirements for full
financial disclosures from both parties, but it does not erase the scandal these
rules were inspired by.

Richie Farmer

With a nationally acclaimed basketball team at the University of Kentucky, news
of Richie Farmer's corruption during his time as the state's commissioner of
agriculture traveled far and wide.

Essentially, it's a story of a basketball star so beloved by the people of the
state turning around and misusing their money for private gains.

Farmer served as commissioner from 2004-11. Federal prosecutors sought and
secured the maximum sentence of 27-months for his crimes, to which he pleaded
guilty to last year.

He may have been cited in USA Today as telling Kentuckians he was, "truly, truly
sorry," but the reality is media uncovered spending abuses and illegal hiring
procedures by Farmer and his office.

When current commissioner James Comer took over Farmer's office the following
year, he asked State Auditor of Public Accounts Adam Edelen to perform a special
audit for the department, which served as the ultimate trigger into a federal
investigation.

Farmer went through a lengthy legal battle and was taken to jail earlier this
year.

This scandal may be relevant to the study explained above, since it takes into
account expenditures each year from 1997-08, which includes most of the time
Farmer spent in office.

Corruption, some locally, has continued even after the study was completed. Here
are some examples:

Conley and misuse of Morgan FEMA money

Morgan County Judge-Executive Tim Conley and his community had their world
flipped upside down by a devastating tornado that struck West Liberty in the
spring of 2012.

Federal Emergency Management Agency sent money to Morgan County for disaster
relief, a welcomed gesture by those who had possessions and lives ripped apart
by the storm.

But Conley is being accused of misusing this money to pay for PBTHNOJJ
Construction of Salyersville to remove debris from West Liberty and other areas
of the county. According to the indictment, Conley misused his position to
ensure the firm was overpaid for the work.

The indictment also alleges Conley was paid kickbacks, including cash payments
from proceeds of the contracts he awarded PBTHNOJJ.

Court records now show that Kenneth Lee and Ruth L. Gambill, owners of the
contracting firm, will plead guilty to the kickback scheme, which also involved
$1.1 million in contracts through Conley, mostly for small bridge and culvert
projects.

Of course, all this happened after the survey time.

Vote-buying

While buying votes is not the same as directly dipping into state funds, it is
still a serious crime and an example of Kentucky's most notorious form of
corruption.

Vote-buying can be categorized as anything a politician does to win votes,
whether it be paying off citizens or even bribery through services.

These types of scandals seem to be more prominent amongst judge-executive
candidates or school system superintendents.

For example, Arch Turner pleaded guilty in federal court to a vote-buying scheme
in 2012. That year, he went into federal court as the current superintendent of
Breathitt County Schools, but he admitted he was guilty of vote-buying during
the 2010 primary.

Former Elliott County Judge-Executive David Blair was removed from office by the
feds and convicted of theft in office and abusing public trust during the May
primary in 2010.

How did Blair choose to buy votes? He was graveling private driveways.

If this sound familiar, it is because graveling or paving driveways in exchange
for votes is one of the most common forms of vote-buying in Kentucky.

Ned Pillersdorf, Blair's attorney, told a local television station,
"Unfortunately, it had become part of the culture here."

___

LANA BELLAMY can be reached at lbellamy@dailyindependent.com or (606) 326-2653.

___ (c)2014 The Daily Independent (Ashland, Ky.) Visit The Daily Independent
(Ashland, Ky.) at www.dailyindependent.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140713-KA-Study-Kentucky-9th-most-corrupt-U-S-state-20140713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                      Copyright 2014 The Daily Independent

                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stateline.org

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 19, 2012 Monday

Report: New Jersey first in anti-corruption measures

BYLINE: Jim Malewitz, Stateline.org

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


March 19--New Jersey has some of the strictest anti-corruption and ethics laws
in the United States, and those laws are frequently enforced, a comprehensive
investigation of the nation's 50 state governments has found.

Yes, that New Jersey -- the state that where at least five legislators in the
last decade have been found guilty of official misconduct. It's the same New
Jersey whose governor resigned in 2004 while admitting he had an extramarital
affair with a man whom he had appointed as the state's homeland security
advisor.

But some of those scandals have prompted overhauls to state ethics laws that now
outpace safeguards found elsewhere, according to State Integrity Investigation,
a collaboration of the Center for Public Integrity, Global Integrity and Public
Radio International.

"People {in New Jersey} do get caught. They are fined. They're put away," said
Nathaniel Heller, managing director of Global Integrity, in a conference call
with reporters. "For those who were watching The Sopranos on TV that might be a
surprise."

Journalists in each state tracked 330 "corruption risk indicators," across 14
categories, assigning grades and rankings to each state government. The
reporting found that the governments largely lack transparency and
accountability to their citizens, leaving statehouses prone to corruption.

Much of that is caused by public records laws that are weak and sometimes
riddled with exemptions, according to the investigation. For example, Vermont's
open records laws contain some 260 exemptions. And in sparsely populated
Wyoming, legislators have exempted themselves from such laws, staying true to a
culture that values privacy.

Some states have strong laws on the books, but weak or non-existent mechanisms
to enforce them, the investigation found. That's often because of short-staffed
agencies, budget shortfalls or a simple lack of political will. States with the
biggest gaps between laws and enforcement were Virginia, Montana, Idaho, South
Dakota, Vermont and Nebraska.

New Jersey's top score, as well as Illinois' tenth place ranking, signified a
trend in which high-profile corruption cases sparked legislation that boosted
government accountability, reporters said.

States where large scandals haven't been uncovered, on the other hand, often
have weaker or non-existent laws and enforcement capabilities. That's the case,
according to the investigation, in North Dakota, Wyoming and South Dakota, which
joined Michigan, South Carolina, Maine, Virginia and Georgia at the bottom of
the overall list, with each receiving failing grades.

New Jersey's recently strengthened laws include protections against nepotism
among state employees and prohibition of gift-giving between lobbyists and
executive branch employees. Additionally, the state has made its ethics
commission more independent while bestowing it with the power to punish
violators, the report said.

Joining New Jersey atop the list of more vigilant states were Connecticut,
Washington, California and Nebraska. Each received grades in the B range,
signifying some lingering gaps in legislation and enforcement.

___ (c)2012 Stateline.org Visit Stateline.org at www.stateline.org Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120319-SH-NJ-ANTI-CORRUPTION-LDR-RPT-20120319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SH


                            Copyright 2012 Stateline

                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

N. Dakota tops analysis of corruption;
State has highest per-capita rate of public officials convicted

BYLINE: John Fritze

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 486 words


WASHINGTON -- Its largest city is legendary for machine-style politics and its
elected leaders have been under investigation for years, but by one measure,
Illinois is not even close to the nation's most-corrupt state.

North Dakota, it turns out, may hold that distinction instead.

Federal authorities arrested Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich Tuesday after a
wiretap allegedly recorded him scheming to make money on his appointment to fill
the U.S. Senate seat left vacant by President-elect Barack Obama. Blagojevich, a
Democrat, ran for election in part on cleaning up after his predecessor,
Republican George Ryan, who was convicted in 2006 of racketeering, bribery and
extortion.

"If it isn't the most corrupt state in the United States it's certainly one hell
of a competitor," Robert Grant, head of the FBI's Chicago office, said Tuesday.

On a per-capita basis, however, Illinois ranks 18th for the number of public
corruption convictions the federal government has won from 1998 through 2007,
according to a USA TODAY analysis of Department of Justice statistics.

Louisiana, Alaska and North Dakota topped all other states, including the Land
of Lincoln, in that analysis. Alaska narrowly ousted Republican Sen. Ted Stevens
in the election in November after he was convicted of not reporting gifts from
wealthy friends. In Louisiana, Democratic Rep. William Jefferson was indicted in
2007 on racketeering and bribery charges after the FBI said it found $90,000 in
marked bills in his freezer. Jefferson, who has maintained his innocence and
will soon go to trial, lost his seat to a Republican this year.

But North Dakota?

Don Morrison, executive director of the North Dakota Center for the Public Good,
an economic and social justice advocacy group, said it may be that North
Dakotans are better at rooting out corruption when it occurs. "Being a sparsely
populated state, people know each other," he said. "We know our elected
officials and so certainly to do what the governor of Illinois did is much more
difficult here."

Morrison said the state has encouraged bad government practices in some cases by
weakening disclosure laws. North Dakota does not require legislative or
statewide candidates to disclose their campaign expenses.

The analysis does not include corruption cases handled by state law enforcement,
and it considers only convictions. Corruption may run more rampant in some
states but go undetected.

Michael Johnston is a political science professor at Colgate University in New
York, which is ranked just after Illinois for corruption convictions. Johnston,
who has studied political corruption for 30 years, said places such as Illinois
gain a bad reputation that becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.

"Expectations build up ... and you replicate those expectations when you get to
the top of the ladder," Johnston said. "It gets repeated."

FOR LIST OF CONVICTIONS PER STATE, PLEASE SEE MICROFICHE OR PDF.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 2, 2009



CORRECTION: A chart on Dec. 11 that listed public corruption convictions by
state had incorrect numbers for California. There were 745 convictions in the
past decade, or two for every 100,000 residents. Erroneous information was
provided by the U.S. Department of Justice.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 27, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SOUTH FLORIDA CORRUPTION CAPITAL OF U.S.

BYLINE: By JANE MUSGRAVE Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 451 words


South Florida is the public corruption capital of the country, according to the
U.S. Department of Justice.

Between 1996 and 2005, a record-setting 576 people were convicted of federal
corruption charges in the district that extends from Key West to Sebastian,
according to the agency's most recent annual report.

That's far more than the 402 convicted during the same 10 years in Washington,
D.C. or the 453 convicted in Chicago, where political machines have been rolling
for decades.

New York City, another hotbed of government scandal, didn't even come close. A
mere 374 people were convicted of public corruption charges during the last
decade, the report shows.

Some political scientists said they were surprised South Florida beat out its
more time-honored counterparts for the dubious distinction. But, having watched
scandals rock the airport, numerous cities and other government agencies in
Miami-Dade County, they said they expected it would be high on the list.

"If you had given me a multiple choice test and South Florida was one of the
choices, I probably wouldn't have checked it," said Stephen Craig, a University
of Florida political science professor. But if "all of the above" were an
option, he said he would have recognized it as a player on the corruption scene.

The reasons South Florida has been plagued by public corruption are many and
varied, observers say. Rapid growth, an influx of immigrants who may have a
different view of how government business is run, skyrocketing land values and
aggressive prosecution are all factors, political scientists said.

But attitudes are key, most say. "It reflects the political culture of the
area," Craig said.

In the wake of the wide-ranging influence-peddling scandal involving lobbyist
Jack Abramoff, it appears that prosecution of political corruption is
increasing.

However, justice department officials say perception isn't reality.

"There's not been a sudden explosion in these types of cases," said Bryan
Sierra, a justice department spokesman. "They've been there all the time."

The Abramoff scandal, with tentacles that reached dozens of members of Congress,
was huge news across the nation.

"The profile of the cases increased, if not the volume," Sierra said.

Agency numbers shore up his claims.

From 1986 to 2005, the agency says, 23,602 federal, state and local officials
and private citizens were charged with some form of public corruption. The most
-- 1,276 -- were charged in 1987. Only 984 were charged in 1996.

The numbers increased steadily each year until 2004, when 1,213 people were
charged. The number dropped slightly in 2005, when 1,163 people were charged
with a variety of public corruption offenses.

jane_musgrave@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Did not run MSL.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Moving Pa. capital cure for corruption? Experts skeptical

BYLINE: by BRAD BUMSTED

LENGTH: 791 words


HARRISBURG - Quashing government corruption could be as simple as taking
Pennsylvania's capital on a turnpike trip to Pittsburgh or Philadelphia.

Two recent studies - one by Harvard University researcher Felipe Campante and
one by the National Bureau of Economic Research - found corruption is more
prevalent in "remote" state capitals with less intense media scrutiny than in
big cities. The studies examined federal corruption convictions from 1976 to
2002.

Law enforcement officials are skeptical, given both cities' white-collar rap
sheets.

"We certainly couldn't count on a capital in Philadelphia reducing corruption,"
said Cumberland County District Attorney David Freed.

The City of Brotherly Love produced a rogues gallery of corrupt public
officials, with convictions of former City Treasurer Corey Kemp, former
Councilman Jimmy Tayoun, former Senate power broker Vincent Fumo and Fumo's
mentor, the late Buddy Cianfani, who preceded Fumo as senator from District 1.

Fumo left federal prison this month, having served about four years of a
61-month sentence for fraud, tax evasion and obstruction of justice for trying
to cover up his crimes. He committed them in Philadelphia and Harrisburg,
defrauding taxpayers, a nonprofit and a seaport museum. The tab for his fraud:
$4.2 million.

"In my experience, corruption is essentially based on greed, and that happens
regardless of where the capital is located," said Freed, president of the
Pennsylvania District Attorneys Association.

Since 2009, more than two dozen people with ties to the state's General
Assembly, including two former House speakers, were convicted of felonies in
prosecutions by the state attorney general and local district attorneys. Only
one case - Fumo's - was tried by federal authorities.

In February, an Allegheny County jury found former Supreme Court Justice Joan
Orie Melvin guilty of using state staff for her campaigns. A judge sentenced her
to three years of house arrest. That case was not part of the study.

"The study's central thesis is that large capital cities, with a large market
share, are less likely to be corrupt because they are policed by large media
corporations," said Eric Epstein, co-founder of reform group Rock the Capital.
"Does anybody seriously believe that moving the capital from Harrisburg to
Philadelphia would make Pennsylvania less corrupt?"

"That's a simplistic reading of the results," Campante said, noting that other
factors contribute to corruption and his study didn't exclude those.

Yet he found a "robust link" to corruption in isolated capitals, compared with
capitals in urban areas with intense newspaper coverage and voter participation,
he said.

When he lived in Boston, Duquesne University law professor Wes Oliver said, the
Massachusetts Legislature had an overwhelming presence "because it was right in
the middle of town."

But despite the study's presenting "an interesting idea," he said, " I think it
is wrong."

Most major newspapers keep bureaus in Harrisburg, Oliver noted. Corruption
allegations typically stem from thorough, long-term investigations, and that
still becomes big news for Pittsburgh and Philadelphia news media outlets, he
said.

Campante said Albany, N.Y., and Springfield, Ill., stand out as fairly remote
state capitals with higher-than-average corruption rates. He said Pennsylvania
"sounds as if it fits the pattern."

Four of Illinois' last seven governors went to prison for corruption
convictions. The New York Assembly was hit with scandals involving more than 30
members, according to The New York Times.

J. Wesley Leckrone, a Widener University political science professor, finds
"mixed evidence that Pennsylvania fits cleanly into the overall thesis of the
article."

For example, Harrisburg is not among the least-concentrated capital populations
with its metro area populace of almost 550,000, Leckrone said.

"State government corruption is most affected by a state's political culture,
which sets the boundaries of acceptable behavior for politicians," Leckrone
said.

Pennsylvania's culture "is more tolerant of political corruption than other
states," he said. "This doesn't mean that citizens are not upset by the actions
of politicians. It just means that they have accepted it as part of the way our
political system operates."

Having a state capital between the state's two main metropolitan areas does not
enable corruption, Leckrone said, though it could be "a contributing factor"
that helps feed the underlying political culture.

"The idea that media coverage of government activities prevents corruption seems
a bit far-fetched to me," Leckrone said.

Brad Bumsted is Trib Total Media's state Capitol reporter. He can be reached at
717-787-1405 or bbumsted@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 27, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

MAYOR REFERS TO CORRUPTION IN PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATIONS

BYLINE: By JOYCE PURNICK

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 800 words


Mayor Koch, asked yesterday about mounting allegations of corruption in his
administration, said that dishonesty in government was nothing new and listed
examples in many previous administrations.

Mr. Koch, appearing on a television interview program, referred often to a sheet
of paper - the result of research done at his behest by aides - and listed
examples going back to the mayor he describes as his role model, Fiorello H. La
Guardia.

''I want to put it in perspective,'' the Mayor said. He appeared in an interview
with Gabe Pressman on the WNBC-TV program ''News Forum,'' just before leaving
for California where he will discuss revenue sharing, address an Israeli
charitable organization and promote his new book.

''People would like me to suddenly become a prisoner with an obsession. I'm not
going to do that. Regrettably corruption is endemic to our society.''

In his television appearance and afterward, Mr. Koch acknowledged that he was
responsible for what happened in his administration. But he repeatedly noted
that Mayors John V. Lindsay, Robert F. Wagner, Abraham D. Beame and La Guardia
had to cope with municipal scandals, too.

'They Were Selling Cadavers'

He cited an urban renewal scandal in the Wagner administration, police
corruption under Mr. Lindsay and housing corruption in the Beame administration.
''They were selling cadavers out of the morgue in the La Guardia
administration,'' he said.

''And I'm not finding fault with other Mayors,'' added Mr. Koch, who has often
done just that. ''You remember them as honest people and each of them made major
contributions.''

What is important, he said, is how chief executives deal with corruption. ''The
basic question is what does government do?'' he asked.

Mr. Koch praised himself for naming someone outside the administration, former
United States Attorney John S. Martin Jr., to examine how contracts are awarded.

The Mayor suggested he was doing more than any of his predecessors had and, as
he has on several recent occasions, read laudatory remarks about his anti-
corruption efforts from Rudolph W. Giuliani, United States Attorney for the
Southern District of New York.

The Mayor also reiterated that his commissioners name most of their staff
members, a system he is now reassessing. He has on many occasions pointed out he
did not appoint Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, the deputy commissioner in the Parking
Violations Bureau recently charged with extortion in connection with collection
agency contracts.

Mr. Koch said he followed this system to make commissioners responsible for the
actions of their appointees.

Mayor Tells of Dismissals

First Deputy Mayor Stanley Brezenoff acknowledged last week that he and Koch
advisers did send resumes of people seeking jobs to commissioners. But he said
the commissioners were not required to hire those people.

Yesterday, for the first time and in contrast to previous remarks, Mr. Koch said
he had dismissed 20 commissioners or deputy mayors for incompetence.

With few exceptions, the Mayor has refused to say he was unhappy with those who
have left his administration.

He named only three people, all of whom he has already discussed: Robert J.
Milano, his first deputy mayor for finance and economic development; Bernard
Rome, former head of Off-Track Betting, and former Deputy Mayor Herman Badillo.

The Mayor also spoke yesterday about other changes he has made in light of the
growing Federal investigation. They include asking the Board of Ethics to
consider barring county and district political leaders from doing business with
the city, a measure he opposed until last week; putting a $2,000 limit on
individual campaign contributions, which he had said he would not pursue because
it would not win legislative approval and adding a layer of review to the
approval process for most city contracts.

'Like Every Other Mayor'

Asked if making these moves did not suggest he had been wrong in not doing so
sooner, Mr. Koch said: ''Yeah. Like every other mayor.''

The Mayor also lashed out at Jimmy Breslin, The Daily News columnist, who first
reported Mr. Dowd's allegations against Mr. Manes. If the charges were accurate
and Mr. Dowd paid a bribe, Mr. Koch said, then Mr. Dowd as well as Mr. Manes is
guilty of a crime.

''Jimmy Breslin is a close friend of Michael G. Dowd,'' he asked. ''Why didn't
Jimmy Breslin investigate Michael Dowd eight years ago.?''

Mr. Breslin, in response, said The Daily News printed details about bribery
allegations as soon as he became aware of them.

He added: ''This is beautiful. At a time like this, obviously people step out of
whatever roles they were playing and they reveal the true dimensions of their
character. I am going to resist the temptation to be as small and ugly as
Koch.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              May 29, 2016 Sunday

Afghan press discusses US policies, quadrilateral meetings, new corruption drive

LENGTH: 987 words


The following is a selection of quotes from editorials published in the 29 May
editions of Dari and Pashto-language Afghan newspapers:

Criticism of US policies

A number of Afghan papers criticise the USA's policy towards Pakistan and
Afghanistan, accusing it of being "dishonest" towards the Afghan peace process.

Headline "Fighting still in USA's hand"

Sarnawesht (private, online version not available): "Following the killing of
[Taliban leader] Mullah Mansour, the US authorities are saying that the USA will
increase its pressure on Pakistan... But will the USA's stance on Pakistan
really change? Will the USA take action against armed opponents for the sake of
security in Afghanistan?... There are two views with regard to Afghan peace and
the USA's behaviour towards Pakistan. First, the USA wants security in
Afghanistan and it therefore exerts pressure to some extent on Pakistan, but not
more pressure. Second, the fighting in Afghanistan serves the interests of the
USA and it is the plan of that country to prolong the fighting in Afghanistan.
Therefore, it does not show serious reaction to Pakistan, rather it assists
Pakistan... Now it is even said that the attack on Mullah Mansour was not
because he was leading the fight in Afghanistan or because he was opposing peace
talks, but because he had crossed redlines and some of his activities had
threatened US interests... Time will prove that the US will not target Taliban
leaders, nor will it take any step which would lead to security and stability in
Afghanistan. Consequently, the claim that the USA's stance on Pakistan has been
changed or it is contributing to security in Afghanistan is not true".

Headline "USA's policy towards Pakistan is not justifiable"

Mandegar (private, www.mandegardaily.com): The situation shows that Americans
again have put the fight against terrorism at the top of their plans and are
trying to target their leaders... But Pakistan's stance as the main supporter of
terrorism is very interesting and ridiculous. This country objected to the
attack on the vehicle of the former Taliban leader and said that the killing of
Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour will undermine peace talks... But why to the
Americans not show any reaction to Pakistan's stance. If the Taliban are really
considered a threat to the USA, then those countries which are financially
supporting and equipping them must be listed as the main countries of threat.
This policy might be justifiable from the view of US leaders but it is not
justifiable from the view of the Afghan people who are actually facing the
threat of terrorism... So now, with the new leader of the Taliban, the
determination of the world to eliminate terrorist groups must enter its real
phase. Terrorist groups will not be eliminated after the death of the former
Taliban leader. These groups, with the cooperation of their supporting
countries, could resurface to resume the fight against world peace".
[http://tiny.cc/bgmsby]

Quadrilateral meetings

It is expected that the sixth round of the quadrilateral meeting of Afghanistan,
Pakistan, China and USA will be held either in Turkmenistan or Qatar. An Afghan
paper stresses the need for Afghanistan to persuade the world community to exert
pressure on Pakistan so that it takes action against armed insurgents on its
soil.

Headline "Taliban are not independent group to make independent decisions"

Anis daily (state-run, online version not available): "The Afghan high peace
council has said that the sixth round of the Quadrilateral Coordination Group
meeting on Afghan peace will either be held in Turkmenistan or Qatar... Qatar
and Turkmenistan's readiness and the hosting of the Afghan peace process by
these two countries come after the death of Mullah Mansour; the Taliban and
their supporters have appointed a man named Mullah Hibatullah Akhundzada as his
successor... Analysts believe that the Taliban are not basically independent to
make decisions themselves. Therefore, the change in leadership cannot bring any
change in its performance. On this basis, the quadrilateral meetings,
irrespective of where they are held in the world, will not bring about
fundamental changes unless Pakistan brings changes in its policy towards Afghan
peace. Thus, the Afghan government must take steps to put pressure on Pakistan
through the world community so that Pakistan desists from supporting opponents
of the government, especially the Taliban."

New anti-corruption move

The Afghan government has announced that it will launch a new anti-corruption
fight. Some Afghan papers call on the leader of the national unity government to
take realistic steps on fighting administrative corruption in the country.

Headline "Seasonal anti-corruption movements"

Hasht-e Sobh (independent, www.8am.af): "President Ashraf Ghani has said that
the fight against financial and administrative corruption will start next
week... The expectation of the people is that the government's movements on
fighting financial and administrative corruption must not be seasonal. The
national unity government in the past also had showed some new movements with
regard to tackling financial and administrative corruption but, later on it
seemed that those movements were seasonal only. Whenever an international summit
on Afghanistan is coming up, Kabul tries to show activeness in the fight against
financial corruption - but when such world summits end and donor countries renew
their financial promises, everything comes to an end and nobody even raises
question about fighting financial and administrative corruption... Therefore,
leaders of the national unity government must not miss the opportunity and
should adopt a definite strategy on tackling financial and administrative
corruption and should avoid seasonal steps".
[http://8am.af/1395/03/09/monsoon-anti-corruption-movement/]

Source: Quotes package from BBC Monitoring in Dari and Pashto 29 May 16

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

Roundup of Afghan press commentaries 26 May - 1 Jun 16

LENGTH: 1575 words


The following is a summary of Afghan press commentaries available to BBC
Monitoring between 26 May and 1 June 2016.

Killing of TALIBAN LEADER Mullah Mansour

Following the killing of Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour by a US drone strike in
Pakistan on 21 May, the Taliban appointed Mullah Hibatullah Akhundzada as their
new leader.

The private Daily Afghanistan suggests the appointment of Akhundzada was aimed
at avoiding any further internal splits:

"The appointment of Mullah Hibatullah prompts various questions... As far as the
appointment of the new Taliban leader is concerned, it seems that the group was
influenced more by thoughts about maintaining their solidarity and internal
unity than issues related to war and peace and that was the most important
reason for appointing him as the new Taliban leader." (28 May)

The private Mandegar thinks the Taliban will be no more likely to seek peace
under their new leader than they were under his predecessor:

"The killing of Mullah Mansour and the appointment of Mullah Hibatullah showed
that the Taliban will repeat the experience in the revelation of the death of
Mullah Omar [which they acknowledged only two years after he died] and do not
officially recognize any strategy except war. The Presidential Palace has also
adopted a tough stance on Pakistan's policies and the new Taliban leadership and
this shows that the quadrilateral meetings have been completely rejected and the
road to making peace with the Taliban continues to remain closed." (28 May)

The independent Hasht-e Sobh says the killing of Mullah Mansour shows that NATO
forces have the military capability to hit Taliban leaders in Pakistan territory
if they exercise the required political determination:

"The killing of Mullah Akhtar Mansour... proved that NATO and America have the
necessary military capability to target the Taliban leaders on Pakistani
territory but they need the required political determination to use that
military capability."

The paper also sees Pakistan dropping its earlier claim to be able to bring the
Taliban to the negotiating table:

"Before the killing of Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the Pakistanis were promising the
world confidently that they would bring Taliban representatives to the
negotiating table... However, Sartaj Aziz, a senior adviser to [Pakistani prime
minister] Nawaz Sharif has said that Pakistan has no influence on the Taliban
now. It is clear that Pakistan hosts the Taliban and considers them their
natural ally. It is understood from Sartaj Aziz's remarks that Pakistan will no
longer promise to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table."(28 May)

Arman-e Melli, which is close to the National Union of Journalists of
Afghanistan, sees the killing of Mullah Mansour as an opportunity for the Afghan
government to convince the world to make Pakistan stop supporting terrorists:

"Pakistan finally acknowledged that a US drone attack had killed Taliban Leader
Mullah Akhtar Mansour on their territory... Over the past few days, the
Pakistani spy agency [ISI] has made great efforts to ensure that whoever
replaced Mullah Akhtar Mansour would continue the war in Afghanistan and repair
the military morale of the Taliban, which had been seriously damaged. The
international community now admits that Pakistan is the centre for terrorists
and that the [Pakistani] military equips, funds and organizes terrorists...We
believe that after this international scandal for Pakistan, an opportunity has
arisen for the Afghan government to convince other countries... to put pressure
on the Pakistani government to desist from supporting terrorists and pave the
way for a regional peace." (28 May)

The anti-government Sarnawesht rejects the idea that the killing of the Taliban
leader indicates that the USA is prepared to put more pressure on Pakistan:

"Following the killing of Mullah Mansour, the US authorities are saying that the
USA will increase its pressure on Pakistan... But will the USA's stance on
Pakistan really change? Will the USA take action against armed opponents for the
sake of security in Afghanistan? There are two views on Afghan peace and the
USA's behaviour towards Pakistan. First, the USA wants security in Afghanistan
and it therefore exerts a certain amount of pressure on Pakistan but no more.
Second, the fighting in Afghanistan serves the interests of the USA and that
country plans to prolong the fighting in Afghanistan. Therefore, it does not
show serious reaction to Pakistan, rather it assists Pakistan... Now, it is even
said that the attack on Mullah Mansour was not because he was leading the fight
in Afghanistan or because he was opposing peace talks but because he had crossed
some red lines and some of his activities had threatened US interests... Time
will prove that the US will not target Taliban leaders, nor will it take any
step which would lead to security and stability in Afghanistan. Consequently,
the claim that the USA's stance on Pakistan has changed or that it is
contributing to security in Afghanistan is not true". (29 May)

The state-run Anis says Mullah Akhundzada will be no more able to act
independently than his predecessor and that progress in Afghan peace talks
depends on Pakistan's attitude:

"The Afghan high peace council has said that the sixth round of the
Quadrilateral Coordination Group meeting on Afghan peace will be held either in
Turkmenistan or Qatar... Qatar's and Turkmenistan's readiness to host the Afghan
peace process came after the death of Mullah Mansour and the appointment of
Mullah Hibatullah Akhundzada by the Taliban and their supporters as his
successor... Analysts believe that the Taliban are not basically independent to
make decisions themselves. Therefore, the change in leadership cannot bring any
change in its actions. On this basis, the quadrilateral meetings, irrespective
of where they are held in the world, will not bring about fundamental changes
unless Pakistan brings changes in its policy towards Afghan peace. Thus, the
Afghan government must take steps to put pressure on Pakistan through the world
community so that Pakistan desists from supporting opponents of the government,
especially the Taliban." (29 May)

New anti-corruption body

An announcement by the Afghan government that it will soon set up an anti-
corruption body to deal with cases of administrative corruption has largely been
met with scepticism by the Afghan papers, some of which say previous promises to
tackle corruption have not been followed by effective action.

Mandegar questions whether the political will exists to fight corruption:

"This week, President Ghani once again repeated previous statements promising to
start a serious fight against corruption. To this end, the Attorney-General's
Office has said that it will soon set up an anti-corruption body. If this centre
is formed, it will be one of several such centres which have been formed for
similar purposes in the past 15 years, particularly in the last two years , none
of which they have been effective in the process of fighting administrative
corruption in the country... To be clear, administrative corruption cannot be
curbed by words. Therefore, there must first be the political will to fight
corruption. Secondly, parallel institutions for fighting corruption should be
removed one after another and honest individuals must be appointed to tackle
this phenomenon." (30 May

The Daily Afghanistan says people will believe the government's words only when
they see them followed by deeds:

"Administrative corruption is considered one of the main challenges facing the
Afghan political system. Administrative corruption today is tied up with
terrorism and drugs and thus it has created challenges. That is why the Afghan
attorney-general has said from the very beginning that he will set up a judicial
body to fight corruption decisively and seriously. The Attorney-General's Office
earlier also announced a jihad against corruption but gradually it failed.
Similarly, at the beginning of the national unity government, the president took
serious measures to tackle corruption. That was welcomed by the people but they
were not put into effect. Nowadays, the slogan of fighting corruption has no
effect on public opinion unless people actually witness progress and effective
measures on this." (30 May

Hasht-e Sobh accuses the government of making promises whenever an international
summit on corruption in Afghanistan is imminent but of subsequently failing to
keep them:

"President Ashraf Ghani has said the fight against financial and administrative
corruption will start next week... People do not expect the government's actions
on fighting financial and administrative corruption to be seasonal. The national
unity government pledged new measures to tackle financial and administrative
corruption in the past too but later it seemed that those actions were only
seasonal. Whenever an international summit on Afghanistan is coming up, Kabul
tries to show it is active in the fight against financial corruption but when
such world summits end and donor countries renew their financial promises,
everything comes to an end and nobody even raises a question about fighting
financial and administrative corruption... The leaders of the national unity
government must not miss any opportunity but should adopt a definite strategy on
tackling financial and administrative corruption and should avoid seasonal
measures". (29 May)

Source: As listed

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 12, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Drug corruption: As American as Capone

BYLINE: Joshua Wolf Shenk

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 849 words


Under normal circumstances, all federal prosecutors would want
of Terry Adams would be his conviction. But on Christmas Eve 1993,
a lawyer for Adams, a notorious crack dealer in New Orleans' lower
Ninth Ward, approached the U.S. attorney with an unusual offer:
Adams wanted to play good guy and help build a criminal case against
two veteran city cops.

Earlier that day, Patrolman Sammie Williams and his partner had
stopped Adams and demanded a $ 10,000 payoff. Tired of the pair's
relentless demands for cash, and not wanting to spend Christmas
behind bars, Adams decided to go to the authorities. "It was
a perverted code of conduct," says Mike McMahon, a government
attorney who worked on the case. "It was, 'If they bust me righteous,
that's fine. But they're not supposed to shake me down.' "


In a sting that unfolded over the next 10 months, a police employee
and 10 officers, with ranks as high as sergeant, were convicted
of protecting a drug smuggling and distribution ring. This operation
had to be cut short when one of the officers involved ordered
a murder.

Between 1992 and 1996, about 200 officers were dismissed or reprimanded
as the department tried to rid itself of drug corruption.

New Orleans may be an extreme case, but few cities have escaped
the ignominy of serious corruption. Over the past decade, more
than 20 cops in Chicago have been charged. In New York City, a
single precinct turned up dozens of corrupt cops and, in 1995,
564 sting operations targeted more than 1,200 officers.

The stain of corruption stretches through Detroit, Miami, Los
Angeles, Washington, Philadelphia and countless more towns, small
and large. In states near the Mexican border, at least 46 federal,
state and local law officers have been indicted on drug charges
in the past three years alone.

A remarkable increase in federal convictions of corrupt public
officials -- from 44 in 1970 to 1,067 in 1988 -- corresponded
with the modern "war on drugs." And those numbers surely don't
tell the whole story.

"Corruption, of course, is a secret activity," says Mark Thornton,
author of The Economics of Prohibition. "Very few cases
are brought to light. Most people actually get away."

But now, no federal agency compiles numbers on drug-corruption
cases (after 1988 the Justice Department inexplicably stopped
keeping the overall numbers), an oversight that is indicative
of a larger attitude. President Clinton spent last week, among
other things, berating Mexico for the infestation of its law enforcement.
But what he won't acknowledge is that drug corruption is a fact
of life in this country, too.

Of course, Mexico is an extreme case. With the former president's
brother and the top anti-drug official just two of many fallen
officials, its problem borders on the comic. But U.S. politicians
and newspapers would give you the impression that corruption can
grow only on foreign soil. Even stories about U.S. problems carry
that slant. "Corruption . . . has become a corrosive byproduct
of the vast river of cocaine, marijuana and heroin that pours
into the United States" from Mexico, The New York Times recently
reported.

Corruption doesn't "pour into" the country. It is as American
as Al Capone. At each step in the illegal drug market, from Peru
to Colombia to Mexico to the U.S., criminals have obscene amounts
of cash with which to prey on poorly paid law officers, many of
whom are dispirited by a war they can't win.

"I don't think the public is aware of how widespread corruption
is," says Pat Murphy, a former New York City police commissioner.
When dealers offer thousands in cash for a single favor, he says,
they are bound to find takers -- and they do.

Blaming foreigners for domestic drug problems is convenient but
self-destructive. While scapegoating Colombia and Mexico, we ignore
the real root of the problem: domestic drug use. Stopping drugs
at their source or as they cross the border has proved futile.
Arresting dealers and users also has been a dead end. Despite
tripling the number of inmates since 1980, the country's addict
population, which is responsible for most of the drugs consumed,
hasn't budged. There were about 3 million addicts when Ronald
Reagan came into office, and there are about 3 million now, according
to the Office of National Drug Control Policy.

Minimizing drug use and finding ways to reduce the harm from the
drug use we can't stop are crucial to restoring the sense of order
that Americans want so badly. But President Clinton, Congress
and nearly every elected official in the country cling to drug
policies so discredited as to be pathetic.

The second Clinton administration offers only more of the same
-- prisons, police and preaching -- while scrimping on anything
that threatens the status quo, such as research and novel treatment
methods. The country has the right, and the urgent responsibility,
to demand better.

Joshua Wolf Shenk is an associate editor of U.S. News and
World Report.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Stephen Jaffe, AFP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             December 24, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CALIFANO CALLED LIKELY CHOICE TO HEAD PANEL ON CORRUPTION

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 402 words


Joseph A. Califano Jr., former Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, is
the likely candidate to head a new commission being set up by Governor Cuomo to
investigate unethical conduct by public officials, according to people familiar
with the Governor's thinking.

Mr. Califano, a lawyer who served in the Administration of President Jimmy
Carter, did not return a half-dozen telephone messages left yesterday at his
Washington office.

State officials said a formal announcement setting up the commission, which
would be statewide and have subpoena power, was likely by the end of the week.

Brooklyn District Attorney Elizabeth Holtzman yesterday endorsed proposals
before Mr. Cuomo for an independent commission to investigate government
corruption in New York, but asserted that it should focus exclusively on New
York City.

''A single commission should not be created to examine both state and city
corruption,'' Ms. Holtzman said in testimony before the State Senate Committee
on Investigations.

''While corruption in New York State government ought not be exempted from
investigation,'' she added, ''to combine the city scandals with statewide
problems would be a Herculean task that would dilute the inquiry's focus and
make it impossible to complete the work for years.''

A new investigative commission, she said, should have the power to subpoena
witnesses, and its members should not include anyone currently serving in state
or city government.

Sharp Partisan Debate

Ms. Holtzman's testimony put her at odds with the Governor, who has said that
any new ethics commission should consider corruption on a statewide basis. She
became the first prominent Democrat to publicly break ranks with the Governor on
what has become an issue of sharp partisan debate.

The State Senate Republican leader, Warren M. Anderson of Binghamton, last week
strongly opposed the Governor's position, calling it a device for ''deliberately
obfuscating'' the problem of corruption in city government, which is dominated
by Democrats.

In her testimony before the Senate panel, Ms. Holtzman also took issue with the
suggestion made by Governor Cuomo and others that the public has remained
generally apathetic about revelations of corruption and unethical conduct in New
York City government. ''My experience suggests that the public is outraged at
the corruption uncovered so far,'' Ms. Holtzman said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 14, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

KOCH, IN TALK AT LAW SCHOOL, CRITICIZES NEWS COVERAGE OF CORRUPTION SCANDAL

BYLINE: By JOYCE PURNICK

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 695 words


The question from the law student to Mayor Koch was brief and polite: If he knew
back when he was in law school what he knows now, would he have gone into
politics?

The answer was a 14-minute mayoral monologue that was sometimes angry and
emotional and that had less to do with the student's question than with the
corruption scandal that has dominated the Mayor's third term.

Talking to the roomful of New York Law School students at an otherwise routine
appearance yesterday morning, Mr. Koch went further than ever before in
criticizing news organizations for the way they have handled the corruption
story.

He blamed the organizations for tarnishing the reputations of some people who
left his administration. He also complained about some questions on a New York
Times/WCBS-TV News Poll. One moment he said, ''I want to make something very
clear, I accept the poll as valid.'' The next he took issue with questions that
''bothered'' him.

Denies Corruption Statement

The poll results, made public yesterday, showed that while New Yorkers still
consider the Mayor to be very honest, more than half of those questioned did not
believe his contention that he had been unaware of serious corruption in his
administration. The Mayor said he never made such a claim.

''I never said that, you can never find a statement on my part where I ever said
anything like that,'' Mr. Koch told the law students, his voice rising. ''What I
have always said is that there is corruption in government - always.''

He acknowledged later at a City Hall news conference that he has repeatedly said
that there was no ''systemic'' or ''pervasive'' corruption in his
administration, and that he knew nothing of the purported corruption in the
city's Parking Violations Bureau.

On Feb. 24, Mr. Koch said, ''I am embarrassed, I am chagrined, I am absolutely
mortified that this kind of corruption could have existed and that I did not
know of it.''

Yesterday, he drew a distinction between ''serious'' corruption and ''systemic''
or ''pervasive'' corruption, saying they were not the same.

Koch Critical of Question

At the law school, the Mayor also took issue with the poll question on whether
he was ''very honest.'' Of those questioned, 66 percent said yes and 11 percent
volunteered ''somewhat.'' The figures combined are 77 percent ''and that ain't
bad,'' said Mr. Koch.

But he was critical of the question anyway.

''You're either honest, or you're not honest,'' the Mayor told the students.
Later, at the news conference, Mr. Koch, reiterated his point. ''You're either
honest, or you are not honest,'' he repeated, shouting and pounding on his
lectern for emphasis.

The Mayor spoke in more restrained tones in Prof. David Schoenbrod's class on
state and local government law and covered more subjects during the classroom
visit.

In answer to the question about politics from Nick Wasicsko, a 26-year-old law
student and a new Councilman in Yonkers, the Mayor traced his political
successes going back almost 20 years.

He noted that he won his three mayoral elections with increasing margins that he
cited, figure-for-figure, including the 78 percent of the vote he received from
the 38 percent of those eligible New Yorkers who voted in November. ''That's
wonderful. And what does it mean?'' Mr. Koch said. ''It means that people like
what I'm doing.''

He defended his record, saying, ''I believe this government overwhelmingly has
been and will continue to be a terrific government.''

The Mayor voiced notable unhappiness with the handling of some news stories.
Some newspapers, he said, ran the pictures recently of about 20 city officials
who had resigned since his re-election, only one of whom has been indicted.
''Now is it fair to these people to have their picture in a rogues' gallery when
it's next to the picture of a guy who is a felon?'' he asked. ''I don't think
it's fair.''

The Mayor also dealt with other issues in the classroom, everything from nuclear
weaponry to Federal requirements. Many students said they enjoyed the 45-minutes
session. But Mr. Wasicsko did voice a reservation. The Mayor, he said, ''didn't
answer my question.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Mayor Koch (NYT/John Sotomayor)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           September 10, 2012 Monday

The Nation: Mayor of N.J. capital arrested in corruption probe

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 696 words


TRENTON, N.J.

Mayor arrested in corruption probe

Federal agents arrested the mayor of New Jersey's capital early Monday as part
of a corruption investigation, alleging he agreed to accept bribes in connection
with a proposed parking garage   actually a fake project created by authorities
trying to capture him.

Trenton Mayor Tony Mack, his brother Ralphiel and convicted sex offender Joseph
Giorgianni, a Mack supporter who owns a Trenton sandwich shop, were accused of
conspiring to obstruct, delay and affect interstate commerce by extortion under
color of official right.

SHANKSVILLE, PA.

Panetta lauds Flight 93 passengers, crew

Defense Secretary Leon Panetta says the Flight 93 National Memorial in western
Pennsylvania "is the final resting place of American patriots."

Panetta visited the memorial Monday for the first time, paying his respects to
the 40 passengers and crew members who died during the terrorist attacks on
Sept. 11, 2001.

He walked down to the wooded area where the plane crashed and met with relatives
of people who were on the plane.

United Flight 93 was traveling from Newark, N.J., to San Francisco when it was
hijacked by four terrorists. The 9/11 Commission said the terrorists likely
wanted to crash the plane into the White House or the U.S. Capitol, but the jet
went down in a field near Shanksville, Pa., after passengers fought back.

NEW YORK

Agreement reached on 9/11 museum completion

An agreement that paves the way for the completion of the Sept. 11 museum at
ground zero has been reached a day before the 11th anniversary of the terror
attacks.

The agreement between the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and the
foundation that controls the National September 11 Memorial & Museum was
announced Monday. The Port Authority owns the World Trade Center site.

The museum was supposed to open this month, but construction all but ceased a
year ago because of a funding squabble between the foundation and the Port
Authority.

The underground museum is to house such artifacts as the staircase workers used
to escape the attacks.

CARROLLTON, TEXAS

Police: Teen slain to prevent testimony

A Texas man has been charged with murder in the death of a 16-year-old girl who
police said they believe was killed to keep her from testifying at the man's
upcoming sexual assault trial.

Police in the Dallas suburb of Carrollton say Franklin B. Davis, 30, of Irving
was charged with capital murder Sunday after confessing to the death of Shania
Gray. Gray's body was found Saturday in a secluded area near the Trinity River.

Carrollton police spokesman Jon Stovall told The Associated Press in an email
that police believe Davis killed Gray because she was about to testify against
him.

SAVANNAH, GA.

Judge: Navy can train near rare whales

The Navy can build a $100 million offshore range for submarine warfare training,
despite environmentalists' fears that war games would threaten endangered right
whales, a federal judge ruled.

U.S. District Judge Lisa Godbey Wood ruled the Navy took a "hard look" before
concluding risks to the rare whales would be minimal at the proposed training
site 50 miles off the coast of south Georgia and north Florida.

Environmentalists sued to block the project in 2010, saying it was too close to
the waters where right whales gave birth to their calves each winter.

The groups that sued said Monday they're weighing an appeal. Experts say only
about 400 right whales remain, and each death brings the species a significant
step closer to extinction.

WASHINGTON

New focus sought on suicide prevention

The Obama administration is urging a new focus on preventing suicides,
especially among military veterans   and is beefing up the nation's crisis
hotline to help.

U.S. health officials said nearly 100 people every day commit suicide, and many
more attempt it. The military has seen an alarming increase in suicides this
year.

The federal government announced Monday it will boost staff by 50 percent at the
national hotline   1-800-273-TALK   that's open to military and civilians alike.
It provided $55.6 million for state and local programs, and highlighted Facebook
features that link distressed users to counselors.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              April 5, 2009 Sunday
                                   L2 Edition

The cost of corruption? Substantial

BYLINE: By Joseph Ryan Politics and Projects Editor jryan@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 768 words


For many taxpayers, the charges against former Gov. Rod Blagojevich reinforce
the belief that Illinois residents have been paying taxes to a corrupt
government for years -- spending their hard-earned money on patronage hires,
wasteful contracts and inefficient bureaucracies.

Prosecutors say Blagojevich ran the state for six years with an intense focus on
profiting from taxpayer-funded contracts, state pension investments and selling
his power to the highest bidder.

Blagojevich, who was ousted from office in January, insists he is innocent and
will be vindicated.

His reign was preceded by that of former Gov. George Ryan, now in prison after
being convicted of corruption in his tenure both as governor and secretary of
state.

Illinois has a long history of corruption that goes far beyond the governor's
mansion, with scores of public officials, including congressmen, city aldermen
and judges, as well as business owners doing work for the government, convicted
of corruption since 1970.

Experts say the actual dollar cost to taxpayers from all this influence peddling
and contract padding is hard to pinpoint, but it's clear the cost is high.

"When you have had systemic corruption the way that we have had, the costs are
substantial," says Kent Redfield, interim director of the University of Illinois
at Springfield's Institute for Legislative Studies.

And citizens should know this is their money that's being wasted, said David
Hoffman, Chicago's inspector general

and an Illinois Reform Commission member pushing campaign contribution limits.

"People should feel this is very much their money," he said.

Certainly, many voters and taxpayers do.

"It is us, the taxpayers, that are the ones that have to pay for all this," says
Shawn Killackey, a 43-year-old author from Mundelein. "It makes me angry as a
taxpayer especially now with a recession going on."

Consider:

* When Blagojevich insiders are accused of extorting cash from pension
investors, that raises the possibility that the best company was not chosen and
taxpayers might have to cover any lost cash.

* When construction work is steered to a specific contractor who donates big to
politicians, the contractor could potentially pad the bill and do shoddy work.

* When insiders pick appointees to crucial state departments and boards by
funneling cash to politicians, then those appointees can be pressured into
corrupt schemes.

* Patronage hires may well not even have to work for their paychecks, forcing
taxpayers to foot the bill for more employees to get the job done.

* A reputation for corruption chases away honest companies and employees.

* Corruption can pervert the state's mandate to protect and help residents like
it did when employees with the Secretary of State's office under Ryan were
selling driver's licenses for bribes, which were then used for campaign
donations.

* Taxpayers fund the years of tedious investigation, hours of legal preparation
and months of trial as well as the prison time for the convicted.

Redfield says it is nearly impossible to come to a definitive figure on how much
taxpayers fork over for their elected leaders to effectively steal.

But some have tried.

Dick Simpson, a political professor at the University of Illinois in Chicago,
has calculated the "corruption tax" as about $300 million a year in the Chicago
area.

For comparison, a 1 percentage point sales tax increase in Cook County brings in
about $380 million a year.

Simpson's February report, "Curing Corruption in Illinois," concludes, "And so
it goes -- in a time of deep recession we are wasting taxpayer money and raising
taxes and fees on citizens who can ill afford to pay for corruption any longer."

The Illinois Reform Commission has gathered testimony from some experts who peg
the "corruption tax" at more than 5 percent of every public contract.

That would easily equate to hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions, a
year, says commission chair Patrick Collins, a former federal prosecutor who
helped put Ryan in prison.

Hoffman estimates there is about $10 billion alone worth of state contracts that
are subject to political manipulation that ultimately could mean higher costs
and worse service.

"We are not getting better deals," Hoffman told the Daily Herald editorial board
recently, "and it is much more wasteful."

Redfield, meanwhile, also points out the true cost goes beyond cash to public
policy and social services.

"There is no doubt we have gotten less -- less out of social services and less
out of almost everything we can think of," he said. "We are in much worse shape
than we should be in terms of solving public problems."

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday

Corbett forms Public Corruption Unit

BYLINE: Brad Bumsted

LENGTH: 556 words


HARRISBURG -- Braced for an explosion of gambling-related corruption with slot
machines coming to Pennsylvania, Attorney General Tom Corbett announced Tuesday
the formation of a Public Corruption Unit to handle prosecutions of state,
county and municipal officials.

Corbett said he is "putting a spotlight on investigating and prosecuting public
corruption cases at a crucial time in our state's history when slot machines and
casino gambling is about to become reality."

The Legislature in 2004 authorized as many as 61,000 slot machines at 14 venues
across the state, including horse racing tracks, stand-alone casinos and two
resort hotels. Slot machines at some tracks might be operating by late summer or
fall and other casinos might be open in 2007.

Under the slots law, Pennsylvania's top law-enforcement officer doesn't have
"original jurisdiction" in gambling cases. That power falls to county district
attorneys. The state attorney general still can prosecute gambling cases under
other statutes, such as bribery, or in cases involving state officials, or when
asked by district attorneys. Corbett wants the General Assembly to amend the
slots law to provide clear authority for his office.

Corbett said he wasn't disparaging the gambling industry, but added, "I want our
people prepared for this."

Seven experienced prosecutors who already handle public corruption cases are
assigned to the new unit. Sending all public corruption cases to these lawyers
will improve efficiency and effectiveness by allowing the prosecutors to
"connect the dots" between various cases or facts, Corbett said.

The unit will handle election-law violations, conflict-of-interest charges and
corruption cases against local law-enforcement officials.

Two assistants in Corbett's Pittsburgh office are part of the team: Deputy
Attorney General Margaret Cassidy, who is prosecuting former Erie Mayor Rick
Filippi and two colleagues for gambling-related corruption charges; and Senior
Deputy Attorney General Anthony J. Krastek, who won a jury conviction in
December against former state Rep. Jeffrey Habay, R-Shaler, on a
conflict-of-interest charge.

Corbett said allegations that House Democratic Whip Mike Veon offered a
potential challenger a job through an intermediary would not necessarily
constitute a crime. But Corbett said "because Representative Veon is a state
official we would have jurisdiction."

Jay Paisley, the Democratic primary challenger to Veon, D-Beaver Falls, claimed
Veon asked Beaver County Commission Chairman Dan Donatella to offer Paisley a
job and future political support if Paisley would drop out, according to a
report Sunday in the Beaver County Times.

Paisley said the job offer was vague but did include a "$35,000 to $40,000"
income figure. Donatella initially denied meeting with Veon, but the newspaper
quoted a waitress as saying Veon, Donatella and Paisley sat together at the Red
Onion Grille in Chippewa.

Veon has not responded to Paisley's allegations, and he was unavailable for
comment. Donatella denied any job offer.

"The mere offer of a job is not a criminal offense. The offer of a job -- and
you don't run against me -- I don't know if that falls under the bribery
statute," Corbett said. It would depend on the details, he said.

"I just heard about it today," Corbett said. "Let me take a look."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 23, 2006 Thursday

FBI unveils corruption tip line

LENGTH: 120 words


On the day that the indictments of three Davis County School District employees
were announced, federal agents also unveiled a special toll-free tip line where
the public can report suspected corruption by public officials.

"Currently, there are more than 2,000 public corruption investigations pending"
nationwide, FBI Special Agent in Charge Tim Fuhrman said.

The FBI's Public Corruption Tip Line, 1-866-50-BRIBE (2-7423), will be made
available for residents in Utah, Idaho and Montana who believe public employees
or public officials may be involved in corruption. Tips can also be reported via
the FBI Salt Lake City Field Office Web site (go to www.fbi.gov and click on the
link to the Salt Lake City Field Office).

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 1, 2004 Monday

SOCIAL STUDIES;
A DAILY MISCELLANY OF INFORMATION BY MICHAEL KESTERTON

SECTION: FACTS & ARGUMENTS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 683 words


Least corrupt

Transparency International compiles a Corruption Perceptions Index, based on a
series of polls made by independent organizations. Of 146 countries surveyed for
this year's report, corruption appeared to be rampant in 60 nations. The
countries rated least corrupt were Finland, New Zealand, Denmark, Iceland,
Singapore, Sweden and Switzerland. The United States ranked 17th, better than
France but worse than Canada.

Source: The (Memphis, Tenn.) Commercial Appeal

World o' penmanship

"I don't want to get into America-bashing," says Kate Gladstone of Albany, N.Y.,
a penmanship coach and director of the World Handwriting Contest. "But when I
look at handwriting of people from Australia or [Britain], the average little
kid is writing much more legibly or attractively than someone the same age or a
little older in the U.S.A. This is something I'd like to see corrected." Some
notes:

During a recent holiday season, a New York forger reportedly signed the name
"Abraham Lincoln" - using an illegible scrawl - on all his bad cheques.

In September, 2003, two robbers in Mishawaka, Ind., handed the clerk at a
7-Eleven store a handwritten note. She told them she could just about make out
the phrase "put it in the bag." The men began to argue. One told the other how
stupid he was, commenting specifically on his poor penmanship. They left with
nothing.

Walt Disney had trouble reproducing his famous signature in the style in which
his artists had drawn it. People often thought his genuine autograph was a fake.

Ms. Gladstone of Albany recalls deciphering a teacher's note that had baffled a
mother and child. Finally translated, it said: "Needs work on handwriting."

Doctors actually write as well as most other people, according to the Institute
for Safe Medical Practices. That means, its newsletter says, that "handwriting
has always been, and will remain, a problem." The institute has estimated that
every year 7,000 people die as a result of medication errors.

What does good handwriting look like? This year's top entries in the World
Handwriting Contest are displayed at www.global2000.net/handwritingrepair/WHAC.

World o' Bigfoot

There are believed to be about 10,000 Bigfoot enthusiasts in Canada and the
United States, reports The Dallas Morning News. Last month saw the fourth annual
Texas Bigfoot Conference. The organizer, Craig Woolheater, said there are more
than 100 sightings a year in his state and he considers 75 of them "legitimate."
Tales of such creatures in Texas go back to the Alamo, and include the Wild
Woman of the Navidad, The Lake Worth Monster, the Night Screamer, Night Ape, the
Woolly Booger, Big Cypress Swamp Monster and the Caddo Critter.

Geek recruitment

Even as its payroll balloons, Google Inc. remains picky about whom it hires,
reports The Associated Press. Here are some of the 21 questions on its aptitude
test for prospective programmers:

How many different ways can you colour an icosahedron with one of three colours
on each face?

On an infinite, two-dimensional rectangular lattice of one-ohm resistors, what
is the resistance between two nodes that are a knight's move away?

Write a haiku describing possible methods for predicting search traffic
seasonality.

Together at last?

David Jay, 22, has never had sex. He has never experienced sexual attraction
toward another person and does not believe it will ever happen, reports New
Scientist magazine. "There are many others who have similar stories to tell. . .
. But now, thanks in great part to an on-line forum founded by Jay, they are
finding each other and identifying themselves with a common label. They call
themselves asexual, and are coming out to parents and loved ones. . . . They are
printing T-shirts and pamphlets, and discussing the concept of 'A-pride' and
what it means to be 'A-sexy.' "

Thought du jour

"I do not dislike extreme vivacity in children, but would see enough of it to
make an animated character, when the violence of animal spirits shall subside in
time. It is easier to restrain excess than to quicken stupidity." - Lydia
Sigourney, 1791-1865

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              April 6, 2009 Monday
                                   M1 Edition

The cost of corruption? Substantial

BYLINE: By Joe Ryan Politics and Projects Editor jryan@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 791 words


Editor's note: Due to a production error, this story did not run in full in some
Sunday, April 5 editions. The complete story appears below.

For many taxpayers, the charges against former Gov. Rod Blagojevich reinforce
the belief that Illinois residents have been paying taxes to a corrupt
government for years -- spending their hard-earned money on patronage hires,
wasteful contracts and inefficient bureaucracies.

Prosecutors say Blagojevich ran the state for six years with an intense focus on
profiting from taxpayer-funded contracts, state pension investments and selling
his power to the highest bidder.

Blagojevich, who was ousted from office in January, insists he is innocent and
will be vindicated.

His reign was preceded by that of former Gov. George Ryan, now in prison after
being convicted of corruption in his tenure both as governor and secretary of
state.

Illinois has a long history of corruption that goes far beyond the governor's
mansion, with scores of public officials, including congressmen, city aldermen
and judges, as well as business owners doing work for the government, convicted
of corruption since 1970.

Experts say the actual dollar cost to taxpayers from all this influence peddling
and contract padding is hard to pinpoint, but it's clear the cost is high.

"When you have had systemic corruption the way that we have had, the costs are
substantial," says Kent Redfield, interim director of the University of Illinois
at Springfield's Institute for Legislative Studies.

And citizens should know this is their money that's being wasted, said David
Hoffman, Chicago's inspector general and an Illinois Reform Commission member
pushing campaign contribution limits.

"People should feel this is very much their money," he said.

Certainly, many voters and taxpayers do.

"It is us, the taxpayers, that are the ones that have to pay for all this," says
Shawn Killackey, a 43-year-old author from Mundelein. "It makes me angry as a
taxpayer especially now with a recession going on."

Consider:

* When Blagojevich insiders are accused of extorting cash from pension
investors, that raises the possibility that the best company was not chosen and
taxpayers might have to cover any lost cash.

* When construction work is steered to a specific contractor who donates big to
politicians, the contractor could potentially pad the bill and do shoddy work.

* When insiders pick appointees to crucial state departments and boards by
funneling cash to politicians, then those appointees can be pressured into
corrupt schemes.

* Patronage hires may well not even have to work for their paychecks, forcing
taxpayers to foot the bill for more employees to get the job done.

* A reputation for corruption chases away honest companies and employees.

* Corruption can pervert the state's mandate to protect and help residents like
it did when employees with the Secretary of State's office under Ryan were
selling driver's licenses for bribes, which were then used for campaign
donations.

* Taxpayers fund the years of tedious investigation, hours of legal preparation
and months of trial as well as the prison time for the convicted.

Redfield says it is nearly impossible to come to a definitive figure on how much
taxpayers fork over for their elected leaders to effectively steal.

But some have tried.

Dick Simpson, a political professor at the University of Illinois in Chicago,
has calculated the "corruption tax" as about $300 million a year in the Chicago
area.

For comparison, a 1 percentage point sales tax increase in Cook County brings in
about $380 million a year.

Simpson's February report, "Curing Corruption in Illinois," concludes, "And so
it goes -- in a time of deep recession we are wasting taxpayer money and raising
taxes and fees on citizens who can ill afford to pay for corruption any longer."

The Illinois Reform Commission has gathered testimony from some experts who peg
the "corruption tax" at more than 5 percent of every public contract.

That would easily equate to hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions, a
year, says commission chair Patrick Collins, a former federal prosecutor who
helped put Ryan in prison.

Hoffman estimates there is about $10 billion alone worth of state contracts that
are subject to political manipulation that ultimately could mean higher costs
and worse service.

"We are not getting better deals," Hoffman told the Daily Herald editorial board
recently, "and it is much more wasteful."

Redfield, meanwhile, also points out the true cost goes beyond cash to public
policy and social services.

"There is no doubt we have gotten less -- less out of social services and less
out of almost everything we can think of," he said. "We are in much worse shape
than we should be in terms of solving public problems."

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

EDITORIAL: A ranking we don't need for our state

BYLINE: The Sentinel, Carlisle, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 348 words


Dec. 27--Pennsylvania comes off quite poorly -- make that an outright
embarrassment -- in a recent study of "legal" and "illegal" corruption in the
executive, judicial and legislative branches of government among the states of
the Union.

Depressing? You bet.

Researchers for the report by Harvard University's Edmond J. Safra Center for
Ethics, released earlier this month, interviewed reporters nationwide. The study
broke down corruption this way:

--Illegal -- private gains in the form of cash or gifts by a government official
in exchange for providing specific benefits to individuals or groups.

--Legal -- political gains through campaign contributions or endorsements by a
government official in exchange for specific benefits to individuals or groups,
whether by explicit or implicit understanding.

Rated for illegal corruption in the executive branch, the Keystone State
registered between "slightly common" and "moderately common," earning that
designation along with Mississippi, Oklahoma and Wisconsin. For legal corruption
we came up "moderately common."

When it came to illegal corruption in the judiciary, we earned a "slightly
common" rating but that rose to "moderately common" when shifted to legal
corruption.

The most mortifying markers are reserved for the Legislature. Surprised?

We get well-deserved demerits along with classic bad actors such as Arizona,
Illinois, Florida and New York for having "moderately common" illegal corruption
. The rating for legal corruption pushes us farther down the list, alas, right
to the cusp of the "extremely common" category,

Given such ratings, the Safra Center's summary continues the embarrassment by
attempting to split the difference between "most corrupt" and "least corrupt" of
the states rated. That Pennsylvania falls squarely in the first category should
prove no surprise.

But if a government is but a mirror reflection of the people it represents, as
voters we have a lot of work to do.

___ (c)2014 The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) Visit The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) at
www.cumberlink.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141227-JV-EDITORIAL-A-ranking-we-don-t-need-for-our-state-1227-20141227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JV


                          Copyright 2014 The Sentinel

                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Anna wave: Walk Against Corruption in US

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Aug. 23 -- Thousands of Indian-Americans living in the New York area
have gathered at Madison Avenue for the annual India Day parade to commemorate
the 65th independence day of their homeland, and used the occasion to extend
their support to activist Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement. The 31st
'India Day Parade', organised by the Federation of Indian Associations, saw
Bollywood stars and politicians rub shoulders with the Indian population living
in the tri-state area of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut as Madison avenue
was flooded in shades of the Indian tricolour.

Actress Rani Mukherjee was the grand marshall for the parade, which is touted as
the biggest Indian parade in the US. Noted classical singer Pandit Jasraj, actor
Gulshan Grover and singer Shibani Kashyap were also present at the parade that
ran for 10 blocks in the heart of New York city.

Supporters of Hazare's Lokpal Bill also turned out in large numbers for the
'Walk Against Corruption'.

Wearing the 'Anna cap', the supporters waived banners and placards and shouted
slogans of 'Remove corruption, save India', 'Enact strong Lokpall Bill', 'We
want Jan Lokpal', 'We are with you Anna Hazare' and 'India is with you, the
world is with you Anna.'

Vamsi Veeramachaneni of the 'India Against Corruption' organisation said that
Indians living abroad are "frustrated" to see the growing level of corruption in
India.

"All the Indians have gathered here to support Anna Hazare as he represents the
future of a corrupt free country. We want to see a corruption-free India.

We have had independence for over 60 years and we are yet to tackle corruption,
which continues to be the biggest problem in the country," he said.

Guyana President Bharrat Jagdeo, who is of Indian descent, was the guest of
honour at the parade.

Mukherjee will also ring the opening bell at the NASDAQ stock exchange on today.
Last year actress Preity Zinta had rung the bell at the exchange in Times Square
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 12, 2011 Saturday

USA: Schuette Creates Public Integrity Unit To Ramp Up Fight Against Public
Corruption

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: LANSING


LANSING, Feb. 12 -- The State Of Michigan has issued following press release:

Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette today announced that he has created a
new Public Integrity Unit in the Attorney General's office to ratchet up the
fight against corruption in state and local government, protect tax dollars and
restore the public's trust in government.

"Corruption scandals have damaged the public's trust in government and left
Michigan with a national reputation as a place where businesses wonder who they
have to pay off before creating a job," said Schuette. "Today, we are turning up
the heat on corruption in Michigan. There will be no more Kwames."

Schuette noted that current Detroit Mayor Dave Bing has done a solid job
restoring public trust. However, the ongoing fallout from the Detroit corruption
scandals and other issues statewide have damaged Michigan's reputation as a
place to create jobs. Furthermore, as residents struggle to maintain employment
in Michigan's poor economy, it is vital to ensure their hard-earned tax dollars
are not being lost to corruption.

Acknowledging Michigan's tough budget situation, Schuette said the unit is being
created without additional spending by reallocating existing resources in the
Attorney General's office. The Public Integrity Unit will allow the office to
put an increased focus on public corruption cases currently handled by the
office's Criminal Division, a priority Schuette identified upon taking office
last month.

Schuette expects the unit to work closely with local, state and federal law
enforcement to uncover and prosecute crimes at all levels of state and local
government.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

A veteran Philadelphia corruption-buster says the current wave of investigations
is a good sign

BYLINE: By Chris Mondics; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 808 words


A Pennsylvania Supreme Court justice is on trial on charges of violating
campaign-finance law, a city councilwoman has admitted using campaign funds to
repay a personal loan, and nine past and present judges of Philadelphia Traffic
Court have been indicted in a federal ticket-fixing probe.

This might be a good thing.

Far from signaling the imminent political demise of state and municipal
government, former city and federal prosecutor Walter M. Phillips Jr. said the
blizzard of corruption investigations is a sign of progress.

Decades ago, many prosecutors and judges would not come near corruption cases
for fear of offending political handlers. Now, he said, federal and some local
authorities are eager to lower the boom.

"It started in the 1970s and has continued," said Phillips, 74, a white-collar
defense lawyer and litigator at the Center City firm of Obermayer Rebmann
Maxwell & Hippel.

He was among a vanguard of prosecutors in the mid-1960s who began making public-
corruption cases after decades of inaction. Phillips started his career in the
Philadelphia District Attorney's Office under Arlen Specter, an ambitious young
corruption-fighter himself who would go on to a career in the U.S. Senate.

Phillips moved on to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan, which long has
attracted some of the nation's best and most ambitious lawyers. It was there
that he rubbed shoulders with, among others, the young Rudy Giuliani and Richard
Ben-Veniste, the Muhlenberg College and Columbia Law School graduate who went on
to serve as a prominent Watergate prosecutor and as a member of the commission
investigating the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.

Phillips said the head of that office, legendary prosecutor Robert Morgenthau,
blazed a trail, cracking down on public corruption and complex white-collar
fraud cases. For a time, he was one of the few. But it was not long before other
federal prosecutors followed his lead, and soon corruption cases were being made
in Chicago, Philadelphia, New Jersey, and elsewhere.

In 1974, Phillips left the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan to take a job as
special prosecutor for police corruption in Philadelphia - a position
established following a finding by the Pennsylvania Crime Commission of rampant
police corruption in the city.

Phillips confronted a disparate cast of political and judicial figures.

Some were sympathetic and assisted wherever they could, he said, but many in the
city's political and judicial establishment, fearing that the self-enriching
ways of doing business were about to end, threw up roadblocks.

On one notable occasion, Phillips said, Supreme Court Justice Robert N.C. Nix
Jr. took the highly unusual step of blocking a search-warrant execution.
Phillips said he suspected the reason was to protect a political ally.

"There was no valid reason," he said. "It may have reflected a sort of attitude
at the time that you can enjoin someone who is trying to get to the bottom of
corruption."

For much of his time as special prosecutor, Phillips had former State Sen. Henry
J. "Buddy" Cianfrani on his radar. Cianfrani, who went on to serve five years in
Allenwood federal prison for racketeering, bribery, and obstruction of justice
after he was nailed, succeeded in persuading the state attorney general to fire
Phillips for leaking stories to the press.

Then he cut off the investigators' budget.

At the time, Cianfrani boasted about Phillips, "If he can't get me, what kind of
investigator is he?"

But Phillips, who dubbed Cianfrani the "Big Cannelloni," got the last laugh. He
forwarded the results of his work to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Philadelphia,
which used it as the basis for its own investigation - and Cianfrani's eventual
conviction.

These days, Phillips gives the city's Board of Ethics high marks for its
investigation of Councilwoman Blondell Reynolds Brown, who admitted using
campaign funds to repay a personal loan and in other instances depositing
campaign funds directly into her personal bank account.

Back in the 1970s, Phillips and his team investigated ticket-fixing as well, and
many of the same themes emerged then as now. The problem with the court, he
said, is the practice of electing judges, which blurs the line between politics
and the law.

And it's a line that blurs up through the state's highest court.

Suspended state Supreme Court Justice Joan Orie Melvin is on trial in
Pittsburgh, charged with violating campaign-finance laws. She, like the Traffic
Court judges, denies involvement in any wrongdoing.

"Fixing tickets in Philadelphia has been a way of life," Phillips said. "You
have a system of elected judges who get picked by the party, and it is only the
candidates at the lowest level who end up being candidates for the [traffic]
court."

Contact Chris Mondics at 215-854-5957 or cmondics@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            December 16, 2012 Sunday

Experts to deliberate on political economy

BYLINE: Yashaswini S N

SECTION: MYSORE

LENGTH: 390 words


MYSORE: City-based MYRA School of Business will bring together renowned
economists, political scientists and policy makers during a two-day workshop on
'Governance and political economy' scheduled from December 17.

The delegates will discuss issues like political accountability, effective
governance and corruption at the workshop. "In recent years, corruption has
become a major issue around the world. By bringing together experts and scholars
of various disciplines from the world's leading institutions, critical issues
related to governance and corruption can be examined from various perspectives,"
said Shalini Urs of MYRA school.

Pranab Bardhan, an economics professor from the University of California,
Berkeley, will speak on 'Corruption in India: When preaching piety is not
enough'. This will be followed by a series of talks covering 'caste politics,
corruption and distribution in India: The effect of voter preferences on policy
outcomes in Uttar Pradesh' by Delhi School of Economics prof Rohini Somanathan;
'dynamic commercial lobbying' by Columbia University prof Thomas Groll; and
'culture of corruption, tax evasion and optimal tax policy' by Joint Vienna
Institute prof Maksym Ivanyna.

"We are thrilled to provide a platform for international academicians to share
groundbreaking research and deliberate together. This event has been in the
making for over a year. It is exciting to have world's greatest thinkers here
together in Mysore to help shape public policy in India and other emerging
countries," said Amrita Dhillon, a faculty member at MYRA.

The papers and presentations from 'Governance and political economy', edited by
World Bank's chief economist Kaushik Basu, will be published in a special issue
of the public economic theory journal.

University of Warwick and MYRA School of Business will host the workshop in
association with the department of economics of University of Warwick (UK) and
Association for Public Economic Theory.

The participants include scholars from institutions like UoC Berkeley, Cornell
University, Paris School of Economics, Michigan State University, Max Planck
Institute of Economics, University of Cambridge, Columbia University,
IIM-Bangalore, University of Frankfurt, Arizona State University, Indian School
of Business and New York University.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

Political corruption in Illinois: 8 facts

BYLINE: Caitlin Wilson, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 802 words


June 05--Illinois' reputation for corruption makes a good punch-line, but it
comes at a cost in real dollars.

A new report from the University of Illinois at Chicago Department of Political
Science looks at the rates of federal public corruption convictions in Illinois
and Chicago and compares them to similar convictions in other states.

As the report points out, Chicago and Illinois are often mocked as being
notoriously rife with public corruption. But just because our pain can provide a
good punchline for a joke doesn't mean we should be proud of the consequences of
such wide-spread corruption.

From the report:

For more than a century and a half Chicago and Illinois have been notorious for
public corruption. Year after year, national and international news media
delightfully recount every new case of bribery, fraud, stealing from taxpayers,
ghost payrollers and illegal patronage. Our shameful reputation has continued to
provide fodder for scores of comedians and late night talk show hosts.

But corruption is not funny and it is not free. Its costs are steep. We all pay
a staggeringly high corruption tax and we suffer from diminished government
services. In addition, we are handicapped by a poorly functioning democracy
because a large number of our citizens -- with good reason -- have lost faith in
the honesty and fairness of government.

Here are 8 particularly interesting facts and comparisons from the UIC report
about Illinois and Chicago corruption and the way they affect Illinoisans:

1. The federal Judicial District for Northern Illinois reports more public
corruption convictions than any of the country's 92 other judicial districts,
followed by the Central District of California and the Southern District of New
York.

2. The judicial district had 45 convictions in 2013 and 1,642 since 1976, for an
average of 52.2 convictions per year.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/fed-
corruption-table-1-418x500.jpg

3. Statewide, Illinois has the third-most public corruption convictions for
2013, after New York and California.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/fed-
corruptions-2-368x500.jpg

4. Illinois has the seventh-highest per-capita convictions of all states in the
country.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/fed-
corruption-3-386x500.jpg

5. There are an average of 15.4 federal public corruption convictions per
100,000 people every year in Illinois.

6. Illinois corruption costs taxpayers about $500 million per year in damages,
lost productivity, prosecution and it inflates the cost of all state contracts
by about 5 percent.

7. Hefty non-monetary costs, such as car accidents caused by faulty Secretary of
State operations, the deterrence of companies to settle in the state and the
loss of trust of Illinoisans in their government, increase the negative effects
of corruption in Illinois.

8. Corruption in Chicago could contribute to the city's high murder rates
because citizens have lost faith in their government and don't put as much stock
into following laws and cooperating with police.

The authors of the report acknowledge that the poor rankings of Illinois and the
effects of corruption can make it seem like cleaning up government in the state
is a lost cause. And it will be a hard job, they say. But they outline eight
steps to consider when formulating an anti-corruption culture in Illinois
government going forward:

1) Demand more transparency and accountability;

2) Hire more inspectors general, including suburban inspectors general;

3) Provide a new program of civic education in schools by passing the law
pending in the state legislature;

4) Encourage more citizen participation in government and politics by moving the
date of the primary;

5) Adopt public financing for political campaigns;

6) Elect better public officials;

7) Change how we remap legislative districts and adopt term limits for elected
officials; and

8) End political machines and change Illinois' culture of corruption."

Fill out my online form.

Caitlin Wilson is a staff writer for Reboot Illinois. She graduated from Loyola
University Chicago, where she studied journalism and political science. Caitlin
has become both endeared to and frustrated with her adopted home state and wants
to bring Illinoisans the information they need to actively participate in the
politics that directly affect them. You can find Reboot on Facebook here and on
Twitter at @rebootillinois.

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2015 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150605-2IL-Political-corruption-in-Illinois-8-facts-0605-20150605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2015

                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 23, 2014 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

FBI INVESTIGATIONS;
FBI director: Agents probe Mo. shooting

BYLINE: Rhonda Cook; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 379 words



HIGHLIGHT: In Atlanta, chief mum on public corruption cases in region.


The head of the FBI said investigators are pushing hard to find out what
happened when Michael Brown was shot and killed in Ferguson, Mo., two weeks ago,
but how long it will take is unknown.

In Atlanta to meet with agents as well as local and state law enforcement
officers, FBI Director James Comey touched on several topics when he spoke with
reporters: racial tensions in Missouri, terrorism and public corruption.

Comey declined to discuss pending public corruption investigations ongoing in
Atlanta, including one that involves DeKalb County. An FBI agent testifying in a
government corruption trial in South Carolina said agents in Atlanta had a
similar investigation into DeKalb County government ongoing.

He said federal investigations were "secret" for a reason, so the reputations of
innocent people won't be hurt and so the criminals won't know they are being
watched.

He also revealed little about the progress of the investigation into the fatal
shooting of an unarmed 18-year-old in Ferguson, Mo., on Aug. 9.

Comey said dozens of agents had been dispatched to the suburb outside of St.
Louis to try to find out what actually happened when Ferguson police officer
Darren Wilson fatally shot Brown.

"We care passionately about hearing all the facts," Comey said.

He said there was no way to predict when the federal investigation would be
completed and it would be up to the U.S. Department of Justice how much they
will release about the FBI's findings and how they will proceed.

"The Justice Department is committed to making sure it's (the investigation)
done the right way," Comey said.

Terrorism is a top concern for the agency, he also said. It has become even more
of a threat as recruits from Western countries have joined in the fight with
al-Qaida.

"We have seen a gathering of thousands of terrorists, thousands of whom are from
the West --- western Europe, North American, throughout an area that is easily
accessible to the United States," Comey said. "Their going there is very
worrisome because in going, they make the worst kind of relationships, they get
the worst kind of training. What's worse is the prospect of their coming back
... with that training and those relationships and that awful motivation. It's
something I worry about all day, every day."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             July 19, 2012 Thursday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Corruption study is out of the Loop Academics mistake Springfield for real
Illinois capital: Chicago.

BYLINE: Pat Gauen o pgauen@post-dispatch.com, 314-340-8154

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 700 words

DATELINE: 0


Somebody was bound to conduct a study.

Illinois, which has tried to keep a low profile by having no more than one
ex-governor in prison at a time, finds itself with two. Inevitably, such a thing
attracts the attention of academic types determined to find out why.

Now - about four months after ex-Gov. Rod Blagojevich checked into a federal
prison in Colorado and 11 1/2 months before ex-Gov. George Ryan is due to check
out of one in Indiana - an answer already has arrived. Or at least has been
proposed.

The problem, it seems, may be that the state capital is in Springfield while
most of the people live around Chicago.

That's what two professors concluded, anyway, after drawing a correlation
between public corruption and the distance between the seat of government and
the bulk of population.

Huh?

If I get their gist, the researchers decided that elected officials exhibit a
frailty in common with a lot of other humans: the farther they travel from home,
the more they get into trouble.

The study's corruption conclusion, by the way, was not limited to Illinois. The
authors cited Albany, N.Y., as another example, Baton Rouge, La., and even
Pierre, S.D.

In a so-called "isolated capital city," they suggest, constituents pay less
attention and the news reporters are less aggressive about politics.

Rarely have I encountered a scholarly conclusion that was more at odds with my
common sense.

I mean no offense to the authors, Filipe Campante of Harvard's John F. Kennedy
School of Government and Quoc-Anh Do of Singapore Management University. But
that's Harvard, as in Massachusetts, and Singapore, as in Asia. Just as salesmen
complained in song about Professor Harold Hill in "The Music Man," they don't
know the territory.

Now, I don't know the territory either, in New York, Louisiana or South Dakoka.
But I have some familiarity with Illinois.

Let's begin with the shaky premise that Springfield is, in fact, the state
capital.

Oh, I know that's what the maps say. And there is a tall building with a rotunda
in the middle of town. But if you're actually trying to find the people making
things happen, the state's Thompson Center on Randolph Street in the Chicago
Loop is a more likely place. Everybody who's anybody in Illinois government has
an office in Chicago, too, and a reason to be there whenever they can.

That's because within the Chicago TV market are the homes of the governor,
attorney general, secretary of state, comptroller, treasurer, House speaker,
Senate president and minority leaders of both chambers.

Think back to when Blagojevich's legal troubles put him on TV almost constantly.
Remember the videos of him outside his house in Chicago? Did you ever see one of
him outside the Executive Mansion in Springfield? Of course not. He didn't live
there.

Two months ago, a report by WCIA-TV, in Champaign, said that Gov. Pat Quinn's
official schedule put him in Springfield only 68 days and 40 nights for a whole
year beginning in March 2011. Surprised? You shouldn't be.

Springfield is where the General Assembly meets and where a lot of the
bureaucrats work. But in the reality of Illinois politics, it shares de facto
capital status with Chicago.

That brings me to news coverage. Chicago reporters, many of whom I've known
personally, prefer their state and local politicians roasted. If you haven't
read the papers or watched the TV there, you'd have a hard time imagining how
aggressively government stories are reported there.

Politics is a hardball game in the Windy City, covered with the same verve as
anything that happens at Wrigley Field or Comiskey Park. Many Chicagoans grow up
thinking of governance as another major sport to watch. No kidding.

Does the study matter? Illinois seems rather unlikely to move its official
capital to Chicago, or its population base to Springfield.

Then I thought of Blagojevich, whose audacity in trying to sell the powers of
office was matched only by his lack of remorse (at least until sentencing, when
contrition matters). Perhaps he could make an "isolated capital" defense in an
appeal, as in: "I could have resisted temptation if only the Statehouse I seldom
visited in Springfield were closer to Chicago, where I already lived."

Maybe not.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 7, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

CORRUPTION IN UNIFORM: THE MAYOR;
Giuliani Says Drive on Petty Crime Is Worth Risk of Graft

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 3;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 514 words


As the commission that investigated police corruption began distributing its
report, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani was announcing his plan to have the police
crack down on quality-of- life offenses, and acknowledging that it could pose
new temptations for street officers.

The Mayor avoided any direct response to the commission report, which will be
officially released today. But he said he had been mindful of the sort of
corruption problems that a generation ago lead the police department to keep its
patrol officers away from the temptations that might follow crackdowns on drugs
and vice.

The Mayor's plan will involve many of those officers in fighting crimes that
hurt neighborhoods, like street prostitution and open drug sales.

But the Mayor said he felt the potential for corruption under the
quality-of-life initiative would be offset by improved internal safeguards and
better training of officers.

Under the new strategy, which the Mayor announced yesterday at Police
Headquarters, the commanders of the city's 75 precincts will be given increased
powers and resources to crack down on offenses like aggressive panhandling,
boom-box cars, graffiti vandalism, illegal dumping, reckless bicycling, street
prostitution, under-age drinking, and unlicensed peddling.

'You Can't Be Afraid'

In the 1970's, the department turned over enforcement of small-scale crimes to
specialized units after it found that precinct-level officers were often tempted
to accept bribes from low-level drug dealers or prostitutes.

But the Mayor said the benefits of the new program would outweigh the risks.

"You can't be afraid to the extent you're going to stop police officers from
acting like police officers, because you're afraid of corruption," Mr. Giuliani
said.

Another change that followed the corruption scandals of the 1970's was to take
officers off foot patrol and put more in radio cars responding to 911 calls,
said Police Commissioner William J. Bratton.

These changes not only failed to stop corruption, Mr. Giuliani said, but
contributed to the deterioration of the quality of life in the city.

'We Had Corruption Anyway'

"There's a sort of real irony in all of this," the Mayor said. "The police
department made a decision to withdraw, in essence, from the streets to a
certain extent in order to remove the risk or the temptation of corruption. And
now you've been reading about, and what you're going to read about tomorrow, is
that we had corruption anyway."

"What that should say to intelligent people is we had the worst of both worlds,"
Mr. Giuliani said. "We had a strategy that was removing police and creating
unsafe conditions for the children and the people of this city and at the same
time it really wasn't an effective anti-corruption strategy."

Since the latest corruption scandals, Mr. Giuliani said, former Commissioner
Raymond W. Kelly and Commissioner Bratton had strengthened the internal affairs
apparatus, which would offset the dangers inherent in the new strategies calling
for more aggressive policing at every level.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Police corruption has been a plague as old as the badges the
force's officers wear. The shields of two officers placed under arrest in April
were confiscated by Police Commissioner William J. Bratton. (Dith Pran/The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Massachusetts Briefs

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 415 words


FBI seeks help identifying corruption

BOSTON (AP) -- The FBI is asking the public's help in identifying government
corruption in Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire and Rhode Island. Special
Agent Vincent Lisi, who runs the agency's Boston field office, which covers
those four states, announced Monday that his office will launch a dedicated,
toll free tip line: 1-844-NoBribe (662-7423). It will also launch a billboard ad
campaign called "stop corruption now." Online tips can be submitted at
tips.fbi.gov . Lisi said one area of growing concern is the expansion of casino
gambling in the region, which he said might lead to an increase in public
corruption and financial and organized crime.

Bay State health-care deadline later

BOSTON (AP) -- Massachusetts residents seeking health insurance beginning Jan. 1
have a little more time to sign up through the state's health connector. State
officials on Monday sought to clear up confusion about the enrollment deadline,
which is Monday for people in many other states but not until Dec. 23 in
Massachusetts. The reason is that unlike states where residents use the federal
website, Healtcare.gov , to enroll in plans that comply with the Affordable Care
Act, Massachusetts operates a state-based insurance and has a later deadline.
The connector said more than 180,000 people have determined eligibility for
ACA-compliant plans since the state launched its revamped website on Nov. 15. As
of last Thursday, however, only a small percentage of those who determined
eligibility have made their first payment toward coverage on Jan. 1.

Court OKs dismissal of foster-care suit

BOSTON (AP) -- Attorney General Martha Coakley is applauding a federal appeals
court ruling on a lawsuit that became a major issue during her recent
unsuccessful campaign for governor. The 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on
Monday upheld a lower court decision to dismiss the lawsuit brought by
Children's Rights, a New York-based child welfare-organization, accusing
Massachusetts of violating the constitutional rights of foster children. Coakley
argued that the plaintiffs advocated a one-size-fits-all approach that wasn't
right for the state. Republican Gov.-elect Charlie Baker said during the
campaign that Coakley should have worked with the group to fix the problems at
the Department of Children and Families instead of litigating the case.

An outside political action committee supporting Baker referenced the case in an
attack ad it ran against the Democrat.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 19, 2012 Monday

Study: Statehouses at high risk for corruption

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 637 words


ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) - State governments lack transparency and
accountability to citizens, and remain at high risk for corruption, according to
a new study of all 50 statehouses.

Not a single state received an A in the State Integrity Investigation ranking, a
product of the Center for Public Integrity, Public Radio International and
Global Integrity.

Nineteen states got grades of C, and 18 got a D. Eight states got an "F": :
North Dakota, Michigan, South Carolina, Maine, Virginia, Wyoming, South Dakota
and Georgia.

"It's telling that no state received an overall grade of A," said Caitlin
Ginley, a staff writer for the Center for Public Integrity and a project manager
of the study. "One of the major findings was that even when ethics laws are
passed, they are difficult to enforce and lack meaningful consequences for
violators."

Reporters in each state researched 330 corruption risk indicators across 14
government categories, including access to information, campaign finance,
executive accountability, legislative accountability, judicial accountability,
budgeting, civil service management, procurement, internal auditing, lobbying
disclosure, pension fund management, ethics enforcement, insurance commissions
and redistricting.

Only five states got rankings of B, led by a surprising recipient: New Jersey.
It got a B-plus, with an overall score of 87 out of a possible 100.

Despite - or perhaps because of - recent corruption scandals, New Jersey got the
top ranking because of steps it took to combat corruption, including tough
ethics and anti-corruption laws it adopted in response.

New Jersey has a colorful tradition of corruption in government, including a
U.S. congressman taking a bribe from an FBI agent posing as a wealthy Arab sheik
and a Jersey shore councilman caught on tape bragging to an undercover officer
that he would never get caught because "I could smell a cop a mile away."

and a decade-long string of 150 state and local officials who were either
convicted or pleaded guilty to federal corruption charges. The cases ranged from
Motor Vehicle Commission employees selling fraudulent licenses to politicians
peddling their influence for kickbacks.

Cases stemming from the 2009 roundup of 44 people in what was dubbed by the feds
as "Operation Bid-Rig" are still working their way through the courts.

But that history of corruption also led to strong reforms designed to prevent it
in the future. Among them was a law prohibiting campaign contributions by most
firms doing business with the state.

"It's nice to be recognized for being ahead of the curve," said Michael
Drewniak, a spokesman for Gov. Chris Christie, a former U.S. attorney who
prosecuted many of the recent cases. "The governor is proud of the changes he's
made and the resources he's made available to the public in terms of government
transparency. Government operates and behaves better when it's open and
transparent, and taxpayers feel informed and a part of the process when they can
see how their money is spent, who is getting contracts and who's on the payroll
and such."

The report found that states with well-known scandals or histories of corruption
often have the toughest laws and enforcement that bring them to light.
Conversely, the report found, so-called "quiet" states may be at higher risk for
corruption, with fewer means to bring corrupt practices to light.

Rounding out the top five states were: Connecticut (B, 86), Washington state
(B-minus, 83), California (B-minus, 81) and Nebraska (B-minus, 80).

Individual reports for all 50 states can be found at
http://www.stateintegrity.org. The site, along with a companion page on
Facebook, allows readers to send copies of their state report cards to elected
officials, to report potential problems, and suggest solutions.

---

Online:

http://www.stateintegrity.org

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    FEBRUARY 22, 2004 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

Cracking down on corruption in Phila.;
The FBI is pursuing at least four inquiries involving the
city, a trend seen in other states, including New Jersey.

BYLINE: Emilie Lounsberry INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1136 words


Even before the discovery of an FBI bug in Mayor Street's office exposed a
wide-ranging corruption probe in Philadelphia, federal investigators were
pursuing at least three other inquiries involving the city.

They were looking into possible fixed parking tickets, investigating contraband
smuggled into city prisons, and exploring legal work given by the pension board
to a politically active law firm.

And now they've started asking questions about the actions of one of the city's
most powerful politicians.

Longtime legal experts can't recall a time in the city's recent history when the
FBI was this immersed in Philadelphia government.

"It's almost as if they've started a full-court press," said Temple University
law professor Charles H. Rogovin, an expert on federal criminal law. "They're
all over the place."

Criminal lawyers throughout the city say they are struck by the sheer manpower
necessary to conduct so many investigations. "Pretty soon, there's going to be
no one in politics in Philadelphia who is not an open file at Sixth and Market,"
said one city official, referring to the federal courthouse.

Philadelphia has a long history of corruption cases, whether it's investigating
small-time graft or big-time extortion.

Abscam influence-peddling. Envelopes filled with cash for city judges, courtesy
of the Roofers Union. A councilman who conspired with the mob to shake down a
developer. Every year or so, there's another round of federal indictments.

Just last week, a new corruption indictment: Three current or former city
corrections officers were charged with extorting cash from inmates in return for
smuggling cigarettes, marijuana and cell phones into the Philadelphia prison
system. That investigation is continuing.

The federal scrutiny comes amid a similar offensive in New Jersey, where more
than two dozen Republican and Democratic political figures have been indicted or
convicted in U.S. District Court over the last two years.

Nationally, federal public-corruption investigations are under way in Maryland,
Florida, Indiana, Nevada, Illinois, Louisiana, Connecticut and California.

In Illinois, former Gov. George Ryan is awaiting trial on racketeering charges
after a six-year investigation that led to 59 convictions. In Connecticut, three
mayors have been sent to prison, and Gov. John G. Rowland is under
investigation.

Philadelphia, meanwhile, has been embroiled in the inquiry that became public
with the bug discovery on Oct. 7. Federal investigators have subpoenaed hundreds
of thousands of pages of documents, conducted raids in city offices, and
summoned witnesses before two federal grand juries. To date, no one has been
charged.

Even before the discovery of the bug, federal investigators were looking into
other corners of city government.

At the city's Bureau of Administrative Adjudication, where parking tickets are
appealed, the FBI is investigating a former manager and whether well-connected
people paid to have parking tickets eliminated on appeal.

In another inquiry, FBI agents fanned out across the city on a cold Tuesday in
January 2003 to serve grand-jury subpoenas to up to two dozen current and former
officials of the city Board of Pensions and Retirement.

The subpoenas called for witnesses to turn over records of communications with
City Controller Jonathan Saidel, a former Rendell finance director, and others
regarding the pension board's plan to hire a law firm that was a top Democratic
donor.

It was unclear whether that inquiry is still active. Saidel's lawyer has said
that Saidel did nothing wrong and has cooperated with federal investigators.

And last month, the FBI began asking questions about State Sen. Vincent J. Fumo
involving a deal between the senator and Verizon Communications that would have
diverted phone-company money to an economic-development fund controlled by
legislative leaders.

Fumo has "never been afraid to stand up to utilities to try to get them to fund
important projects in our community," said Fumo spokesman Ken Snyder. "He's done
nothing wrong and makes no apologies."

Former City Solicitor Nelson A. Diaz, in a radio interview on WHYY-FM (90.9)
last month, said the bug investigation was only one of several probes.

"There are at least five different federal probes going on in the city . . . at
this moment," Diaz said. Diaz also mentioned an investigation of Philadelphia
International Airport that apparently is separate from the City Hall probe,
which also involves the airport. Diaz did not return several phone calls seeking
further details.

Legal experts say public-corruption investigations have long been a priority of
the Justice Department but have been overshadowed by high-profile campaigns to
prosecute drug and weapons offenses, health-care fraud, and corporate crime.

White-collar defense lawyer Carmen Nasuti said federal authorities are now
clearly refocused on city government.

"Corruption is one of those things - it's like a wheel. It keeps coming around,"
said Nasuti, who works in Center City and has represented numerous defendants in
corruption cases.

Nasuti and other experts say such investigations are complex: persuading judges
to approve electronic surveillance, getting information from reluctant
witnesses, reviewing reams of documents, and figuring out whether there's enough
evidence for charges that will stand up in court.

"People shouldn't necessarily expect that a matter like this would resolve
itself very quickly," said Eric H. Holder Jr., a Justice Department official
during the Clinton administration.

A newly released report suggests that public corruption is a widespread problem
in many parts of the nation.

The study, released by Corporate Crime Reporter, a Washington-based newsletter,
ranked the 50 states by the number of corruption convictions from 1993 to 2002
per 100,000 residents in what it touted as the first-ever ranking of state
corruption.

Mississippi was declared the most corrupt state in the nation, and Nebraska the
least corrupt. How did Pennsylvania fare?

With 497 public-corruption convictions from 1993 to 2002, the state was ranked
14th. Across the river, New Jersey was ranked 16th, with 307 convictions during
that time.

Contact Emilie Lounsberry at 215-854-4828 or elounsberry@phillynews.com.

Report on public corruption

Corporate Crime Reporter, a Washington-based newsletter, ranked states by number
of corruption convictions from 1993 to 2002 per 100,000 residents.

Its top 20:

1. Mississippi

2. North Dakota

3. Louisiana

4. Alaska

5. Illinois

6. Montana

7. South Dakota

8. Kentucky

9. Florida

10. New York

11. Ohio

12. Hawaii

13. Delaware

14. Pennsylvania

15. Alabama

16. New Jersey

17. Idaho

18. Missouri

19. Tennessee

20. Rhode Island

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART;
Report on public corruption - Corporate Crime Reporter, a Washington-based
newsletter, ranked states by number of corruption convictions from 1993 to 2002
per 100,000 residents.

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            April 25, 2002 Thursday

Bad rules breed corruption

BYLINE: EDWARD LOTTERMAN Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 803 words


Minneapolis, dot grrreat zesspool tovard vitch all the filth of Minnesota
efentually flows.

I was around 10 years old when George, a recent immigrant and an elder in our
Dutch Reformed church, delivered that assessment of Minnesota's largest city.

I was struck by the phrase "great cesspool," though it lost some punch when in
subsequent years I heard George also apply it to New York, Washington, D.C.,
Grand Rapids, Mich., (home of the denomination's headquarters) and even Sioux
Falls, S.D.

But it came to mind when yet another Minneapolis city councilman was indicted on
corruption charges last week. Following the Brian Herron case by less than a
year, Joe Biernat's legal problems may cause people to wonder if something is
rotten in Denmark.

There's not. In fact, there's less corruption in U.S. local government now than
at virtually any time in our past. Our sister city may have two cases in close
succession, but compared to either of the Twin Cities in the 1930s, Minneapolis
is closer to a clean lake than a cesspool.

But these incidents raise the larger economic question of why corruption occurs
and what economic function it plays in a society. Economists have gone back and
forth on this question.

These days many see corruption as a serious impediment to economic growth and
would have some advice for Minneapolis city leaders: Get rid of obsolete
regulations that motivate favors and bribes.

The traditional view was of corruption as a cultural issue. Corruption was seen
as a symptom of moral or cultural inferiority, particularly when perceived as an
aspect of another group such as "those Irishmen in Tammany Hall" or "those crazy
Brazilians." Corruption was a manifestation of ineffective government, many
said, and an explanation for lousy public services, but had no economic function
in itself.

A few decades ago, some economists began to see corruption, especially petty
varieties, as more benign, even positive.

In developing countries with ineffective taxing systems, it's hard to pay
policemen and inspectors enough to live on. Tacitly letting them take minor
bribes helped make police employment more attractive and allowed poor countries
to have more cops on the beat.

Yes, rich motorists got shaken down for bribes once in a while, but a visible
police presence deterred more serious crimes against people and assured basic
public order.

Paying bribes to expedite business applications was not good, but when countries
had the excessively bloated and centralized public administrations common in
ex-French, Portuguese and Spanish colonies, it was economically more efficient
than for business investment and innovation to languish.

More recently, the pendulum has swung the other way. Nobel Laureate James
Buchanan and his colleague Gordon Tullock looked at "rent-seeking" activity.
That is, efforts to gain wealth from others by manipulating laws or regulations
rather than by producing anything that was valuable in itself.

Corruption and rent seeking feed off each other. In a culture where bribes are
common, lawmakers and bureaucrats create laws that are difficult to obey, thus
generating more opportunities to collect bribes.

A Peruvian engineer, Hernando de Soto, investigated the steps necessary to set
up a legal small business under his country's heavy regulation of commerce. He
found it took months, many people and hundreds of legal steps to comply.

Because of this, most small businesses in Peru and many other developing
countries are technically illegal. The owners were not able to jump through
legal hoops required to establish their enterprises legally.

The rent-seeking theoreticians and applied scholars like De Soto hold the
intellectual upper hand right now. And their insights prompt some advice to
government leaders everywhere. Get rid of regulations that serve little purpose,
but offer opportunities for favors or outright bribes.

Council member Biernat allegedly appointed someone to a city board that licenses
plumbers to work in Minneapolis. In exchange, he received some $2,500 worth of
free plumbing at a property he owns.

With state licensing of plumbers and a statewide plumbing code, why does
Minneapolis need a board to examine plumbers to determine their competency?

This board is a silly holdover from the guild system, and even when administered
without bribes, serves principally to restrict the supply and raise the cost of
plumbing in that city. The potential for favoritism and petty graft is inherent
in many municipal functions that are vital and necessary.

City governments shouldn't amplify this necessary danger by maintaining
additional superfluous bodies and functions that serve only as magnets for
corrupt activity.

Edward Lotterman can be reached at elotterman@pioneerpress.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 23, 2012 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Paging the FBI Our view o States with good ethics laws had big scandals first.
GOVERNMENT FOR SALE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 548 words

DATELINE: 0


New Jersey and Illinois would not exactly roll off the tongue when ticking off a
list of states where risks for public corruption are the lowest.

Yet that's precisely the case in a ranking of state government corruption laws
delivered this week by the Center for Public Integrity, a nonpartisan government
watchdog.

New Jersey ranked as the state with the best overall ethics laws. Illinois, home
of federal prison inmate No. 40892-424 (ex-Gov. Rod Blagojevich), came in a
surprising 10th. Missouri ranked 15th, earning a C- in the process.

How does a state known for sending its governors to prison finish in the top 10?

Part of the reason is that being in the Top 10 isn't all that great. Indeed, no
state got an A; there were more Fs than Bs. But the other reason is that
corruption breeds reform.

After a series of public corruption scandals, New Jersey lawmakers enacted laws
forcing them to clean up their act. Similarly, Mr. Blagojevich's problems
brought at least some level of campaign finance limits and other reforms to the
Land of Lincoln.

Missouri, on the other hand, still is the Show-Me-the-Money state, particularly
since the state Supreme Court bounced the 2010 ethics law that would have at
least limited the legal money-laundering that is a key part of financing state
campaigns in this state.

Missouri received an F in campaign finance in the study; it still is the only
state in the nation that allows both unlimited lobbyists gifts to lawmakers and
unlimited campaign donations. Missouri also flunked "public access to
information," as a result of weak and unenforced Sunshine Laws.

In short, there isn't much in state government that's illegal, and, even if it
is, it's tough for voters to find out about it. The F is well-deserved.

The same day the corruptibility report was issued, Missouri Democrats, led by
Rep. Tishaura Jones, D-St. Louis, filed new ethics legislation. The bill would
reinstate the 2010 law and rein in other abuses, such as the aforementioned lack
of limits on the corrupting influence of money in politics.

The Republicans who control the Legislature have indicated they are unlikely to
act on ethics reform this year. We understand why - they're living high on the
hog. But it's lousy politics at a time when the GOP has more to gain on the
issue than the Democrats.

Just last week, the Missouri Ethics Commission issued a $13,000 fine to a
sitting House Democrat, Leonard "Jonas" Hughes IV of Kansas City, for basically
using his campaign funds as a personal ATM machine. The ethics commission,
though, can only point to the problem. It can't remove Mr. Hughes from office or
charge him with a crime.

Without tougher ethics laws, the fine is meaningless.

Julie Allen, executive director of the ethics commission, has advocated for
tougher laws so her commission can do its job.

"Strong, enforceable ethics laws are important to the public," she told us.
"These laws give integrity to the process."

In their current form, Missouri's legislative ethics laws lack integrity, which
reflects poorly on everyone who works in the Capitol.

Lawmakers should do the right thing and pass strong ethics laws this year. Or
they could be like New Jersey, and wait for the FBI to shame them into action.

---

GOVERNMENT FOR SALE A series of editorials about money in politics

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             January 3, 2010 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Nixon tried it earlier

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 444 words


Regarding "Ripple effect: Blame Watergate for health bill mess:" According to
The Oklahoman, key "liberals" elected in the midst of Watergate are still around
and played a key role in current health care reforms. Without Watergate, the
editorial suggests, some of these undesirables would never have been elected and
perhaps the country would have been spared the "havoc" the newspaper believes
current health care reform stands for.

When was the last time this country was close to universal health care? The
answer is 1974. President Nixon proposed universal health care for all
Americans. Nixon proposed that those not able to afford or participate in
employer-based insurance would be eligible for a public plan with costs shared
by the federal and state government. Also, a minimum level of comprehensive
benefits would be mandated. Perhaps without Watergate, we would have had
universal health insurance 35 years ago - and a more "liberal" plan at that.

State Sen. Tom Adelson, Tulsa

Criminal corruption

"Senate crosses threshold with health bill vote-buys" (Our Views, Dec. 29)
didn't go far enough. What Harry Reid did to get this abomination of a bill
passed is nothing short of criminal corruption. Chicago's Richard Daley Sr., New
York's Boss Tweed and a raft of tin-pot dictators in the Middle East would be
proud. With this blatant corruption in our government, how does President Obama
have any credibility to tell Hamid Karzai to clean up corruption in the Afghan
government?

Regardless of where one stands on health care reform, any true American patriot
can only be ashamed of such corruption that shows how close America is to
becoming one of those tin-pot dictatorships through special interests, closed
door meetings and vote-buying corruption. I hope American voters are
stronger-willed than their elected servants and that they send many of them home
in the 2010 election. I won't hold my breath.

Richard A. Jones, Choctaw

Alive and well

Regarding "Intervention leads to contractors' prequalification" (news story,
Dec. 27): There was always hope that term limits would halt the "good ole boys"
politics that have reigned in Oklahoma for many years. But the triumph of hope
over experience died with the news that state Sens. Kenneth Corn, D-Poteau, and
Earl Garrison, D-Muskogee, exercised their "position" and intervened with the
state Transportation Department's jurisdiction over approved bidders. The
senators' recommendation on behalf of Glover & Associates, in spite of ODOT's
rejection of prequalifications, should alert Oklahomans that politics as usual
is alive and well in the Legislature. Old habits die hard.

Janie Sylvester, Edmond

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 8, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

CORRUPTION IN UNIFORM;
Ward Rejects Accusation That He Tolerated Graft

SECTION: Section B;  Page 2;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 265 words


Benjamin Ward, the New York City Police Commissioner from 1984 to 1989,
yesterday rejected the contention of the Mollen Commission that by his action --
or inaction -- he had "created an unmistakable policy to avoid corruption
scandals."

He said he had not refused to approve investigations that had been requested by
the state's special prosecutor for police corruption, as the commission charged
in a report it issued after a two-year investigation into corruption in the New
York Police Department.

"I had no authority to approve that," said Mr. Ward, who is now a member of the
Civilian Complaint Review Board, which looks into complaints against police
officers.

The Mollen Commission suggested that Mr. Ward had avoided vigorous action to
uncover corrupt officers because he was afraid such disclosures would damage the
department.

But Mr. Ward strenuously denied that. "I never told anybody I didn't want to
hear about corruption," Mr. Ward said. "To say that somehow or other I set a
tone, 'Don't tell me about corruption' -- I'd have to be crazy to do that."

Mr. Ward recalled that during the Mollen Commission hearings late last year,
Daniel F. Sullivan, the chief of the Inspectional Services Bureau from 1986 to
1992, who was also criticized in the commission's report, testified that Mr.
Ward had told him he would shoot him if he presented reports of major
corruption. "That's absolutely ridiculous," Mr. Ward said.

Mr. Ward said he had always been alert to corruption and had disciplined several
officers whose subordinates had become involved in misconduct.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Benjamin Ward has denied he slowed action on corruption while he
was commissioner. (The New York Times,1988)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 4, 2010 Saturday

Afghan observers sceptical of US honesty in fighting corruption

LENGTH: 503 words


Text of report by Afghan privately-owned Shamshad TV on 3 September

[Presenter] Analysts and MPs believe that the Afghan government cannot succeed
in the fight against administrative corruption alone, saying the government
itself is drowning in corruption and that it cannot curb corruption. These
remarks came after the US secretary of defence said that it was the Afghan
government's responsibility to fight corruption and it should take serious steps
in this regard.

Observers said that the recent remarks by US Secretary of Defence Robert Gates
show the US is pursuing double-standard policies towards Afghanistan. They added
that a number of Afghan and US officials had common interest and that they do
not want the fight against administrative corruption to be stepped up.

Observers said that the president was trying to launch a serious fight against
administrative corruption.

[MP Bedar Zazi, talking to camera] Karzai does not have a strong group. They
make a lot of efforts to eliminate administrative corruption, but both senior
and junior employees of the government are drowning in corruption. Therefore, I
would like to say that this problem needs time to be addressed. It cannot be
curbed easily.

[MP Malalay Shenwari, talking to camera] The USA has made different remarks in
almost one month. When [Senator] John Kerry came here, he said that they would
fight administrative corruption jointly, but today, they retreat and say that it
is Afghanistan's internal issue. Unfortunately, when Afghans are drowning in
fire, it is described as an internal issue, but when their interest comes under
threat, it will turn into an international issue.

[Correspondent] They said that when Afghanistan faced another challenge like
corruption, the USA described it as an internal issue. Ahmad Sayedi, expert on
political affairs, said that President Karzai had not taken serious steps in the
fight against administrative corruption. Therefore, the USA has to follow
double-standard policies towards Afghanistan.

[Ahmad Sayedi, captioned as expert on political affairs, talking to camera]
Karzai is not decisive in the fight against administrative corruption. It means
he does not take action decisively. When he is not decisive and does not take
action decisively, the result will be opposite. Therefore, the Americans have to
follow double-standard policies in Afghanistan. On the one hand, they say that
you are Afghanistan's president and you can give instructions on fighting
corruption, and on the other hand, they say that it is a problem and he is not
responsible for this. This is politics.

[Correspondent] These remarks come at a time when the US secretary of defence
said late yesterday [2 September] that it was the Afghan government's
responsibility to fight administrative corruption and it should take serious
steps in this regard.

[Video shows observers talking to camera, archive footage of White House, Karzai
and Gates speaking at a joint press conference]

Source: Shamshad TV, Kabul, in Pashto 1430 gmt 3 Sep 10

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday
                             Politifact.com Edition

FLORIDA DEMOCRATS LINK STATE'S NO. 1 CORRUPTION RANKING WITH GOV. RICK SCOTT

BYLINE: KATIE SANDERS

SECTION: POLITIFACT: FLORIDA

LENGTH: 804 words


A study ranked Florida "No. 1 in government corruption" under Gov. Rick Scott.

Florida Democratic Party on Sunday, June 16th, 2013 in a Web video

* * *

THE RULING: FALSE

Florida Democrats play up the significance of "one" in a Web video designed to
get members fired up about taking on Republican Gov. Rick Scott in 2014.

A segment riffs off a clip of Scott saying, "Florida won't stop until we're No.
1."

The words "Um, right" appear on the screen, followed by a newspaper headline
typed over Scott: "Study ranks Florida No. 1 in government corruption."

"No. 1 in government corruption," the text states. "Yep, Rick Scott, you're #1
alright."

Florida Republicans were not amused with the video for many reasons, taking
particular issue with the corruption claim. (For the record, the clip of Scott
was not of him talking about trying to make Florida No. 1 in government
corruption.)

We decided to check it out. Is it fair for Democrats to link Scott with the
report on corrupt government officials?

At issue is a study released by Integrity Florida, a nonprofit watchdog group,
in June 2012.

From 2000 to 2010, the study found Florida led all states in total convictions
of officials and staff who broke federal public corruption laws. Florida had 781
convictions, followed by more populous states California, Texas and New York.

During that time, for example, four Palm Beach County commissioners and two West
Palm Beach commissioners pled guilty to corruption charges over several years,
leading to it being derided as "Corruption County."

Without getting into more of the nitty gritty of the report, we'll note it
included a disclaimer key to our fact-check on page 2: "The public corruption
conviction data included in this report is from a time period prior to Gov. Rick
Scott taking office."

Integrity Florida included the line to discourage people from doing essentially
what the Democrats did: misconstruing a correlation between the decade of
corruption cases and Scott, who had been in office a year and a half when the
report was released.

"We were concerned about that kind of interpretation," Integrity Florida
executive director Dan Krassner told us.

The Florida Democratic Party stands by its video. Spokesman Joshua Karp directed
us to a story by the Tampa Bay Times/Miami Herald about Scott promising ethics
reform with an executive order on his first day in office but not following
through. Scott had pledged his administration would develop a plan for
implementing "all or certain" recommendations by a grand jury convened by former
Gov. Charlie Crist.

"We feel that we have a strong case here given that the text of the ad is 100
percent true," Karp said, "and the fact is that Scott has not addressed the
problems addressed in the report."

But the video does not get into that degree of detail. It also fails to mention
that Scott did sign two ethics measures into law this year.

The laws give the state Commission on Ethics more power to investigate
complaints referred to it, requires constitutional officers to go through four
hours of ethics training and bans former legislators from lobbying state
agencies for two years after leaving office, among other things.

One more note: Florida is not universally considered the most corrupt state.

A study by researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago examined
Department of Justice data for corruption convictions across the states from
1976 to 2010. The broadened time period meant Florida ranked No. 4 in total
federal public corruption convictions (1,762 convictions), trailing New York,
California and Illinois. Per capita, Florida ranked eighth.

Our ruling

The Democrats took too big a leap by blatantly linking Scott with a report about
Florida being No. 1 for federal corruption convictions. The report specifically
stated it was looking at the decade before Scott took office. The juxtaposition
in the video is misleading, leaving viewers with the wrong impression.

We rate this claim False.

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Thursday, June 20th, 2013 at 10:41 a.m.

Subjects: Ethics

Sources: Florida Democratic Party video, "Rick Scott's days are numbered," June
16, 2013; Integrity Florida, "Corruption risk report: Florida's ethics laws,"
June 6, 2012; PolitiFact Florida, "Florida Gov. Charlie Crist says he has
suspended 37 public officials," Jan. 29, 2010; Tampa Tribune, "Study ranks
Florida No. 1 in corruption," May 31, 2013; Tampa Bay Times, "Rick Scott
promised big ethics reform, but nothing has happened," March 7, 2013; Interview
with Joshua Karp, Florida Democratic Party spokesman, June 18, 2013; Interview
with Dan Krassner, Integrity Florida executive director, June 18, 2013;
University of Illinois at Chicago study, "Chicago and Illinois, leading the pack
in corruption," Feb. 15, 2012

Researched by: Katie Sanders

Edited by: Aaron Sharockman

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2) PHOTO: A Web video by the Florida Democratic Party links a
corruption study with Gov. Rick Scott. VIDEO - YouTube: The Florida Democratic
Party released a video touting Rick Scott's numbered days.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            BBC Monitoring Kiev Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

USA to allocate funds for anti-corruption reforms in Ukraine - vice-president

LENGTH: 310 words


Text of report by Ukrainian commercial, news-based 5 Kanal TV on 7 December

[Presenter] The USA is ready to allocate 190m dollars to support reforms
necessary to fight corruption in Ukraine, US Vice-President Joe Biden said at a
meeting with [Ukrainian President] Petro Poroshenko.

On Bankova [Ukrainian presidential administration venue], they mainly discussed
the conflict in Donbass. Biden said that [Russian] President Putin must fulfil
the Minsk agreements to ensure that there is a diplomatic solution to the
problem.

Another issue the sides discussed was fight against corruption. The USA is
certain that Ukrainian officials still have a chance to convince their citizens
that they are ready to fight this phenomenon, despite recent high-profile
scandals.

For his part, President Petro Poroshenko said that the war in Donbass cannot be
an excuse for slow reforms and weak fight against corruption. He assured the
American guest that Kiev understands this.

[Biden, in English, overlaid with Ukrainian translation] Everybody should work
together every day to eliminate corruption. This is very important to ensure
prosperity and become part of secure Europe. You must remove this cancer tumour
of corruption. People must see this. This involves passing important decisions,
stepping up the speed of reforms, supporting efficient governance, increasing
transparency and the rule of law. As long as you demonstrate progress in
fighting corruption, the USA will always be with you in this issue.

[Poroshenko] Over a short period of time, amid aggression, war, and occupation
of part of our sovereign territory, I can say that we have done more that over
all the years of independence. This does not mean that the war, this aggression
against Ukraine, can be an excuse for not conducting reforms, this is wrong.

Source: 5 Kanal TV, Kiev, in Ukrainian 1600 gmt 7 Dec 15

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           August 19, 1987 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

FBI STING FINDS ROTTEN CORE IN THE BIG APPLE

BYLINE: ALEX BRUMMER

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 458 words


NEW YORK, Tuesday: Businessman Mr Vincent Silon could never have dreamed that
success would come so quickly.

His mission was to sell materials - blades for snow ploughs, street signs, nuts
and bolts - to local authorities.

But in New York State, whose impressive Governor, Mr Mario Cuomo, has been
assiduously working on a stronger code of ethics for public officials, anything,
it seems, is possible.

Armed with an order book and a briefcase full of cash, Mr Silon - an FBI agent
in disguise - was able to demonstrate that shady dealing is as much a way of
life in small town New York as south of the border in Mexico, where the Reagan
Administration is always complaining of corruption.

"On 106 occasions bribes were offered or discussed," the United States attorney
for New York, Mr Rudolph Guiliani, told an amused press conference. "On 105 of
those occasions, the public official involved accepted the bribe. And on the
other occasion he turned it down because he didn't think the amount was enough."

Mr Guiliani, a latterday Elliot Ness figure, has already captured national
headlines for his handcuff arrests of insider traders on Wall Street and his
clampdown on corruption in Mayor Ed Koch's city hall.

He described the FBI "sting" of municipal officials as the largest single
bribery and corruption case ever. Quite a claim given the rampant corruption in
US cities, which has put mayors on the defensive from Washington DC to Atlanta
and Chicago.

By the time the round-up was over last week, some 58 people, including 44 New
York State public officials, had been taken to court and charged with taking
bribes and kickbacks from the undercover FBI agent. The officials, who included
highway superintendents and purchasing managers from all over the State could
now face up to $US250,000 ($A347,000) in fines and five to 20 years in prison.

The undercover operation, which could have netted dozens more public officials -
and even deprived New York of its municipal supervisors - had to be called off
abruptly last month after the mysterious man with the steel fencing and road
signs was recognised.

"We had to remove him from the case for his own safety," one of the officials
said.

The prosecuting attorneys, clearly concerned about charges of "entrapment", said
that each of the town officials enticed was already under suspicion for some
kind of irregularity.

"Nobody was approached cold," they argued, anticipating the defences of clever
lawyers who were doubtless being recruited across the State.

There is little reason to feel sorry for the victims of the sting.

At least one of the defendants, from New York's elegant White Plains suburb,
arranged for the town hall to chauffeur him home from court - in the limousine
to which he was accustomed.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 July 25, 2004

Lessons from Lesotho

SECTION: Opinion & Editorial; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 261 words




THE US Senate Foreign Relations Committee heard evidence this week from Durban
senior advocate Guido Penzhorn, who has been leading the prosecution in Lesotho
of the individuals and companies on trial for corruption in connection with the
multibillion-dollar Highlands water project.

Penzhorn was invited to testify before the committee during a hearing on the
role of the World Bank, which the senators believe is hampered by continuing
corruption in many parts of the globe. According to Penzhorn's evidence, Lesotho
could not afford the costs of this investigation and prosecution because of a
number of drains on its finances - including HIV/Aids. However, Maseru persisted
with the trials in a determined effort to weed out corruption.

It is disturbing to read from Penzhorn's testimony that Lesotho and South Africa
both formed the impression that First World countries were less concerned that
the prosecutions should be successfully concluded than that the interests of
their companies involved should be protected.

More heartening are his tributes to the help given by South Africa in supporting
Lesotho during the period of the trials.

But it could have been better. Imagine if South Africa's prosecuting services
had also been invited to give evidence in Washington DC about bribery and
corruption matters which had been properly tried and concluded in this country.

There is no shortage of graft in South Africa. We need to show the same serious
commitment to ending corruption that Lesotho has so courageously demonstrated.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2004 Times Media Limited

                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 19, 2014 Sunday

Where region ranks statewide when it comes to political corruption

BYLINE: Randy Griffith, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 270 words


Jan. 19--JOHNSTOWN -- The Cambria County region's storied history of political
misdeeds is not unusual, an expert says.

"You're small potatoes," said G. Terry Madonna, a professor of political science
at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster. "I don't think you'd be on
anybody's top score when it comes to public corruption.

"That's not a bad thing."

Repak indictment is just the latest in Johnstown's checkered political past

VIDEO: One of region's scandals has ties to Oscar favorite

Editorial: Johnstown Redevelopment Authority members should resign

There are currently 25 to 30 public officials under indictment in the
Scranton-Wilkes Barre region of northeastern Pennsylvania, Madonna estimated.

Luzerne County's "kids for cash" and the Pennsylvania Turnpike's pay-to-play
scandals are leading the headlines.

Philadelphia is another hotbed of corruption, he said.

"If you asked me to name my top two or three areas of the state, I don't think
Johnstown would come to mind," Madonna said.

Those comparisons are hard to document, said Richard Burkert, president  of
Johnstown Area Heritage Association.

"I don't think that it's any different from other places in western
Pennsylvania," Burkert said.

The fabric of local government has historically created temptation for
corruption, Burkert said.

"It has always been, to some extent, a function of the economy," Burkert said.
"There has always been more people than jobs. Public service and crime are
always options."

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140119-JO-Where-region-ranks-statewide-when-it-comes-to-political-
corruption-0119-20140119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Democrat

                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           September 8, 2007 Saturday

Many records sealed in FBI corruption case

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 660 words


Read past stories on the public corruption investigation

About a third of the 40 federal court records filed so far in the ongoing public
corruption case are sealed, a common practice in public corruption cases that
are still being investigated, experts said.

"Usually you ask for something (to be) sealed so that you can keep building a
case against someone else," said David Iglesias, a former U.S. attorney in the
New Mexico division.

The records don't say who asked for the documents to be sealed.

"I sealed cases when we were not ready to go public and we wanted to look at
more people," Iglesias said from Albuquerque, where he used to work.

All of the court records filed so far in the public corruption investigation
involve either the three people who have pleaded guilty so far; the fight over
who gets to keep $77,000 seized by the FBI from GECU after also being paid to
account holder Frank Apodaca, former president and CEO of Access HealthSource;
the request by El Paso lawyer Mary Stillinger to be able to represent three men
implicated in the case; and lawyer Martie Jobe's request to get U.S. District
Court Judge Frank Montalvo to recuse himself from the case.

In the GECU civil lawsuit, Montalvo sealed 11 of the 31 documents.

William Pizzi, a University of Colorado law professor, said he didn't know the
motive for sealing records, especially when other public documents name the
people involved.

"Sometimes an indictment is sealed for a short while to allow the FBI to make an
arrest where there is a fear of flight," said Pizzi, a former assistant U.S.
attorney who now teaches criminal law.

Texas First Amendment lawyer Joel White said the documents in this public
corruption case would continue to be sealed until someone or some agency steps
forward to challenge the judge's orders.

"Usually what you have is the defendants not wanting anyone seeing anything on
them," White said. "And then you have the prosecutor saying 'I don't care.' So
the judge has both parties agreeing and he has no incentive to not seal the
documents."

White said that when some of the documents in the Enron public corruption case
in Houston were being sealed, he was hired to challenge the judge's ruling. He
got most of the documents unsealed.

"There are legal standards for sealing court documents, and the order to seal
them should be public," said White, the immediate past president of the Texas
Freedom of Information Foundation.

A review of the 1,300 federal documents in the case against former Enron
executive Kenneth Rice shows that fewer than 20 documents are sealed. Rice was
one of the first Enron employees to plead guilty, and he was used as a witness
against the company's founder, president and chief executive officer.

The Enron case was pending for five years.

Public corruption in El Paso has been under investigation for more than two
years. The public learned about it in 2006 when FBI agents raided the office of
the National Center for Employment of the Disabled, and then again in May, when
they raided the County Courthouse.

Since then, agents also have searched or met with school board members and other
elected officials.

The investigation has led to three guilty pleas.

John Travis Ketner, former chief of staff for County Judge Anthony Cobos,
pleaded guilty in June to two counts of conspiracy to commit mail fraud, one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit
bribery. In the process, he implicated 17 other county officials, individuals
and companies, including one person presumed to be former County Commissioner
Betti Flores.

Flores pleaded guilty in July to six counts of conspiracy to commit mail or wire
fraud linked to her trading her votes for money.

Bernardo Lucero Jr., vice president of Lucero/Melendez Architects, pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud and conspiracy to make false
statements to obtain credit.

Ramon Bracamontes may be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6142.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 21, 2013 Thursday

Russian parliamentarians won't work with US senator on corruption - senior MP

LENGTH: 553 words


Russian parliamentarians will not cooperate with US senator Benjamin Cardin in
the fight against corruption because he was one of the authors of the USA's
Magnitskiy law, head of the State Duma International Affairs Committee Aleksey
Pushkov told Russian privately-owned Interfax news agency on 21 March.

Earlier on the same day, Nikolay Kovalev, head of the Duma Commission for
control over deputies' income and property, said Russian and US parliamentarians
could establish a working group that would oversee mechanisms for exchanging
information about foreign bank accounts of Russian officials, Interfax reported.

"Information that the State Duma intends to cooperate with Senator Cardin on the
fight against corruption and especially the search for Russian citizens'
accounts does not reflect reality. The exchange of opinions in this regard
between Mr Cardin and Russian parliamentarians which took place in Vienna [on
22-23 February] was preliminary in nature and did not result in specific
agreements," Pushkov was quoted as saying.

State Duma members do not consider Cardin to be a possible partner, he said.

"As is well known, he is one of the authors of the Magnitskiy law, which was
passed in the USA, which is not an instrument in the fight against corruption
but an obvious example of anti-Russian legislation that impinges on the
sovereignty of the Russian Federation, and accordingly, the authors of this law
cannot be partners of the State Duma in discussing and resolving any questions
whatsovever," Pushkov said.

At the same time he said that the "subject of the fight against corruption could
be considered an area of cooperation with the US Congress".

"Such contacts, as State Duma speaker Sergey Naryshkin has said, are not without
use, but only with those members of the US Congress who are sincerely interested
in the fight against this evil, and are not trying to use such a fight as an
instrument to put pressure on Russia," he said.

"This should be a two-way street," he added.

Pushkov said it is well known that "many corrupt schemes related both to Russia
and to a number of other countries involve the USA".

"Suffice it to mention the high-profile case regarding the Bank of New York,
which became the subject of legal proceedings in the USA itself. A number of
American advisers of the then Russian government of reformers were involved in
overt corruption in the 1990s, as both the American and Russian press wrote on
more than one occasion," Pushkov said.

"So cooperation with American senators and congressmen only makes sense if the
subject will be to reveal corrupt practices both in Russia and in the USA, as
well as exposing both Russian and American citizens involved in such practices,"
he said.

In this regard, he said that parliamentarians support establishing cooperation
first and foremost between the law-enforcement agencies of Russia and the USA in
the fight against corruption.

Ben Cardin was the sponsor of the USA's Magnitskiy act, which US President
Barack Obama signed into law in December 2012 in response to the death of
Hermitage Capital Fund lawyer Sergey Magnitskiy in a Moscow remand centre in
November 2009. The law introduced sanctions against Russian officials allegedly
implicated in Magnitskiy's death.

Source: Interfax news agency, Moscow, in Russian 1004 gmt 21 Mar 13

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                              May 14, 2013 Tuesday

Is New Mexico the most corrupt state?

BYLINE: Alamogordo Daily News By Jay Miller, For the Daily News

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 622 words


Has anyone ever told you New Mexico is the most corrupt state in the nation?
I've heard it for years, including from an FBI agent who investigated our
financial corruption mess.

Since I was a kid, I remember hearing that some powerful New Mexican, maybe
Dennis Chavez, as saying that if you want to get a degree in political
corruption, go to Chicago. If you want to get a master's degree, go to
Louisiana. But if you want a doctorate, go to New Mexico.

If you ask people from the East Coast, they'll probably tell you that New York
and New Jersey are the most corrupt states. It just depends on where you're
from.

New Mexicans can point out that former Sen. Manny Aragon still is in federal
prison in Colorado for getting kickbacks from the federal courthouse in
Albuquerque and that several others pled to lesser offenses.

They also can tell you the two state treasurers went to prison recently for
pocketing money. And then there is the State Investment Council and its bad
deals that greatly enriched a few and made the rest of us put off retirement a
few more years.

And then there is former Gov. Bill Richardson, who is reported to have received
big campaign donations in exchange for the bad campaign advice. The pay-to-play
investigations, suits, countersuits and grand jury proceedings are slowly
working their way through the system, but no one has gone to jail and Richardson
has remained untouched.

The allegations did force Richardson to withdraw his nomination as secretary of
commerce, however. So far, there has been much smoke but no fire. Richardson got
himself into some hot water, but contrast that with Illinois, which has had
seven governors arrested for corruption since 1850. At least one is still in
prison for attempting to sell the U.S. Senate seat vacated by President Barack
Obama.

New Mexico began its statehood efforts in 1850 and it may have been the closest
we got for the next 62 years. President Zachary Taylor wanted to make us a
state, but he died after a July 4 party.

New Mexico's governors were appointed by presidents until 1912. A few of those
may have landed in jail for falling under the influence of the Santa Fe Ring.
Instead, the president removed them from office and sent a replacement.

This lawlessness surely was among the reasons it took New Mexico so long to
become a state. It settled down some in the late 1800s when Edmund G. Ross
became the first New Mexican to be appointed territorial governor.

Ross was a man of principle. He cast the deciding vote against the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson in the mid-1860s despite knowing it would cost him re-election
to the U.S. Senate. His story was one of John F. Kennedy's profiles in courage.

So New Mexico got off to a bad start with its corruption image, but studies
compiled in recent years indicate that we aren't doing so badly in spite of the
evidence listed above.

I wrote a column several years ago that cited a study showing New Mexico ranking
19th in corruption among the 50 states and the District of Columbia.

John Robertson of the Albuquerque Journal wrote a piece more recently citing a
Daily Beast report putting New Mexico at the 45th worst state for public
corruption.

An even more recent report lists New Mexico in 39th place at risk for corruption
. It looks at what each state is doing to prevent the corruption. It includes
factors such as public access to information, executive, legislative and
judicial accountability, lobbying disclosure and ethics enforcement agencies.

We did not do well at all, but some states must be even worse. Gov. Susana
Martinez tried to fix some of these areas, but her House Bill 13 didn't make it
out of its first committee this year.


Contact columnist Jay Miller at insidethecapitol@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 29, 2012 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Thursday Conversation: Leadership

BYLINE: Rick Badie; Staff

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 564 words


Today's moderator: Rick Badie

Rick Badie joined The Atlanta Journal-Constitution as an education reporter in
1997. A South Georgia native, he's covered the region's immigrant communities,
was a feature obituary writer and opinion columnist for the AJC's Gwinnett
edition.

* Join the discussion today: Share your opinions and ideas at
blogs.ajc.com/atlanta-forward/.

If a teen earned this grade, he'd probably lose cellphone and iPod privileges.
Might get grounded, too. Georgia received an F because it's a high-risk state
for government corruption, according to an investigation by the Center for
Public Integrity. Today, a former ethics enforcer questions the study's
methodology while an ethics-reform proponent says Georgia deserved the grade.

How ethics are enforced state by state

On March 19, the Center for Public Integrity (CPI) released state rankings that
measured the strengths of laws on public corruption and government openness.

The State Integrity Investigation, a joint project of CPI, Public Radio
International and Global Integrity, was harsh on Georgia.

We came in dead last --- 50th out of 50 states --- as it relates to potential
risk for corruption. Overall grade: F.

Other states that earned an F are Michigan, North Dakota, South Carolina, Maine,
Virginia, Wyoming and South Dakota.

No state received an A. New Jersey, with an overall B, ranked first. Other
states given Bs are Connecticut, Washington, California and Nebraska.

The ethics report's scathing assessment of Georgia has been criticized by some
lawmakers, including House Ethics Chairman Joe Wilkinson, R-Sandy Springs.

"Based on previous discussions with the Center for Public Integrity, we were
under the assumption that the 2012 rankings would show Georgia in the top five
states," he told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.

Caitlin Ginley, project manager for the report, said the investigation didn't
measure actual levels of corruption.

"This is a look at . . . the laws, policies and procedures in place to prevent
corruption and how effective they are," she explained. Across the board, she
said, state ethics, open records and disclosure laws lacked "teeth."

Some states have tried to limit the influence of lobbyists by banning or
restricting the meals and gifts they buy for lawmakers or by prohibiting
political contributions from them. Georgia has no such law.

Bills proposed this legislative session that would have imposed limits on
lobbyists' gifts to Georgia lawmakers never made it out of committee.

Meanwhile, Democratic legislators in Ohio, recipient of a D grade from the State
Integrity Investigation, have called for a bipartisan task fork to review the
Buckeye State's ethics laws and to weigh legislation to strengthen transparency
and accountability.

Said Rep. Jay Goyal, D-Mansfield: "We have a responsibility to the people of
Ohio, and it is simply unacceptable for us to fail to ensure government is
working for Ohioans' best interest at all times."

Here's a breakdown of the report's categories and Georgia's grades:

Public access to information: F.

Executive accountability: D-.

Judicial accountability: C-.

State civil service management: F.

Internal auditing: B.

State pension fund management: F.

State insurance commissions: F.

Political financing: F.

Legislative accountability: F.

State budget processes: D.

Procurement: D.

Lobbying disclosure: F.

Ethics enforcement agencies: F.

Redistricting: F.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 28, 2011 Tuesday

Anti-corruption official appointed in Buffalo

BYLINE: Mark Scheer, Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


June 28--BUFFALO -- New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has
appointed a public integrity officer to field complaints about public corruption
in the Western New York area.

During a visit to Buffalo on Tuesday, Schneiderman announced the appointment of
Rose McMorrow to the position which will allow residents to report complaints
about public corruption in local governments. McMorrow has served as an
assistant attorney general since October 2007, handling cases in the Sex
Offender Management Bureau. Before joining the attorney general's office, she
spent five years working as an assistant district attorney in Erie County where
she prosecuted corruption and white collar cases.

"Having a public integrity officer here will go a long way to root out
corruption and address the concerns of Western New York's taxpayers,"
Schneiderman said. "As Buffalo's public integrity officer, Rose McMorrow will
give everyday citizens a place to take complaints where they know they can and
will be examined without fear or favor."

Schneiderman is placing integrity officers in all of his regional offices across
the state in an effort to crack down on local government corruption.

"From town halls to the state capital, it is essential to bring both a 'top
down' and 'bottom up' approach to reforming our state and giving taxpayers the
government they deserve," Schneiderman said. "We must clean up Albany, but we
must also root out possible corruption hidden in the nooks and crannies of local
governments and special districts."

Any Western New York citizen who suspects cases involving government corruption
are encouraged to call McMorrow at the attorney general's Buffalo regional
office at 853-8400.

To see more of the Niagara Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.niagara-gazette.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Niagara Gazette, Niagara
Falls, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110628-NF-Anti-corruption-official-appointed-in-Buffalo-0628-20110628

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2011 Niagara Gazette

                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            January 25, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ANTI-CORRUPTION TEAM SOUGHT

BYLINE: By JOHN LANTIGUA Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 749 words


After Palm Beach County Commission Chairman Tony Masilotti was indicted for
public corruption in 2006, Realtor and community activist Dan Lewis turned to
another commissioner for help in establishing an anti-corruption unit inside
county government.

That commissioner was Warren Newell.

"Warren was all for it," Lewis recalls, "but then he had his own troubles."

Not long afterward, Newell also pleaded guilty to corruption charges and
followed Masilotti to prison.

But Lewis hasn't given up. He is organizing a group of residents to approach the
commission as early as February to ask for an in-house anti-corruption team.

He was provoked by the Jan. 10 resignation of County Commissioner Mary McCarty,
who confessed publicly to larcenous behavior and also is headed to prison.

Of seven people who sat on the commission two years ago, two are behind bars and
another will join them soon. Two West Palm Beach city commissioners -- Ray
Liberti and Jim Exline -- also have served time for corruption since 2006.

"When you read Time magazine and see the headline 'Palm Beach County: New
Capital of Florida Corruption,' it's time for the public to do something," Lewis
said, referring to a Time.com posting Jan. 10.

"Call it an inspector general's office, public counsel, an ethics commission,"
said Lewis, son of former state Sen. Philip Lewis. "Whatever they call it, the
body needs subpoena powers. Right now a business owner thinking of relocating
here, but who believes there isn't a level playing field, just won't come. We
have to fix this."

Lewis contacted The Palm Beach Post after reading an article Monday about
Miami-Dade County's Office of the Inspector General, which was established in
1997 and has been credited with helping to clean up government there.

Two Palm Beach County commissioners contacted for that story -- Chairman Jeff
Koons and Addie Greene -- said they believed the economic crisis precludes new
government entities.

They also said that U.S. Attorney R. Alexander Acosta and FBI investigators were
doing a good job in battling corruption. The county state attorney's office
recently appointed a full-time public corruption prosecutor.

But Lewis insisted that vigilance to keep waste and corruption from being
written into county contracts in the first place is necessary and questioned the
cost of an inspector general's office.

Leonard Odum, inspector general for New Orleans, former IRS investigator and
president of the 630-member national Association of Inspectors General, said a
county the size of Palm Beach would need at least 10 to 12 people --
investigators, auditors and clerks.

"The salaries and benefits, which is the great majority of the cost, would be
about $1 million or a bit under," Odum said.

"But the idea of any IG is that it pays for itself by finding fraud, waste,
abuse and corruption. In Palm Beach, they should return much more than that
million."

Palm Beach County has a budget of $3.9 billion. Odum pointed out that a $1
million IG budget would represent about $1 for every $4,000 the county spends.

During bad economic times, anti-corruption units are more necessary, said Fred
Palm, executive director of the Association of Inspectors General, based in New
York.

"We know that during times of economic stress, crime goes up," Palm said. "What
makes them think that stealing from the government doesn't go up as well?"

One question is how such a unit would be funded. In Miami-Dade, the inspector
general's office receives one-quarter of 1 percent of every contract entered
into by the county.

"But we save the county much, much more than that," said Miami-Dade Inspector
General Christopher Mazzella, a former FBI agent.

Other local residents are studying the issue and support Lewis' plan to approach
the commission.

The Department of Pubic Administration at Florida Atlantic University this month
initiated a Public Ethics Academy to study the roots of corruption in Broward
and Palm Beach counties and possible remedies.

Hugh Miller, director of the department, said he understands the money worries
but called for "creative ways" to finance an office like Miami-Dade's.

"In Palm Beach County I think it's something the commissioners should look at,"
he said.

Commissioner Jess Santamaria also expressed money concerns.

"But if it were to come before the commission today, I would support it," he
said. "People are fed up. We need to stop this corruption now. And the idea of
spending $1 million to save $10 million sounds good to me."

~ john_lantigua@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Share your comments Should Palm Beach County establish an anti-
corruption team? Tell us what you think. PalmBeachPost. com/yourpost

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

Study: State 3rd most corrupt;
Chicago tops list of corrupt cities

BYLINE: David Thomas; State Capitol Bureau, DAVID.THOMAS@SJ-R.COM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 831 words


Illinois is the third most corrupt state in the nation, according to a
University of Illinois study released Wednesday.

The study, which looked at data the U.S. Department of Justice has gathered
since 1976, also listed Chicago and its surrounding metropolitan area as the
most corrupt federal district in the country.

"I think Illinois has an ethics deficit, and anything we can do to improve our
ethical behavior would be good for the state," said Jim Nowlan, a senior fellow
with the U of I's Institute of Government and Public Affairs.

The study endorses a number of reforms to combat the culture of corruption in
Chicago and Illinois, which Nowlan said has been in place since the 1880s. One
such proposal is the "Lincoln Amendment" - a constitutional amendment that would
allow citizens to enact ethics reforms through popular initiative and
referendum. Gov. Pat Quinn introduced the idea Sunday, Abraham Lincoln's
birthday.

David Morrison, deputy director of the Illinois Campaign for Political Reform,
said that while he agrees with the spirit of the report, he's not sure the
Lincoln Amendment is the way to go.

"When you're talking about the constitutional amendments, the devil is in the
details," Morrison said.

He maintains that more lobbyist disclosure is needed. He said a lot of the
scandals that came out of the administration of ex-Gov.

Rod Blagojevich were bribes disguised as lobbyist payments.

Disclosure of lawmakers' economic interests is needed as well, he said, which
would "help the public know where their public officials might be tempted to
focus on their own needs rather than the public's."

The ouster of Blagojevich, convicted of trying to sell President Obama's old
U.S. Senate seat, prompted the General Assembly to adopt a number of ethics
reforms. However, Nowlan, a former representative himself, said they haven't
gone far enough.

"Rare is the person who enters public life planning to be corrupt, yet since
1976, 1,828 persons in Illinois have been convicted of public corruption
crimes," Nowlan said. "I'm sure many of them didn't think at the time at they
were committing these crimes. They just hadn't thought about it."

Chicago is No. 1 There were 1,828 public corruption convictions between 1976 and
2010 in Illinois, behind New York and California. When population is taken into
account, Illinois retains its third-place ranking, surpassed by the District of
Columbia and Louisiana.

The Northern District of Illinois, which includes Chicago, has seen more public
corruption convictions in the same time period than any other federal judicial
district in Illinois. Between 1976 and 2010, 1,531 public corruption convictions
were made in the district.

The report also takes note of the governors who have been convicted. Between
1970 and 2011, four Illinois governors were sentenced to prison. During that
same time period, 31 Chicago aldermen were convicted of corruption.

By comparison, the central and southern districts of Illinois together have had
118 public corruption convictions in the past 10 years.

"A cursory look would suggest that central and southern districts are less
corrupt than the northern district, but that can be misleading," Nowlan said.

"Sometimes cases that are located in central or southern districts may be
prosecuted in the northern district of Illinois because the IRS and the FBI and
the Department of Justice want a concentration of their manpower up there."

Nowlan pointed to the trial of Springfield powerbroker Bill Cellini. While the
Cellini case might be rooted in Springfield, the trial occurred in Chicago and
would count as a public conviction there.

"It's difficult to draw too many conclusions from the data we have," Nowlan
said.

Legal corruption There are other limits to the study as well. Nowlan said it
does not cover "legal corruption," where people get private gain at the public's
expense, but it is entirely legal.

Nowlan cited former state Rep. Robert Molaro, DChicago, who doubled his public
pension after working only one month in a Chicago alderman's office.

"We've found no way to measure that," Nowlan said, adding that the problem is
deep and pervasive in Illinois. An example he uses in his class: Students are
given a hypothetical situation in which their sibling is facing DUI charges that
will inflict a heavy burden on the sibling's family. However, the sibling's
lawyer knows of an easy way out - for $1,000.

"And consistently, two out of three of my students say 'go for it,' and most of
them are seniors headed for law school," Nowlan said.

Sen. Larry Bomke, RSpringfield, acknowledged that legal corruption is a problem
but said the issue of people taking advantage of loopholes in the law is not
always apparent.

"I don't believe most members of the General Assembly would vote on legislation
that would allow someone to take advantage of the pension situation," Bomke
said, noting that loopholes can appear because of quirks in the law.

David Thomas can be reached at 782-6292.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Corruption has its costs The U of I report estimates that public
corruption in Illinois has cost taxpayers more than $500 million. The report
states, "Governor Blagojevich's well-publicized corruption antics led to a
lowering of the state's bond rating, which cost the state more than $20 million
during its last bond issue." But public corruption also has intangible costs.
"It has a corrosive effect on people's engagement in society and their sense of
belonging in it," said David Morrison, deputy director of the Illinois Campaign
for Political Reform. "That's very difficult to measure, but it's no less
damaging."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 29, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Scandals Deter New Business, Koch Aide Says

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 398 words


Widespread municipal corruption discourages economic development in New York,
Investigation Commissioner Kevin B. Frawley said yesterday.

''There is a pervasive cynicism about doing business in New York City,'' said
Mr. Frawley, who has been in charge of the anticorruption efforts for three
months. ''It seems as if one must have to pay off inspectors, one must have to
give kickbacks to those who are responsible for giving out contracts and
monitoring contracts.''

Mr. Frawley, in remarks at a forum on corruption and in an interview later,
added that business people in the city and from out of town had expressed fears
to him about seeking city contracts or starting private operations in New York.

''Wherever I go, I hear that you can't build in New York because you've got to
pay everybody off or you can't open a restaurant or another businesss because
you inflate your costs by all the corruption that is inolved,'' Mr. Frawley
said.

The head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation office in the city, James Fox,
said at the forum that the agency was investigating a large volume of corruption
cases and that some would result ''in headlines in the next few months.'' He
declined to give details.

'Let's Deal Now'

At the forum, sponsored by the Citizens Crime Commission, Mr. Fox announced that
the F.B.I. had established a 24-hour telephone number, (212) 553-2925, to
receive information about public corruption.

''Call us now, let's deal now,'' Mr. Fox said in a warning to people implicated
in corruption. ''If we catch you before you come to us, you don't have much
bargaining power.''

The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said the Legislature was
blocking changes adopted by the Federal Government and many other states that
would help to uncover and deter corruption. He called for legislation to limit
the immunity from prosecution extended to grand jury witnesses and to expand the
corroborative evidence for corruption trials.

Mr. Frawley also said the Legislature had refused to revise laws that let
municipal employees receive pensions even if they have been convicted of
corruption. The loss of pension rights, he added, would be a significant step in
reducing misconduct.

As of last November, he noted, 29 city employees who had been found guilty of
corruption were receiving a total of more than $500,000 a year in pensions.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

FBI asks help identifying government corruption

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 109 words


BOSTON (AP) &GT;&GT; The FBI is asking the public's help in identifying
government corruption in Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire and Rhode Island.

Special Agent Vincent Lisi, who runs the agency's Boston field office that
covers those four states, announced Monday that his office will launch a
dedicated, toll free tip line: 1-844-NoBribe (662-7423).

It will also launch a billboard ad campaign called "stop corruption now." Online
tips can be submitted at tips.fbi.gov.

Lisi said one area of growing concern is the expansion of casino gambling in the
region, which he said might lead to an increase in public corruption and
financial and organized crime.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                             August 23, 2009 Sunday

Jay Miller: Corruption, license plates, capitol parking

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 657 words


This is often called clippings from the newsroom floor. For me it's more like
orphan notes from a legal pad. Not enough to make into a column but important
enough to deserve a mention.

Corruption reports from around the nation the past several months make New
Mexico corruption appear to be in the bush leagues. New Jersey and New York
stings rounded up state and local public officials, includ-ing the Hoboken, NJ,
mayor who had just won election on a promise of doing away with corruption.

Former Illinois Gov. Rob Blagojavich has become the gold standard of government
for sale. His corruption trial may yield some additional willing partners in
crime.

Former U.S. Rep. William Jefferson, of Louisiana, has just been sentenced to 20
years for bribery racket-eering and money laundering. He was the guy with
$90,000 cash in his freezer. Louisiana often has been billed as the place to get
one's Ph.D. in government corruption.

New Mexico may pale in comparison to some other states. It is comforting that we
are about the only ones who think New Mexico ranks at the top of the list for
government corruption.

But it is still a problem that must be addressed. When businesses hear of
government corruption in our state, they likely will eliminate us from any of
their thoughts about coming to New Mexico. That's because it creates an unstable
political situation in which to operate.

Some of our problem emanates from a plural executive with which the framers of
New Mexico's constitu-tion saddled us. Instead of the governor appointing the
heads of all agencies, as the U.S. president does, we elect many other statewide
officials.

Those offices include state auditor, treasurer, attorney general, secretary of
state, land commissioner and five public regulation commissioners.

New Mexicans usually know very little about the people they elect to these
positions. Their election cam-paigns are usually very low profile. Once in
office, they are as independent as the governor but operate with much less
scrutiny.

If the governor were to appoint these people, they would have someone looking
over their shoulder. Thus far, in Gov. Bill Richardson's administration, no
cabinet secretaries have gotten into trouble.

This is not to say that it won't happen in the next 16 months. And it isn't to
say that any of our current statewide elected officials should be expected to
get in trouble. But I'm not sure that the plural executive system is the most
efficient way to run state government.

Why is it less efficient? They easily can be working at cross purposes to the
governor. The governor has no control over them and is not responsible for their
actions.

* * *

New Mexico has unveiled a new state license plate celebrating our 100th
anniversary as a state. That date will be January 6, 2012. The plate will be
turquoise, a color frequently associated with our state. But the Spanish royal
colors, red and gold, which also are our state colors, are on the plate too.

The news release from the governor's office was accompanied by a colorful
history of the New Mexico license plate. One step left out of the history was my
favorite license plate. It identified the county in which the plate was issued.

Santa Fe County, the state capital, was number 1. Bernalillo County, the most
populous county, was number 2. The remainder of the counties followed in
numerical order according to population. It was a popular game to memorize the
rank of each county and know when you saw a plate, where that car was from.

That system was discontinued in the early 1970s when the state ran out of
numbers. That's when we switched to three letters.

* * *

The oft-delayed Capitol parking garage is scheduled for completion in September,
in time for the special session. It was supposed to be ready for the regular
legislative session last January but numerous delays, mainly due to the
relocation of power lines, delayed it.

Jay Miller can be reached at insidethecapitol@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 21, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

A Corruption Fighter Says Fear Is the Best Deterrent

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 457 words


The former official whose anti-corruption campaigns earned him the title as the
most hated man in New York City's police force says that "fear, gut-wrenching
fear" is the strongest deterrent against misconduct.

Exposing dishonest officers was John Guido's beat from 1972 to 1986 when he
commanded the Police Department unit that investigated corruption. In that role,
Mr. Guido reshaped the department's programs to fight corruption in the wake of
the Knapp Commission's disclosures of pervasive payoffs and bribes among
officers and their supervisors.

"Corruption is a way of life in the department," Mr. Guido (pronounced GUY-doe)
said in an interview. "When cops come in, 20 percent are potential criminals, 20
percent are totally honest and 60 percent will stay honest if there are controls
in place that make them behave because they know there is a good chance they're
going to get caught."

Mr. Guido, who retired six years ago as Chief of Inspectional Services, said his
estimates of rogue and honest officers were based on his observations during 40
years in the department, including 25 years spent on corruption investigations.
He said he had no knowledge of the current inquiries into allegations of drug
dealing and other corruption.

'Gut-Wrenching Fear'

"You've got to ride herd on the dishonest 20 percent," he said. "The only thing
that stops them is fear, gut-wrenching fear and the knowledge that every
complaint is going to be thoroughly investigated."

In this century, the Police Department has been shaken by a scandal virtually
every 20 years. Mr. Guido believes that reason for such cycles is that
anticorruption programs become lax and a new generation of officers arrive
without knowledge of the previous scandal and its consequences. "There is an
inevitable erosion process, people forget and fighting corruption is no longer
seen as a major priority," he said.

'Dishonest Cops Hated Me'

As evidence of what he sees as indifference to corruption, Mr. Guido cited the
decision two years ago by the Cuomo administration to close down the office of
the Special State Prosecutor for Criminal Justice. "The special prosecutor was a
key reform and watchdog that came out of the Knapp Commission," he said. "I know
the dishonest cops hated me, and I know they hated the special prosecutor."

Before retiring, Mr. Guido warned that narcotics enforcement had become a major
corrupution hazard because of the huge bribes drug dealers offer. Noting that
the Knapp Commission disclosures centered on payoffs from illegal bookmakers,
Mr. Guido said:

"A cop on the pad might make a couple of hundred dollars from gambling. That's
nothing compared to a $100,000 or $200,000 narcotics shakedown."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John Guido, who led a unit that investigated Police corruption
from 1972 to 1986. (The New York Times, 1984)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

            October 15, 2002 Tuesday Illinois Five Star Lift Edition

BLAGOJEVICH, RYAN FOCUS ON CORRUPTION;
 IN DEBATE, CANDIDATES TRADE ACCUSATIONS, TOUT PLANS TO CLEAN UP GOVERNMENT

BYLINE: Kevin McDermott Post-Dispatch Springfield Bureau

SECTION: NEWS ; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 688 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, ILL.


The two major candidates for Illinois governor on Monday fought for the mantle
of governmental reformer, in a debate so heated that at one point there was talk
of lawsuits.

Mindful of polls showing Illinoisans sick of state government scandals, the
candidates saved their most vehement exchanges for the topic of corruption.
Republican Jim Ryan reminded viewers of his opponent's Chicago political roots,
including a father-in-law who is a powerful Chicago alderman. Democrat Rod
Blagojevich tried to tie Ryan to a Republican-controlled state government that
he said is laced with "corruption and the acceptance of corruption."

Blagojevich, a congressman, repeated his allegation that Ryan, as Illinois'
attorney general, failed to investigate allegations of corruption under Gov.
George Ryan, a fellow Republican. Those allegations later led to a slew of
federal indictments and convictions of Gov. Ryan's underlings for selling
trucking licenses for cash and campaign contributions.

"(During) the biggest scandal in Illinois history . . . he did nothing," said
Blagojevich. "He didn't lift a finger. . . . He had a chance to prosecute
corruption, and he failed."

Ryan warned that a Blagojevich victory would mean "the state Capitol becoming an
annex for (Chicago) City Hall" because of Blagojevich's Chicago political ties.
He noted that Blagojevich is the son-in-law of powerful Chicago Alderman Richard
Mell, and alleged that Blagojevich has received major financial support from an
organization tied to a man convicted of stealing millions from the state toll
highway authority.

"He is clearly part of the problem, not part of the solution," Ryan said of his
opponent.

The debate between the candidates was in the Old State Capitol in downtown
Springfield, in the House chamber where Abraham Lincoln served when he was in
the Illinois Legislature.

Blagojevich and other Democrats have been buoyed by public anger at Gov. Ryan's
bribes-for-licenses scandal, with the fallout hurting other Republicans on the
ticket. Blagojevich on Monday reminded the television and radio audiences that
no Democrat has been in the Governor's Mansion in more than 20 years.

"I can't think of anything more important than restoring the confidence and the
trust of the people in their leadership," Blagojevich said in his opening
comments. "I come from outside. I'm not part of this system."

Ryan retorted: "He's not an outsider." He noted Blagojevich spent four years as
a state legislator and was "a foot soldier to (House Speaker Michael) Madigan,"
a leading Democrat who is himself under fire for allegedly using state resources
for political purposes.

"People want change. The question is, who will actually be the agent of change?"
asked Ryan. "... (Blagojevich) represents the same old politics of the past."

Jim Ryan has said he didn't investigate Gov. Ryan because the federal
investigation was already under way. The two Ryans are not related.

Blagojevich also accused Ryan of negative campaigning, and said he may face a
libel suit for claiming in a commercial that someone with alleged ties to
Blagojevich was a felon.

"You're the guy I ought to sue for libel and defamation. Your claims are
ridiculous," Ryan responded.

The candidates staked out familiar ground on economic issues, most notably with
Blagojevich calling for an increase in the state's minimum wage and Ryan warning
that such an increase would hurt small businesses and cost jobs.

On other issues, there were few major differences between the candidates. On
southern Illinois' economy, both backed the continuing development of
"clean-coal" technology that will be able to burn Illinois' high-sulfur coal.
Both said they support gun-owner rights but would also support legislation on
trigger locks and background checks.

Both repeated their long-standing vows against any general tax increase, and
both vowed - vaguely - to address the state's $2 billion budget deficit by
cutting waste in government.

There are two more debates scheduled between the candidates, on Thursday and on
Oct. 24, both in Chicago.

The election is Nov. 5.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: ELECTION 2002; ILLINOIS GOVERNOR

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Color PHOTO headshots; (Jim) Ryan - Republican
candidate for governor; (Rod) Blagojevich - Democratic candidate for governor
GRAPHIC GRAPHIC; (2) Color Graphic / Logo; ELECTION 2002 logo w/ American flag;
ILLINOIS GOVERNOR

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           August 13, 2008 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Montgomery County launches public corruption unit

BYLINE: By Angela Couloumbis; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 355 words



The Montgomery County District Attorney's Office is launching a public-
corruption unit to crack down on the abuse of power in public positions in both
the county and the local governments within it.

District Attorney Risa Ferman said she created the office because she wanted to
send a message to residents that if they suspected corruption, there was a place
to report it and know that their information would be vetted and investigated.

Ferman also said yesterday that the Bonusgate scandal now unfolding in
Harrisburg - as well as Philadelphia's past pay-to-play corruption case - made
her realize that she needed to get out front in battling public corruption.

"Watching what's been happening in other places, I've become increasingly aware
of the public's frustration with elected officials who abuse authority," Ferman
said. "People in Montgomery County should know that there is a place they can go
if they believe someone is abusing public authority."

Ferman said she had given the new unit the full power of the District Attorney's
Office, including empaneling investigating grand juries, granting immunity, and
using informants and wiretaps.

The public-corruption unit will have at least one prosecutor and several
investigators, she said.

It is not expected to cost extra to run the unit, Ferman added.

Pennsylvania Attorney General Tom Corbett yesterday applauded Ferman's decision
to form the unit.

Corbett created a public-corruption unit within his office in February 2006.
Since then, it has brought charges against dozens of public officials and
employees and has won convictions against about 20.

"Creating a special unit and putting specialized prosecutors and agents on it
raises the level in the public's mind and in the criminal-justice system of
these types of crimes," said Kevin Harley, Corbett's press secretary.

"It goes to the heart of democracy. People have to have faith in their elected
officials, that they abide by the law," Harley added.

Contact staff writer Angela Couloumbis at 717-787-5934 or
acouloumbis@phillynews.com.

Inquirer staff writer Mario F. Cattabiani contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           September 8, 2007 Saturday

Many documents sealed in public corruption case

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 621 words


About third of the federal court records filed so far in the ongoing public
corruption case are sealed, something that is common in public corruption cases
that are still being investigated, experts said.

"Usually you ask for something sealed so that you can keep building a case
against someone else," said David Iglesias, a former U.S. Attorney in the New
Mexico division.

An overview of the 40 courthouse filings and briefs filed in the U.S. courthouse
in relation to the ongoing public corruption docket shows that almost a third of
them are sealed. The records don't say who asked for the documents to be sealed.

"I sealed cases when we were not ready to go public and we wanted to look at
more people," Iglesias said from Albuquerque, where he used to work.All of the
court records filed so far in the public corruption involve either the three
people who pleaded guilty so far, the fight over who gets to keep the $77,000
seized from the Government Employees Credit Union, the request by El Paso lawyer
Mary Stillinger to be able to represent three men implicated in the case and
Martie Jobe's request to get U.S. district court Judge Frank Montalvo to recuse
himself from the case.

In the GECU civil lawsuit, 11 of the 31 documents were sealed by Montalvo.

William Pizzi, a University of Colorado Law professor, said he doesn't know the
motive for sealing records, especially when public documents name people.

"Sometimes an indictment is sealed for a short while to allow the FBI to make an
arrest where there is a fear of flight," said Pizzi, a former assistant U.S.
attorney who now teaches criminal law.

Texas first amendment lawyer Joel White said the documents in this public
corruption case will continue to be sealed until someone or some agency steps
forward to challenge the judge's orders.

"Usually what you have is the defendants not wanting anyone seeing anything on
them," White said. "And then you have the prosecutor saying 'I don't care.' So,
the judge has both parties agreeing and he has no incentive to not seal the
documents."

White said that when some of the documents in the Enron public corruption case
in Houston were being sealed, he was hired to challenge the judge's ruling. He
got most of the documents unsealed.

"There are legal standards for sealing court documents and the order to seal
them should be public," said White, the immediate past president of the Texas
Freedom of Information Foundation.

A review of the 1,300 federal documents in the case against Kenneth Rice, a
former Enron employ, less than 20 documents are sealed. Rice was one of the
first Enron employees to plead guilty and he was used as a witness against the
company's founder, president and chief executive officer.The Enron case was
pending for five years.

The public corruption case in El Paso has been going on for more than two years.
The public learned about it in 2006 when FBI agents raided the office of the
National Center for Employment of the Disabled, and then again in May, when they
raided the County Courthouse.

Since then, agents also have searched or met with school-board members and other
elected officials.

The investigation has resulted in the guilty pleas of three people.

Ketner pleaded guilty in June to two counts of conspiracy to commit mail fraud,
one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to
commit bribery. In the process, he implicated 17 other county officials,
individuals and companies, including someone presumed to be former County
Commissioner Betti Flores.

Flores pleaded guilty in July to six counts of conspiracy to commit mail or wire
fraud linked to her trading her votes for money.

Ramon Bracamontes may be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6142.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 1, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

The Wrong Message on Corruption

SECTION: Section A;  Page 20;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 582 words


The need for the independent agency created by the New York City Council to
monitor police corruption has long been obvious, but events of the last few days
have made that need painfully clear.

First, Police Commissioner William Bratton dismissed the department's top
corruption official -- a man of unquestioned independence -- and replaced him
with an officer whom even Mr. Bratton describes as a department "insider." That
sent exactly the wrong signal to citizens and police officers worried about the
department's ability to investigate itself with vigor and impartiality. The
concern was only heightened when the sacked official, Walter S. Mack Jr.,
charged that police officials who had engineered his downfall had also resisted
his efforts to prosecute rogue cops for perjury and other serious crimes.

Second, Commissioner Bratton's own attitude toward corruption in the ranks has
been disturbingly complacent, as shown by recent comments. In an interview in
the current New Yorker, he said: "I have no interest in being known as an anti-
corruption zealot. . . . it's not something I'm going to be fixated on. I don't
want it to be my principal legacy." In yesterday's Daily News, Mr. Bratton was
quoted as saying that high-ranking officers needed to be kept abreast of
corruption investigations despite the risk of leaks, even if it meant that "a
few cases" would be lost to "loose lips."

This page has supported many of Mr. Bratton's anti-crime initiatives as well as
the city's plan to merge its three police forces under his leadership. But the
Commissioner's stance on corruption is worrisome, given that corruption scandals
in New York tend to erupt at least once every 20 years.

The ouster of Mr. Mack, a respected former Federal prosecutor, removes the first
civilian ever to head the Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau. Although
he was allegedly dismissed for poor management and an excessive demand for
resources, Mr. Mack's tenure was most notable for his determined independence
from the police brass and his willingness to work closely with district
attorneys and Federal prosecutors to combat corruption. His replacement is
Patrick E. Kelleher, a career policeman with 26 years on the force, whom Mr.
Bratton described as a cop's cop.

Mr. Kelleher's integrity is not at issue. But the switch from a proven
independent to an insider -- no matter how honest -- encourages the already
entrenched view among cops that it is "us against them" and that police
corruption is the department's business alone. That attitude is exactly what
permitted the scabrous corruption uncovered by the Mollen commission, which, in
its report last year, charged that the Internal Affairs Bureau before Mr. Mack
had turned a blind eye to gun- and drug-dealing officers, preferring to see no
evil.

Mr. Bratton and the Giuliani administration continue to resist the independent
agency created by the City Council to monitor and investigate police corruption
-- and keep the Internal Affairs Bureau on its toes. Yesterday the
administration decided to ignore the Council and create its own independent
agency, outside the Police Department, with subpoena power to compel testimony
even from the police themselves. That's an improvement over the Mayor's previous
position, but it comes too late. The Council has already established a
monitoring agency with even broader accountability -- to both the mayor and the
Council. The Council's plan is clearly superior.



LOAD-DATE: February 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 1, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Corruption in the 'Dirty 30'

SECTION: Section 1; Page 22; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 319 words


Police officers being led away in handcuffs have become a distressingly common
sight in New York this year. This week, 14 more cops from Harlem's
scandal-ridden 30th Precinct were arrested on corruption charges, bringing the
total number of arrests there to 29. Two sergeants were taken in as well,
suggesting that active complicity in corruption runs higher than the cop on the
beat. The shameful behavior in Harlem's "Dirty 30" precinct underscores the need
for a permanent independent anti-corruption agency to help stamp out police
crime before it becomes so widespread.

The rogue cops in the 30th called themselves "Nannery's Raiders," after their
supervising officer, Sgt. Kevin P. Nannery. The band is charged with faking
police radio and 911 emergency calls to cover up illegal raids on drug dealers'
apartments, during which they seized drugs and stole large amounts of cash. The
Mollen Commission noted that supervising officers often looked the other way
while street cops ran wild. But Sergeant Nannery allegedly went further and
became an enthusiastic participant. In one case, investigators say, the sergeant
and two of his "raiders" stopped a man in an apartment building, took his keys
and then ransacked his apartment. They found several thousand dollars' worth of
drugs and cash, took the money and then let the dealer go. The officers also
perjured themselves in many court cases, a development that could eventually
lead to the dismissal of as many as 50 cases.

The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert Morgenthau, deserves considerable credit
for breaking this case. But what if the next district attorney and police
commissioner lack the same appetite for battling corruption? A freestanding
anti-corruption unit would certainly spur them on. It would also give good cops
who wish to report corruption a place to turn without fearing exposure in the
station house or on the beat.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 25, 2006 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Weathering Corruption

SECTION: A Section; A15

LENGTH: 425 words


It's a familiar story line: When federal aid flows into a region devastated by a
natural disaster, those charged with disseminating it do not always behave
honorably in the chaos.

Is bad weather responsible for U.S. corruption?

Peter T. Leeson and Russell S. Sobel, both economics professors at West Virginia
University, say that "indirectly at least, the answer may be yes," but the real
culprit is the aid.

"States that experience more frequent and severe natural disasters attract
larger quantities of FEMA disaster relief. This relief creates a resource
windfall that increases public corruption," the two wrote in a 28-page study,
published this week by the Mercatus Center at George Washington University.

Official bribes, embezzlement, and the steering of contracts to friends or in
exchange for kickbacks are common in times when a premium is placed on getting
money to a disaster zone quickly, rather than on monitoring how it is spent, the
economists wrote.

Leeson and Sobel examined a decade's worth of public corruption data for the
1990s compiled by the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section. They found
that Louisiana was the most corrupt state, with an average of 0.85 annual
corruption-related convictions per 100,000 residents. New Hampshire was the
least corrupt, with 0.07.  (The national average was 0.31.)

The economists also looked at Federal Emergency Management Agency
disaster-relief payments for the decade, and performed a statistical regression
analysis to see whether there was any relationship between such payments and bad
behavior.

They concluded that there was. Every additional $1 per capita spent on federal
disaster relief increases corruption nearly 2.5 percent in the average state,
they wrote. Some of the worst corruption was in Louisiana, Mississippi and
Florida.

"Our findings suggest that notoriously corrupt regions of the United States,
such as the Gulf Coast, are notoriously corrupt because natural disasters
frequently strike them," the authors wrote. "They attract more disaster relief
making them more corrupt."

Their solution: Eliminate FEMA relief, which they say would reduce corruption
more than 20 percent in the average state.

Paul C. Light, a professor of government at New York University, said that
solution seems rather draconian, and in any case, he is not persuaded by the
argument. "Maybe natural disasters strike them because they're corrupt  --  same
logic," Light said, referring to the Gulf Coast states. "I'd like to see some
evidence."

--  Christopher Lee

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 26, 2006



CORRECTION: An Aug. 25 Federal Page article about an academic study of federal
disaster aid incorrectly said that the Mercatus Center is part of George
Washington University. It is part of George Mason University.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post

                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

The 10 Most Corrupt States in the U.S.

BYLINE: Madison Bondi, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


June 11--Did you know that when you type in the phrase, "Why is Illinois," into
a google search, the search engine will auto-populate suggested phrases to
complete your search term based on the phrases popularity? This is what comes
up, note the #1 search term:

http://www.rebootillinois.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/why-is-illinois-so-corr
upt-google.png

I don't need a Google search to tell me that Illinois has become synonymous with
political corruption. Just look at our track record of governors: four out of
the last seven have been to prison (or are still in prison). And that's just our
governors; we don't want to get into U.S. representatives, state
representatives, aldermen or even small-town comptrollers.

Illinois figures prominently in this study on political corruption in the U.S.
from Indiana University and the University of Hong Kong. Using data from more
than 25,000 convictions of elected officials for violations of federal
corruption laws between the years of 1976 to 2008, combined with an analysis of
state spending, the researchers came up with a corruption scale that ranks
states for corruption. Illinois made the Top 10. Here's the list and a map of
the results:

Top 10 most corrupt states in the U.S.

1. Mississippi

2. Louisiana

3. Tennessee

4. Illinois

5. Pennsylvania

6. Alabama

7. Alaska

8. South Dakota

9. Kentucky

10. Florida

map via Governing.com

http://www.rebootillinois.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/corruption-map.jpg

How do the most corrupt states spend their money?

States with higher levels of corruption are likely to spend more money on:

--Construction -- Specifically on large, complicated projects that make it hard
for the public to follow.

--Salaries -- More public servants that are well-paid

--Corrections and police protection

And most importantly: 9 out of the 10 most corrupt states (except South Dakota)
spend more money than the least corrupt states.

However, these same states tend to spend less money on:

--Education

--Healthcare and Hospitals

--Welfare

What is the explanation behind this pattern of spending? Indiana University's
John Mikesell, the co-author of the study, said this is because human services
programs hinder the collection of bribes.

How much is this costing us, the Illinois taxpayers?

About $1,308 per year. But that's not all, according to former federal
prosecutor for the Northern District of Illinois, Sergio Acosta, there's a
hidden cost to corruption and our pay-to-play culture and that is killing
Illinois' jobs and business climate. We shouldn't be too surprised that the
business developers, who want to play fair, aren't exactly jumping at the
opportunity to experience the "Chi-town Shakedown."

How can we stop this crippling cycle of corruption?

Here are a few ways that are a good place to start:

--Hold our politicians accountable and demand answers. We hired them, they work
for us, we pay their salaries.

--Demand transparency from our state government, and all of its boards. We don't
need another Metra scandal.

--End tax breaks for big corporations. This just plays into our shakedown
culture.

--We need more details on politicians' finances.

Madison Bondi is Reboot's outreach manager. Formerly with BCV, an award-winning
social media management firm, Bondi has experience in public relations and in
building digital communities and brands. Check out Bondi's work, erasing the
mystique of social media and revealing how candidates can use it to their
advantage with our weekly Buzz-Meter. You can find Reboot on Facebook at and on
Twitter @rebootillinois. Her email is Madison.Bondi@rebootillinois.com

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2014 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140611-2IL-The-10-Most-Corrupt-States-in-the-U-S-0611-20140611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2014

                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 16, 2009 Friday

Paper says official corruption in Afghan government undermines US efforts

LENGTH: 622 words


Text of editorial entitled: "Increasing forces in the presence of official
corruption is not workable" by Afghan independent secular daily newspaper
Hasht-e Sobh on 15 October

Some foreign media outlets report that official corruption in the Afghan
government has frustrated Gen [Stanley] McChrystal [the commander of US and NATO
forces in Afghanistan]. The Newsweek and Associated Press (AP) report that
McChrystal has come to a conclusion that even the deployment of 80,000
additional troops to Afghanistan will possibly derail the fight against
Al-Qa'idah and the Taleban to a wrong direction due to rampant official
corruption in the country. It is astonishing that Mr McChrystal has earlier
described an increase in the number of military forces as a key for present
problems in Afghanistan and success in the fight against terrorism. Hence, it
has been ordered to send 13,000 additional troops to Afghanistan while it has
been decided that more forces should be sent to the country after the
announcement of the final election results.

It is obvious that rampant official corruption in Afghanistan is considered as
one of the main factors behind the failure in the fight against the Taleban and
Al-Qa'idah, but if attention is paid to the issue, foreigners have also
encouraged, supported and expanded official corruption in the country.
McChrystal has reportedly proposed three options, which start from 80,000 troops
and end to 10,000 or 15,000 and according to American officials, each of the
options has a risk of failure.

Actually, every military scheme has its specific risks and failure, but when it
is said it has a risk of failure, it means the new scheme is also a punch in the
darkness and it should be placed beside other schemes, which have been announced
every now and then aimed at creating a false hope. Meanwhile, a US military
official said that discussions were under way by the Obama administration about
sending enough forces to Afghanistan to overcome corruption and restore the
government's legitimacy in the country. But it is not clear that how an increase
in the number of military forces will address corruption or maintain the Afghan
government's legitimacy.

What could restore legitimacy of the Afghan government was the election, which
was seriously upset and it seems that the USA with all its other powers will not
be able to repair the upset caused to the election. If the USA had wanted to do
something in this regard, it should have taken steps earlier. On the other hand,
if the USA aims that it can give legitimacy to the government by supporting and
strengthening the Afghan government, it will be possible if the next government
is interested in improving the people's living conditions and if it takes
practical steps to observe justice, law and legal values, human rights and other
civil values.

One of the main factors of expanding government's illegitimacy is the existence
of corruption inside the government and the main factor of corruption is the
existence of culture of immunity, which has been turned into an unapproved law
by the former [present] administration. And this occurred because the government
has not launched a visible and effective programme to maintain transitional
justice.

The USA can strengthen the government's legitimacy on the condition that it
should not target this or that and it should support natures and values, which
guarantee the Afghan people's requirements and desires. Otherwise, any support
by any power and government cannot give legitimacy to the government, which has
no legitimacy in the people's conscience and opinion. Perhaps these efforts
could give it an emergency legitimacy due to helplessness.

Source: Hasht-e Sobh, Kabul, in Dari 15 Oct 09 p 2

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

In U.S. Chicago's Judicial District Has The Most Corruption

LENGTH: 431  words


To many, Chicago politics are identical with corruption whether it's of the
bribery, tax evasion or senate seat-selling flavour. On Thursday the University
of Illinois, Chicago has taken note, naming Chicago the corruption capital of
America for a second year in a report released Thursday.


Looking at an analysis of Department of Justice public corruption conviction
statistics for 2013, the most recent data available, Chicago's judicial
district, which includes Cook County and 17 other Northern Illinois counties,
came out on top with the most corruption scandals of any district in the
country. Our tally: 45 public corruption convictions in 2013 alone and 1,642
convictions over the past 38 years.
Most probably there was no need to rig this contest. While Chicago took top
honors, Illinois is only the third-most corrupt state when viewing statewide
data. New York earned the distinction of most-corrupt state with 2,657 public
corruption convictions from 1976 to 2013. California came in second with 2,549
convictions and Illinois came in third with 1,982.
Chicago's corruption problem is steeped into the city's lore and frequently
serves as comedic fodder but the researchers want to remind us that it isn't a
laughing matter.
"Corruption is not funny and it is not free. Its costs are steep," the report
reads. "We all pay a staggeringly high corruption tax and we suffer from
diminished government services."
Thomas Gradel and Dick Simpson, two of the report's authors, estimate that
corruption costs Illinois about $500 million a year. The number is staggering
even when broken down into some of the city and state's biggest recent scandals.
The "Hired Truck" scandal cost taxpayers $15 million per year over ten years,
the report says, while police corruption, including the $100 million in Jon
Burge lawsuit settlements and the planned "reparations fund," costs about $50
million a year.
The study authors have an eight-step program for fighting public corruption:
- Demand more transparency and accountability;
- Hire more inspectors general, including suburban inspectors general;
- Provide a new program of civic education in schools by passing the law pending
in the state legislature;
- Encourage more citizen participation in government and politics by moving the
date of the

primary;
- Adopt public financing for political campaigns;
- Elect better public officials;
- Change how we remap legislative districts and adopt term limits for elected
officials; and

- End political machines and change Illinois' culture of corruption. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Journal of Jefferson Parish

                                  July 6, 2007

Commentary: Louisiana no longer corners corruption market

BYLINE: Deon Roberts

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 376  words


Louisiana has tried to shed its corrupt image, especially since Hurricane
Katrina.

Following Katrina, citizens led a movement to get rid of the archaic
seven-assessor system in New Orleans.

Since Katrina, the Recovery School District has opened more than two dozen
public schools in Orleans Parish. RSD, operated by the Louisiana Department of
Education, was created in 2005 to take over 102 failing public schools from the
much-maligned Orleans Parish School Board.

Also since the storm, New Orleans hired an inspector general to root out
government corruption and waste.

True, we have a long way to go.

But it's time for the rest of the nation to stop pretending Louisiana has
cornered the market on corruption.

For example, I recently read a story in The Christian Science Monitor on how
private dollars are leading the post-Katrina recovery in New Orleans.

The story refers to "famously corrupt southern Louisiana. "

This story ran the same day the Bush administration said it is not ruling out a
full pardon of former White House aide Lewis "Scooter" Libby, who was convicted
of a felony following the 2003 leak of the identity of CIA operative Valerie
Plame.

I'm not saying Bush is corrupt for considering a pardon. Rather, I bring up the
Libby case to point out that stories of corruption investigations don't flow
exclusively from Louisiana.

Washington, D.C., has had its fair share of scandals in recent years. What about
the indictment of former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Texas, who was
accused of illegal campaign funding activities? Then there's former lobbyist
Jack Abramoff, who last year pleaded guilty to kickback and fraud charges.

What about former President Bill Clinton and his sexual relationship with Monica
Lewinsky?

Yes, Louisiana does claim former Gov. Edwin Edwards, who is serving time for
racketeering charges.

But there have been more reports of corruption coming from Washington in recent
years than from Louisiana. We're not the only state with less than honorable
politicians.

Connecticut, Mississippi and New Jersey are also referred to as corrupt states.
For that matter, show me a state that has never had a case of political
corruption.

If Louisiana doesn't watch out, its "famously corrupt" label could be stolen by
another state.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             January 8, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Democratic Leader Takes Anti-Corruption Message to GOP Turf

BYLINE: Chris Cillizza

SECTION: A Section; A04 , SUNDAYPOLITICS Chris Cillizza

LENGTH: 825 words


Harry M. Reid is heading into the belly of the beast.

The Senate minority leader will spend much of this week traveling to "red
states"  --  those that  voted for George W. Bush in 2004  --  to campaign for
candidates, raise cash and bash Republicans on the issue of corruption.

Dubbed by his office "Reid's Red State Tour," the three-day journey will take
the Nevada senator through Arizona, Colorado, Utah, Idaho and Nebraska. He will
be in Phoenix and Denver on Tuesday, Salt Lake City and Pocatello on Wednesday
and Omaha on Thursday. It is one of several such campaign swings Reid has
planned between now and the November midterm elections, according to his office.

In each state Reid will conduct events seeking to highlight the need to "restore
honest leadership in Washington, D.C.," said his spokesman Jim Manley.

But Reid also has a pecuniary motive.   He plans to raise money for the
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee at each of his five stops.

Take, for example, his jaunt to Nebraska. According to an itinerary of the
visit, Reid will join Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) to "send a strong message that
Americans don't have to accept more of the same corruption and cronyism that
pervades Washington today." Left off the itinerary is a DSCC event in Omaha
hosted by Reid that Nelson plans to attend.

With official Washington clamoring to deal with the fallout from last week's
plea agreement by fallen lobbyist Jack Abramoff, Reid's trip comes at an
opportune time for a party whose members are seeking to cast themselves as
outsiders to corruption.

"Americans everywhere want elected officials who will fight for them,"  Reid
said. "We're ready to clean up Washington, and we're going to make our case
across this country."

Republican National Committee spokeswoman Tracey Schmitt drew a different
conclusion when informed of Reid's travels.

"You can take Harry Reid out of Washington, but you can't take the Washington
out of Harry Reid," Schmitt said. "Does he plan to brag about killing the
Patriot Act or shutting down the United States Senate?"

Meanwhile, back in Sin City, the Senate minority leader confirmed last week that
he has spoken to Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman (D) about  possibly challenging
Sen. John Ensign (R-Nev.) in 2006.

Harry M. Reid told the Associated Press that he was "happy to give [Goodman] any
advice or counsel that he needs or wants."  Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.),
chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, has also spoken with
Goodman about a potential candidacy. Jack Carter, son of former president Jimmy
Carter, is also considering a bid against Ensign.

DSCC spokesman Phil Singer said Goodman and Carter are "quality" candidates, and
pointed to a Zogby International poll conducted online last fall that showed
Ensign with a 45 percent to 42.5 percent edge over Goodman. "If Ensign thought
he'd have an easy ride in 2006, he was mistaken," Singer added.

"We're very confident that Senator Ensign will be reelected based on his strong
record in the Senate and the great work he has done for the state of Nevada,"
responded National Republican Senatorial Committee spokesman Brian Nick.

A Goodman Senate bid would set off a political circus worthy of a Vegas casino.

Long before being elected mayor in 1999, Goodman was a high-profile  --  and
controversial  --  figure in Las Vegas as the lead attorney for a number of
high-profile Mafia figures, including Meyer Lansky and Tony "The Ant" Spilotro.
Goodman has embraced the "what happens here stays here" motto of his city as its
mayor  --  he is regularly accompanied by showgirls and has a weak spot for
Elvis impersonators.

Putting aside Goodman's flamboyant personality, if Reid is seen as advocating a
bid by the mayor it could signal a break in the unstated truce that has been in
effect between him  and Ensign since Ensign won a Senate seat in 2000. Asked
whether Reid was encouraging Goodman to enter  the race, spokeswoman Tessa Hafen
said  --  carefully  --  that the minority leader  "was not trying to convince
Goodman to run."

Seeking to right his presidential bid after a calamitous 2005, Senate Majority
Leader Bill Frist will headline the Lincoln-Reagan Day Dinner in Hampstead,
N.H., on Feb. 3.

The visit to the Granite State  --  home of the first-in-the-nation presidential
primary  --  will be the Tennessee Republican's  second since early December,
when  he made stops in Manchester, Concord and Portsmouth.

With Frist beginning his final year in the Senate, expect his attentions to turn
more and more to the presidential race. In an e-mail sent last week from his
Volunteer PAC leadership committee, Frist urged supporters to attend a
presidential 2008 straw poll to be at the Southern Republican Leadership
Conference in Memphis   in March.

Cillizza is a staff writer for washingtonpost.com. His online column on
politics, The Fix, appears daily at www.washingtonpost.com/thefix.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post

                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Editorial: Not the list we want to be on

BYLINE: The Evening Sun

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 504 words


Mississippi, Louisiana, Tennessee, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Alabama, Alaska,
South Dakota, Kentucky and Florida. What do these states have in common?

Hint: It's a top 10 list.

Unfortunately, the criteria is not "quality of life." Nor is it "economic
prosperity" or "lowest cost of government."

Sadly, it's "most corrupt state governments in America," according to a recent
study published in Public Administration Review.

And there we are, right in the thick of the top (or maybe we should say bottom)
10 list.

Louisiana is legendary for its public corruption.

Illinois has   how many former governors in jail?

But Pennsylvania is right in there with the worst of them -- possibly as a
result of fallout from the Bonusgate probes. Corruption of government officials
is annoying. It's embarrassing. But worst of all, it's expensive.

The study said corruption costs citizens about $1,308 per person more in the
most corrupt states than in states with average corruption.

Average corruption. That's a strange term. How about no corruption?

That's probably not possible, given the human condition.

But it does seem like governments can be set up for success or failure by their
systemic checks and balances designed to prevent the possibility of corruption
-- or to police and prosecute it.

And Pennsylvania has a threadbare integrity net.

We've seen that recently in the debate over gifts for elected officials.

In Philadelphia, lawmakers were alleged to have taken gifts in a sting
operation. But amazingly, the gifts were not illegal, according to state law.

We need to crack down on that -- either banning or severely curtailing the size
and scope of allowed gifts.

There are many things lawmakers could do to improve public integrity -- and
public confidence.

- Reform the per diem system that allows lawmakers to charge taxpayers flat
rates for expenses without receipts. They need a voucher and reimbursement
system like most businesses use.

- Limit campaign contributions. There are virtually no limits on donations to
state campaigns now.

- Lobbyist reforms and full disclosure rules.

Sen. Rob Teplitz, D-parts of northern York County, recently created a
"Government Reform Caucus" pushing for a long list of reforms: Independent
audits of the General Assembly, elimination of annual legislative COLAs,
suspension of pay for late budget, no lame-duck sessions, open primaries, etc.

We'd like to see more (or all) York County lawmakers listed among that caucus.

Granted, the Bonusgate probe, which resulted in many lawmakers being jailed,
sent a shockwave through the ranks of public officials. We have to believe -- or
hope -- that they are, as group, behaving better as a result.

But we really need systemic good government measures in place to remove
opportunities or temptations to corruption. It's embarrassing.

It results in lousy governance and inefficient public services.

And we just can't afford it. Who wants to spend an extra $1,300 a year for
crappy government?

Pennsylvania needs to get out of that top 10 list as quickly as possible.



LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           December 13, 2008 Saturday

Long, colourful tradition of low standards in high places

SECTION: WORLD; Other World Stories; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 633 words


AMERICA LETTER:Illinois is not the only state to have produced its share of
political corruption scandals, writes  Denis Staunton

THE ARREST of Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich this week has reminded Americans
that, as well as sending Abraham Lincoln and Barack Obama to Washington, the
state has produced some of the most colourful corruption scandals in political
history.

The news of Blagojevich's arrest would have reached his predecessor George Ryan
in the federal prison at Terre Haute, where he is serving a six-year stretch for
racketeering, bribery and extortion.

Robert Grant, head of the FBI's Chicago office, said on Tuesday that he was
often asked if Illinois was more corrupt than any other state but until now he
had been reluctant to make comparisons.

"If it isn't the most corrupt state in the United States," he said, "it's
certainly one hell of a competitor."

Three recent Illinois governors have been jailed for corruption but the
tradition of graft stretches back to the Civil War. It was immortalised in
Preston Sturges's 1940 film The Great McGinty, in which a hobo rises through
Chicago's machine politics to govern the state.

A USA Today survey of political convictions over the past decade found this week
that, on a per capita basis, Illinois ranks just 18th in a list led by sparsely
populated North Dakota. North Dakota legislators say the survey's methodology
gives an unfair picture because the arrest of a few school board officials and
other low-ranking public figures a few years ago distorted the state's generally
virtuous record.

Few would dispute Alaska's claim to second place on the list, however, following
the conviction of outgoing senator Ted Stevens a few weeks ago on multiple fraud
charges. Stevens and other senior figures in Alaska politics had taken favours
from oil companies in return for access to lucrative drilling licences.

Louisiana, which takes third place on the USA Today list, has a long tradition
of upholding exceptionally low standards in high places. Robert Penn Warren's
novel All the King's Men told the story of a populist politician based on Huey
Long, who slid into corruption and was shot dead in 1935.

William Jefferson, the Louisiana congressman who was indicted last year on
racketeering and bribery charges, was a less significant political figure than
Long. Jefferson, who lost his seat this year, will probably be best remembered
for the $90,000 the FBI says it found in his freezer.

John Ford's The Last Hurrah stars Spencer Tracy as a machine politician who
becomes mayor of a big city in the northeast. The city is not identified but it
looks very like Boston. It, like Chicago, has long known the murky side of
politics.

Boston's most notorious mayor was Galway-born James Michael Curley, who became
governor of Massachusetts and had the distinction of remaining in public office
through two prison terms.

There have been a number of notable cases of low standards in high places in
Massachusetts.

Few were more colourful than that of state senator Dianne Wilkerson, who was
arrested in October on charges of taking more than $23,000 in bribes.

Ms Wilkerson, who denies all charges, was photographed apparently stuffing cash
up her sweater and into her bra after prosecutors say she accepted a $1,000
bribe from a constituent who wanted her help getting an alcohol licence for a
nightclub.

Another scandal involving a Massachusetts politician prompted the following
correction to be published in the New York Times yesterday.

"An article on Thursday about scandals among state legislators in Massachusetts
misidentified the home town of James Marzilli, who was charged in June with
trying to grope a woman on a park bench. Mr Marzilli, who was a state senator at
the time, is from Arlington - not Lowell, which is where he was arrested."

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 3:44 PM GMT

Live Q&A: What role can technology play in fighting corruption?;
Join an expert panel on Thursday 12 May to discuss how technology can improve
how governments track and tackle corruption

BYLINE: Rachel Banning-Lover

SECTION: GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT PROFESSIONALS NETWORK

LENGTH: 665 words


Next Thursday, Prime Minister David Cameron will host a landmark international
anti-corruption summit in London. There are high hopes for the conference, but
after the Panama Papers revelations and the fact that only four countries are
rated as 'active enforcers' of the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, there's a lot
of work to do.

While the PM will focus on getting countries such as Brazil, South Africa and
Russia (that are facing their own corruption allegations) to sign up to an
international anti-corruption body, there's already a series of interesting
technological initiatives tackling corruption at a grassroots level.

Over 81,000 reports have been made to I Paid a Bribe, a special website for
whistleblowers in India. Not in My Country guides students in Uganda and Kenya
through the complaint process for reporting lecturers for corruption, and
(EURO)5m of corruption involving Greek civil servants has been uncovered through
the website EdosaFakelaki.

But how do we transform this body of stories  into real change? How can
initiatives like those above be scaled up? And how can technology be used at a
national and international level to help governments track and act on corruption
?

Join an expert panel on Thursday 12 May, 1-3pm BST, to discuss these questions
and more.

Panel

Steve Goodrich, senior researcher, Transparency International UK, London, UK
@SteveJGoodrich @TransparencyUK                     Steve is senior researcher
at the UK chapter of a global anti-corruption movement that has over 100 local
groups throughout the world.

Kwami Ahiabenu II, executive director, Penplusbytes, Accra, Ghana @kwamigh
@penplusbytes                     Kwami works to promote journalistic innovation
and good governance across Africa through the effective use of ICT.

Shqipe Neziri Vela, manager of the Anti-Corruption Programme at UNDP Kosovo,
Prishtina, Kosovo @Shqipe_Neziri @UNDP_Kosovo                     Shqipe manages
UNDP Kosovo's anti-corruption efforts focusing on institutional transparency,
sectoral assessments & using ICT to fight corruption.

Hari Mulukutla, managing director, Stream House, New York, United States
Hari advises countries on anti-corruption and asset recovery strategies, policy
and technology at an anti-corruption and asset recovery consulting firm.

Iker Lekuona, senior manager, Adam Smith International, Kampala, Uganda
@AdamSmithInt                     Iker is a public sector governance specialist
with eight years experience designing and implementing accountability projects
in Africa and Latin America.

Reverend David Ugolor, executive director, Africa Network for Environment and
Economic Justice (ANEEJ), Benin City, Nigeria                     David has over
10 years experience tackling corruption, from chairing Publish What You Pay to
leading the Nigeria Civil Society Network on Stolen Assets.

Georg Neumann, senior manager, Open Contracting Partnership, Washington DC, USA
@georg_neu @opencontracting                     Georg focuses on technology and
anticorruption. He previously worked at Transparency International and the
Inter-American Development Bank.

Ruba Ishak, senior research assistant, The One Campaign, London, UK @ishakruba
@ONEcampaignUK                     Ruba was behind The One Campaign's Follow the
Money map, advocating for governments and companies to share more open data on
their budgets and taxes.

More panelists to be announced.

The live chat is not video or audio-enabled but will take place in the comments
section (below). Get in touch via globaldevpros@theguardian.com or @GuardianGDP
on Twitter to recommend someone for our expert panel. Follow the discussion
using the hashtag #globaldevlive.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     July 18, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

FANFARE

BYLINE: HERALD NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; FANFARE; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 326 words


CHARGES DROPPED

Domestic battery charges against Chicago Bulls star Scottie Pippen were dropped
Monday after his former fiance failed to appear for the trial.

"The state was not in position to proceed without her testimony, so the case was
dismissed," said Claudia Kasten, an assistant state lawyer in Waukegan, Ill.

Pippen, 29, was charged May 19 with two misdemeanor counts of domestic battery
after his then-fiancee, Yvette DeLeone, told police Pippen had grabbed her arm
and shoved her against a vehicle during a quarrel at the basketball player's
suburban Chicago home.

SOCCER CORRUPTION

Bribes totalling $ 734,700 US purchased the outcome of 13 matches in last year's
Premier League soccer tournament in Malaysia, an official said Monday. Ghazali
Yacob, chairman of the Asian Football Confederation's Anti-Corruption Committee
released the figure, but would not provide details.

Since an investigation into soccer corruption began nearly a year ago, 58
players have been banned from the sport for one to five years. Another 21 who
confessed to accepting money to fix matches were banished to remote areas.

The committee of the AFC, soccer's governing body in Asia, decided at its
meeting in Kuala Lumpur Monday to recommend that all players convicted of
bribery and fixing matches should be banned from playing or coaching for life,
Ghazali said.

YACHTING REUNION

Veteran yachtsman Hans Fogh of Toronto has his sights set on a seventh Olympics
and he's joining forces with a crew mate of 20 years ago in hopes of achieving
his goal.

Fogh, now 57, and John Kerr formed one of the most successful teams in Canadian
sailing for more than 20 years, winning numerous international competitions,
including a bronze medal in the Soling class at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics.

"I hadn't been in a boat for 10 years, but we got together for a competition in
the States a few weeks ago and everything clicked," says Kerr, 43.


LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: $500,000 in corrupt assets seized from former Republic of Korea
president following joint HSI, FBI investigation

LENGTH: 706  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A seizure warrant issued by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania was unsealed Wednesday, announcing the seizure of approximately
$500,000 in assets traceable to corruption proceeds accumulated by Chun Doo
Hwan, the former president of the Republic of Korea. This seizure brings the
total value of seized corruption proceeds of President Chun to more than $1.2
million.

The investigation leading up to the seizure was conducted jointly by U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI) Philadelphia, HSI Attaché Seoul, the FBI Kleptocracy Program of the
International Corruption Unit within the Criminal Investigation Division, and
the FBI's West Covina Resident Agency of the Los Angeles Division.

"Our country will not be used by corrupt foreign leaders to conceal the illicit
profits of their crimes," said HSI Executive Associate Director Peter T. Edge.
"We will continue to work with our international law enforcement partners to
ensure that such individuals are held accountable and that the assets are
returned to their rightful owners."

"Chun Doo Hwan orchestrated a vast campaign of corruption while serving as
Korea's president," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division. "President Chun amassed more than $200 million
in bribes while in office, and he and his relatives systematically laundered
these funds through a complex web of transactions in the United States and
Korea. Today's seizure underscores how the Criminal Division's Kleptocracy
Initiative - working in close collaboration with our law enforcement partners
across the globe - will use every available means to deny corrupt foreign
officials and their relatives safe haven for their assets in the United States."

The court unsealed an application filed on Aug. 22 by the Justice Department to
seize an investment by former President Chun's daughter-in-law in a Pennsylvania
limited partnership worth approximately $500,000. In February, the department
obtained a court order from the Central District of California seizing $726,000
in proceeds from the sale of a residence located in Newport Beach, California,
that President Chun's son, Chun Jae Yong, purchased in 2005 with proceeds
allegedly traceable to his father's corruption.

As alleged in the government's application for a seizure warrant and supporting
affidavit, President Chun was convicted in Korea in 1997 of receiving more than
$200 million in bribes from Korean businesses and companies. President Chun and
his relatives laundered some of these corruption proceeds through a web of
nominees and shell companies in both Korea and the United States.

The United States is working closely with the Republic of Korea's Supreme
Prosecutor's Office-Anti-Corruption Supervisory Division, the Ministry of
Justice's International Criminal Affairs Division and the Seoul Central District
Public Prosecutor's Foreign Criminal Affairs Department to forfeit these
corruption proceeds.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative by a team
of dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section, working in partnership with federal law enforcement agencies
to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where appropriate,
return those proceeds to benefit the people harmed by these acts of corruption
and abuse of office. Individuals with information about possible proceeds of
foreign corruption located in or laundered through the United States should
contact federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov

The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Woo S. Lee and Della Sentilles
of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, with
substantial support from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of
California, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
and the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 19, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Cops taught how to walk straight, narrowNYC academy takes aim at corruption

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- The first 1,800 officers graduated from a retooled
New York Police Academy on Monday, completing one of the most
ambitious anti-corruption training programs in the nation.

The goal is to make the academy revered as "the West Point of
American policing" by pre-empting corruption, says Inspector
Thomas Belfiore.

The revamped program is part of New York's response to the city's
worst police corruption scandal in a generation. It's the biggest
test yet of whether police training academies can deter corruption
or whether character, morals and the daily temptations confronted
on the street are beyond the influence of the classroom.


Ten months ago, after leading the corruption probe of the 30th
Precinct that led to action against 29 rogue officers, Belfiore
was given a tougher assignment: Use everything he learned to make
the next generation of cops corruption-resistant.

"Every part of them, including their integrity, has got to be
right to provide the consumer . . . with a product they can count
on for 20 years," he says.

What happens to New York's newest officers will be closely watched
by police nationwide looking for ways to restore public trust
in the wake of major misconduct scandals in Philadelphia, New
Orleans and Los Angeles.

"That's almost unheard of," says University of Maryland professor
Lawrence Sherman about the field-training program.

"To take someone from that kind of investigation and put them
in charge of the academy sends a message in itself. Other times,
you might have been a pariah in the department," he added.

In the past, when recruits left the academy, "they really weren't
ready for what's out in the field," says Belfiore. Veterans disparaged
academy training as irrelevant and out of touch.

That had to change. So, after the usual six months in the academy,
this class of officers was sent into the streets with instructors
for four weeks to learn how officers interact with the public.

They were then brought back for two months, where instructors
got another crack at reinforcing earlier warnings. The message:
"Listen to what we teach you about integrity or you might go
to prison," says James O'Keefe, training director.

Officers received an unprecedented 113 hours of anti-corruption
training -- one-eighth of all training time.

Still, some criminologists doubt police academies can deter corruption.

"There's not one shred of evidence that you can train police
to stay honest," says criminologist Lawrence Sherman of the University
of Maryland.

Belfiore says those reservations have some foundation. Referring
to officers who'd beaten drug dealers and robbed them of cocaine
and weapons for resale, he said, "I could train them for 20 years
and it wouldn't make a difference."

Most cops convicted in recent years, though, weren't found guilty
of beating people up or stealing drugs; they were guilty of lying
under oath or hiding illegal searches, sometimes in hopes of putting
"real" criminals in jail.

"Those are the ones we can get" to reject corruption, Belfiore
says.

The New York Police Department has toughened its standards for
the next entering class by:

-- Raising the minimum age from 20 to 22.

-- Requiring 60 college credits or two years of military service,
instead of a high school diploma or equivalency.

Passing scores have been increased from 65 to 70 and physical
requirements have been stiffened.

Eighty-seven percent of the 88 cops charged with serious crimes
over the last four years would not have been hired by the department
under the new standards, says personnel chief Michael Markman.

Belfiore also sees a need to change a police culture that punishes
officers who report police misconduct. This graduating class was
not given traditional scare lectures by Internal Affairs officers.
Instead, regular academy instructors gave them.

"They make it clear, if you do anything wrong you're going to
get caught," says graduating officer Colleen Ommundsen, 30, of
Mastic, N.Y.

Discussions were held on how bad cops tarnish the badge, weaken
police authority in the streets and destroy credibility in the
courts. And the trainees also were drilled in the importance of
intervening when other officers are out of line, says Dwayne Davis,
27, of the Bronx.

"If you don't, you'll be held liable."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Bob Strong(2); 'West Point of policing': Along with
traditional police academy classes like physical education, this class got 113
hours of anti-corruption training.Belfiore: Academy's objective is to prevent
corruption

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 2, 2006, Saturday

National briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6B

LENGTH: 690 words


Bird flu suspected in Maryland wild ducks

WASHINGTON - Testing found suspected bird flu in nine Maryland ducks, but
federal officials said Friday it is not the deadly Asian version that they fear
could reach North America.

Initial genetic testing suggested the nine wild mallards carried the mostly
harmless, low-pathogenic strain of the H5N1 virus, officials from the
Agriculture and Interior departments said. The results of confirmatory tests
should be available in two weeks, they said.

University researchers collected fecal samples from the birds on Aug. 2 in Queen
Anne's County, Md., for testing. USDA officials said the ducks appeared to be
healthy, which would further suggest they were not carrying the high-pathogenic
strain of the H5N1 influenza virus.

Ex-mayor convicted in corruption case

MOBILE, Ala. - A federal court jury convicted a former mayor of Orange Beach,
the city attorney and a developer Friday on most of the wire fraud and mail
fraud charges against them in what prosecutors called corruption in Gulf resort
real estate deals.

Former Mayor Steve Russo was also found guilty of diverting campaign funds to
personal use and obstructing justice.

The jury found Russo not guilty on three wire fraud counts in the public
corruption case involving City Attorney Larry Sutley and developer Ken Wall.
Sutley was convicted on eight counts and found not guilty on three counts. Wall
was convicted on six wire fraud counts and found not guilty on five others.

Assaulted women to testify in N.D. trial

FARGO, N.D. - Two women assaulted more than 30 years ago by a man found guilty
of killing a University of North Dakota student will be allowed to testify
before jurors who will decide whether he should receive the death penalty.

U.S. District Judge Ralph Erickson ruled Thursday to allow the testimony during
the penalty phase of the trial of Alfonso Rodriguez Jr., who was convicted a day
earlier of a charge of kidnapping that resulted in a death.

It's the first capital punishment case in North Dakota in more than 100 years.

Rodriguez, 53, of Crookston, Minn., was accused of kidnapping Dru Sjodin from
the parking lot of a Grand Forks shopping mall in November 2003. The 22-year-old
college student's body was found the following April in a ravine near Crookston.

Two women testified during Rodriguez's trial that they were attacked by him in
1974. The women were assaulted a month apart and Rodriguez was convicted in both
cases of rape and attempted rape.

U.S. test missile hits target over Pacific

LOS ANGELES - An interceptor missile destroyed a mock warhead over the Pacific
Ocean on Friday in a key test of the nation's missile defense system, officials
said. It was the most realistic test of the systems that would be used against
an attack, said Missile Defense Agency spokesman Rick Lehner.

The 54-foot interceptor shot out of an underground silo at Vandenberg Air Force
Base on the central California coast at 10:39 a.m., 17 minutes after the mock
warhead was launched from Kodiak Island, Alaska, Lehner said.

The interceptor carried a refrigerator-sized "kill vehicle" that locked on to
the approaching mock enemy missile and flew into the 4-foot-long warhead at
18,000 mph.

Lehner said both disintegrated more than 100 miles above the Earth and a few
hundred miles west of Vandenberg. The interceptor's flight lasted 13 minutes.

Federal review finds mercury fillings safe

WASHINGTON - Silver fillings used to patch cavities aren't dangerous even though
they expose dental patients to the toxic metal mercury, federal health
researchers said Friday.

The Food and Drug Administration reviewed 34 recent research studies and found
"no significant new information" that would change its determination that
mercury-based fillings don't harm patients, except in rare cases where they have
allergic reactions.

The FDA released a draft of its review ahead of a two-day meeting next week to
discuss the safety of mercury used in dentistry.

Consumer groups opposed to its use disputed the FDA's conclusions. The groups
plan to petition the agency for an immediate ban on use of the cavity-filler in
pregnant women.

Compiled from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers

                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            South China Morning Post

                                December 3, 2003

Still corrupt - but not as much

BYLINE: Frank Ching

SECTION: NEWS; Middle Kingdom; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 779 words


Last March, Xiao Yang, president of the Supreme People's Court, reported that
more than 83,000 Chinese officials had been found guilty of corruption in the
past five years. In the months since then, the Minister of Land and Resources
has been dismissed over allegations of corruption and two provincial party
secretaries accused of corruption have lost their jobs. Clearly, corruption
continues to be a serious problem.

And yet, despite all the adverse publicity, there are signs that the central
government and the Communist Party are slowly making headway.

Signs of progress can be seen in China's rankings by Transparency International,
the Berlin-based international nongovernmental body devoted to combating
corruption. In 1995, the first year the group published its rankings, China
received a score of 2.16 on a scale of 10, with 10 being very clean and zero
highly corrupt.

The following year, China scored 2.43, still very low but clearly an
improvement. In 1997, China moved higher still, to 2.88, and in 1998, China
reached its highest score of 3.5. In the years since then, China has hovered in
that range, scoring 3.5 last year and dropping slightly, to 3.4, this year.

So, the situation has improved substantially. Professor Dali Yang, of the
University of Chicago, who tracks corruption in China, said that "China still
looks bad, but it is not becoming worse". According to Professor Yang,
corruption was the foremost public issue in the late 1990s, but by 2001, it had
receded in importance.

The Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, the party's anti-corruption
body, published a survey in the late 1990s showing that the majority of people
felt the central government could not deal effectively with corruption. After
that, the commission stopped releasing the findings of such surveys. However,
this year, it resumed making data available, indicating that the situation has
improved. Surveys by the commission and other bodies show that, while the level
of corruption is still high by global standards, it has receded as an issue for
the average Chinese.

Recently, even the nine members of the Standing Committee of the Politburo - the
country's most powerful body - agreed to submit themselves to supervision by the
disciplinary commission. "There is a trend for the CCDI to be more independent,
but not as independent as Hong Kong's Independent Commission Against Corruption
," Professor Yang said. President Hu Jintao "is a tougher corruption fighter,
willing to make examples", he said, while former president Jiang Zemin was "more
of a compromiser".

Interestingly, the Asian financial crisis appears to have played a key role in
the battle.  Since then, a combination of a political will to crack down on
corruption and the creation of new institutions and mechanisms have combined to
make it a little more difficult for officials to be corrupted.

While in the past, people could open bank accounts using false names, this is
now forbidden. All new accounts must use real names. All land for commercial use
must now go through a public auction, minimising the discretionary power of
officials. And, in terms of government procurement, increasingly competitive
bidding is required for things like provision of office supplies or school
uniforms. The reduction of officials' discretionary power also reduces
opportunities for corruption.

Moreover, governmental and party bodies were told to get out of business as the
party emphasised the need to separate the roles of the government and the
private sector. The military, armed police and judiciary were all told to divest
themselves of business interests. This is almost complete.

Technology also played a role. Computerisation meant that, in many cases, there
was no need for a middle man. And some cities, such as Shanghai, are putting the
results of auctions on websites so that anyone can check. Such initiatives make
it harder for officials to become corrupt.

Perhaps as a result of the crackdown, many corrupt officials have headed
overseas. Shao Daosheng, of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, estimates
that 4,000 people have fled the country, taking with them US$ 600 million worth
of assets. China has also detected the "59 phenomenon". Since officials have to
retire at 60, some try to make a killing before stepping down.

While the situation may have improved somewhat, China still has a long way to
go. With its ranking of 3.4, China is in the same league as Panama, Sri Lanka
and Syria, and way below Hong Kong (8), or Singapore (9.4).

Frank Ching is a Hong Kong-based journalist and commentator

frankching1@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2003 South China Morning Post Ltd.

                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            March 7, 2007 Wednesday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 701 words


PROBES OFF-LIMITS TO POLITICIANS

Regarding "Domenici regrets call to Iglesias" (March 5): New Mexico's United
States Attorney David Iglesias is removed by the current administration under
circumstances that have political fingerprints all over them. Republican Sen.
Pete Domenici has rolled over and admitted he did contact Iglesias about an
ongoing corruption probe of Democrats -- after first saying, "I have no idea
what (Iglesias) is talking about." Congresswoman Heather Wilson soon followed,
as she is Domenici's protégé. Domenici also claims he did not press for
Iglesias' removal. Excuse me for not buying that one either.

Before retirement, I enforced federal law in Ohio, Arizona, Kansas, Iowa,
Nebraska and Missouri. Never in my tenures did our offices get telephone calls
or communications from any elected official regarding our investigations.
Domenici and Wilson's actions are totally unsatisfactory, and my fellow New
Mexicans of all political stripes should be outraged. It's time for us to
consider alternatives for both of them.

Antonio Ortiz

Taos

Corruption blinders?

For a decade, John Dendahl wrote with passion about corruption in New Mexico
government. Before he leaves will he have one last word about the politically
motivated firing of U.S. Attorney David Iglesias or will he ignore corruption if
Republicans are involved? Are his eyes still closed to the cynical cronyism of
the hypocritical Bush regime?

Neal Devitt

Santa Fe

Better street lights

I commend the city of Santa Fe and the Public Service Company of New Mexico for
installing nine new street lights on Cathedral Place and San Francisco Street.
They are historically appropriate and quite attractive, all in all a vast
improvement over the existing downtown street lights. These old lights were
installed in the 1920s and have not aged gracefully. They are badly discolored,
and many are bent over with age, while others obviously have suffered close
encounters of the worst kind with cars.

These new street lights are such an improvement over the old ones that I have
asked the developer for the Cathedral Project to consider them for his new
streetscapes. Why then, are the city and PNM not placing them all around the
Plaza and the streets in the downtown area? Surely our beautiful city deserves
better than the old lights, which have become eyesores. Let there be light!

The Very Rev. Monsignor

Jerome J. Martínez y Alire

Santa Fe

Separate checks

I love Santa Fe's eclectic set of wonderful restaurants.

For such a small city we are unbelievably lucky to have such amazing places to
eat. But many of the restaurateurs seem to have forgotten that their existence
depends upon the customers' good will.

I belong to a number of organizations that regularly host groups of between
10-to-20 for informal lunches and dinners. Often the members of these groups are
paying individually for their own meals.

Why is it so difficult for these afore-mentioned otherwise wonderful
establishments to provide separate checks when requested? On these occasions, we
do not ask for any special prices, just separate checks.

You'd think we'd asked for the solution to world hunger from the horrified
responses we get. What is the problem? Is it too much trouble to actually
accommodate the customer? Thanks very much to those establishments who have
happily accommodated our request. They will get our repeat business.

David King

Santa Fe

United we save

We want to send a message to our community in Santa Fe. We are asking for help
in saving our environment. We live in a very dry place.

Here are some helpful things we can do to save water.

u Take showers instead of baths.

u Save the water we use and use it again to water plants.

u Turn the water off when not using it.

We are also concerned about pollution and litter. We are killing plants, animals
and ourselves. It's time to take action. Imagine how great it would be if we all
walked or biked to school and work, bought bulk, bought local, picked up litter
and turned off the lights. We live in a beautiful place and want to keep it that
way. We must all take action for our future. What we do matters!

Isabel Young de Katona

and the other third- and

fifth-grade students

at Fayette Street Academy

Santa Fe

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The New Mexican

                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                November 8, 2006

Corruption is key concern for US voters

LENGTH: 767 words



HIGHLIGHT: Voters in the US midterm elections today cited the economy,
government corruption and scandal as their main concerns, despite the importance
of the war in Iraq.


Voters in the US midterm elections today cited the economy, government
corruption and scandal as their main concerns, despite the importance of the war
in Iraq.

The issues of corruption and scandal strongly favour the Democrats as they seek
to retake control of Congress and change the US political landscape.

The party is also benefiting from the unpopularity of the war and antipathy
towards the president, George Bush, according to exit polls.

In surveys by the Associated Press and TV networks of voters who had just voted,
two out of three said the war was very important to them and that they were
leaning toward the Democrats. Six out of 10 voters said they disapproved of the
conflict.

Despite Iraq's importance, even more voters said the economy, government
corruption and scandal were very important to their votes.Eight out of 10 said
the economy was very important; while almost as many said corruption and
scandals were very important. Terrorism was held to be at least as important as
Iraq.

The Republicans face the prospect of losing the House of Representatives and -
though this is less likely - the Senate, a move that could mark a decisive shift
in the balance of power towards the Democrats.

There were no surprises in the early results. As the first polls closed, voters
put Vermont's only House seat in the Democratic column, electing the Democrat
Peter Welch to replace Bernard Sanders, an independent who sided with Democrats.
Mr Sanders left the House to run for the Senate, and will take the seat vacated
by retiring independent James Jeffords.

In Kentucky, representative Harold Rogers, a 13-term Republican, and
representative Ben Chandler, a Democrat in his second term, easily won
re-election as expected. So did Republican representative Dan Burton in Indiana.
None of those races was competitive.

Only a third said the war had improved the long-term security of the US. That
figure was down from almost half - 46% - in the 2004 national exit poll.

More than twice as many voters said they felt anger towards the president as
felt enthusiastic about him.

These midterm elections are widely seen as a referendum on Mr Bush, whose
popularity has plummeted because of Iraq. About four in 10 voters approved of
how Mr Bush is handling his job - while slightly more said the same about
Congress.

After doing some hard last-minute campaigning for Republican candidates, the
president switched to cheerleading for democracy after casting his own vote in
Texas.

With his wife, Laura, at his side and an "I voted" sticker on his lapel, he
said, "No matter what your party affiliation, or if you don't have a party
affiliation, do your duty: cast your ballot and let your voice be heard."

Hillary Clinton, running for re-election as senator in New York with an eye on
the 2008 presidential race, voiced her party's campaign mantra of the need for
change - with one qualification. "I voted for change, except for me," she said,
casting her ballot with her former president husband, Bill, in Chappaqua, New
York.

Glitches delayed balloting in dozens of Indiana and Ohio precincts, and Illinois
officials were swamped with calls from voters complaining that poll workers did
not know how to operate new electronic equipment.

The former first daughter Chelsea Clinton ran into polling trouble. Senator
Clinton told reporters Chelsea had been turned away at a Manhattan polling site
because her name did not appear in a book of registered voters.Investigators
determined that her name had been sent to the wrong polling location, so she was
unable to vote in the polling booth. She was offered an affidavit vote, which is
similar to the provisional ballots used in other states.

In the very tight Virginia Senate race, the FBI said it was looking into
complaints that callers had tried to intimidate or confuse voters in the
contest, which pits the Republican George Allen against Jim Webb, the Democrat
challenger.

The state board of elections secretary, Jean Jensen, said her office had
forwarded several reports to the FBI of voters receiving phone calls intended to
discourage them from voting or directing them to the wrong polling place.

"If something is going on that worries and alarms voters enough that I'm
contacted to look into it, I have a responsibility to do that," Ms Jensen said.

The midterm elections have been by far the costliest in US history, with more
than $1.4bn (735m) spent by candidates, parties and interest groups. Much of the
money went on attack commercials on TV - a campaign staple strategists in both
parties said was effective, even though voters said the ads were offensive.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright  2006 Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved

                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans Division

LENGTH: 544  words


FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.


Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New York
Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.
From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director's Award in 2005.
After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda's financial assets.
From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.

In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.
In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi "Baby Shanks" Manocchio.
In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division's counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led the
coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist attacks.
Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.
Mr. Sallet reports to New Orleans in the middle of November. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 22, 2010 Sunday

Observers say Afghanistan needs world's cooperation to fight corruption

LENGTH: 723 words


Text of report by Afghan privately-owned Shamshad TV on 21 August

[Presenter] A number of experts on political affairs and MPs have said that
fighting administrative corruption in Afghanistan needs the international
community's cooperation. They believe that the existence of rampant corruption
in government offices is one of the main reasons for violence in the country.
They made these remarks after President Hamed Karzai vowed at a meeting with US
Senator John Kerry that he would allow the Western-backed anti-corruption units
to operate in Afghanistan, but this should be without any political
interference. The observers regard this as a positive step in the fight against
corruption.

[Correspondent] President Karzai and Senator John Kerry held talks on fighting
corruption in the country. The president promised the senator to let
Western-backed units operate against corruption in Afghanistan, but there should
not be any political interference. A number of observers and MPs regard this as
a positive step in the fight against corruption and emphasize that the world
should take effective steps in the fight against this phenomenon.

MP Dr Abdol Kabir Ranjbar said that corruption would not be curbed by setting up
commissions and visits of foreign officials to Afghanistan. He said that
fighting corruption needed all-out cooperation, and increasing corruption was
the result of a corrupt government in the country.

[MP Abdol Kabir Ranjbar, captioned, talking to a correspondent] Finally, they
came to the conclusion to accept what I said six years ago. I have emphasized
for six or seven years that the existence of a corrupt administration is the
main reason for violence in the country. A corrupt administration cannot ensure
the rule of law.

[Correspondent] Ranjbar said that unless the Afghan government and the
international community appointed honest and worthy individuals in Afghan
offices, it was not possible to curb corruption. MP Malalay Shinwari said that
if there was no political interference, the involvement of the USA and the
international community in the fight against corruption in Afghanistan would be
an effective step. She said that now corruption in Afghan offices had mafia
roots and foreign countries were supporting it.

[MP Malalay Shinwari, captioned, talking to correspondent] The main issue is
that when the foreigners came to Afghanistan, they gave money to corrupt
individuals to pave the way for their presence in Afghanistan. These individuals
have become powerful within the government in Afghanistan.

[Correspondent] Meanwhile, a political observer, Yunos Fakur, said that the
president was the main factor behind corruption in the country and added that
the president had appointed corrupt individuals in offices.

[Yunos Fakur, captioned as an expert on political affairs, talking to
correspondent] I emphasize that what Karzai and the international community
pledged at the Kabul International Conference should be implemented. This cannot
be implemented when John Kerry visits Afghanistan or the USA exerts pressure on
Karzai. I call on the entire nation of Afghanistan, such as democrats, clergy
and real Muslims, to pressure Karzai to stop appointing corrupt individuals and
stop focusing on his personal interest and let the USA assist the Afghan people.

[Correspondent] Residents of Kabul also called on the Afghan government to take
serious steps against corruption.

[Unidentified aged man talking to a correspondent in Dari] Unless the Afghan
people have the determination and if they only wait for foreigners to instruct
them on every issue, I do not think that corruption will be curbed.

[Unidentified young man talking to camera] Corruption has become rampant in
Afghanistan and the international community also says that it is the Afghan
people's responsibility to fight this menace.

[Correspondent] Afghanistan is reported to be one of the countries where
corruption exists in all its offices. The international community and the Afghan
government have not succeeded in the fight against corruption over the past nine
years. Observers believe that when corruption is curbed in the country, violence
will decrease to a large extent.

[Video shows observers, local people talking to correspondent, Karzai and Kerry
speaking at a meeting]

Source: Shamshad TV, Kabul, in Pashto 1430 gmt 21 Aug 10

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Eastern hotbed for corruption

SECTION: OPINION; SCISSORTALES; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 892 words


WHAT'S in the water in leafy Connecticut?

The Nutmeg State, home to high-brow Yale University and summer spot of choice
for many of the East Coast's rich and famous, has government corruption problems
that put Oklahoma and most other states to shame.

Just last week, the mayor of Hartford submitted his resignation after being
convicted of extortion, accepting a bribe and other counts. Eddie Perez, a
former gang member who became the city's first Latino mayor, was accused of
accepting home improvements from a city contractor in return for keeping him on
a high-dollar construction project. Prosecutors alleged Perez, a Democrat, also
tried to extort a developer into paying $100,000 to one of the mayor's political
allies.

Six years ago, Republican Gov. John Rowland resigned and did prison time after
admitting he traded political access for vacations and repairs to his summer
cottage. In 2003, the mayor of Bridgeport, Conn., was convicted of corruption
and sentenced to nine years in prison. His successor admitted to using cocaine
while in office and chose not to seek re-election. The former mayor of
Waterbury, Conn., is serving a long prison term for sexually abusing two girls -
crimes discovered during a federal corruption investigation.

Oklahoma has had its share of ne'er do wells. Illinois, New Jersey and Louisiana
would make most any list of corrupt states through the years. But Connecticut
more than holds its own.

Jimmie Wilson's war

We trust that Jim Wilson plans to walk to Washington if he succeeds in an
improbable quest to replace Dan Boren in Congress. In demonizing Boren, Wilson,
a Democratic state senator from Tahlequah, demonizes the oil industry, as well.
He has a particular obsession with the chemical benzene, described in his
campaign literature as a product of "unregulated drilling and mineral
exploration." The "unregulated" portion of the statement should have energy
executives howling from coast to coast. If any industry is regulated, it's
energy. Somehow, for Wilson, the Gulf oil spill threatens the pristine parts of
Oklahoma's 2nd Congressional District. Boren, he says, stands up for "big oil."
Imagine that! An Oklahoma politician caring about a major economic engine!
Wilson's election would be a dream come true for Nancy Pelosi but a nightmare
for most Oklahomans.

A name, please

Oklahoma City recently released the findings of a federal audit that showed
hundreds of thousands of dollars in grant money was mismanaged. Now the city
ought to release the name of one of the people involved with the grant. We know
that Ed Martin, who directed the Weed and Seed program, is on administrative
leave and faces a disciplinary hearing. But the city continues to withhold the
name of a second city employee who was involved with the program. That employee
also is on administrative leave. The grant came from the federal government,
which of course got the money from taxpayers. They deserve to know who it was
who may have misused that money.

College cloud

When smoking is outlawed, smokers find ways around tobacco bans. They head to
the exits of smoke-free buildings, to parking lots - anyplace they can be puff
daddies. What happens when an entire college campus bans tobacco? Smokers still
find a way. We've come a long way from the smokin'-in-the-boys room era to the
smoke-free campus motif. Most Oklahoma campuses are smoke-free or will be by the
end of the year. A new state law makes illicit tobacco use on campus a
misdemeanor. The American Cancer Society says college students are smoking at a
greater rate while other segments of society have lower smoking prevalence. Yet
only 27 percent of colleges ban smoking in dorms. The American Lung Association
says 249 colleges and universities have a campuswide tobacco ban. That's up from
60 in 2007. Where there's smoke there's fire, though, and addicted Oklahoma
students are fired up about smoking bans.

A nice gesture, but ...

It's nice of Platt College to pick up the tab - for the next year - for anyone
who uses the Oklahoma Spirit trolleys in downtown Oklahoma City. The free rides
began this weekend and will last through the middle of 2011. Yet we can't help
but wonder how many people will take Platt up on the offer, because the trolleys
are inconsistent. They're supposed to arrive every 20 minutes at various
downtown spots. Too often they run late, which isn't any good to anyone. A local
who works downtown summed it up this way: "Even free, those things aren't worth
my time."

Sinking numbers

Polling data looks pretty ominous for President Obama and the Democrats. A
recent Wall Street Journal/NBC poll shows the president's job approval rating
sinking, with 45 percent of those surveyed approving of Obama's performance but
48 percent disapproving. As the Journal's John Fund points out, a president's
rating is a key indicator of how many seats his party will lose in a midterm
election. When Democrats lost 54 House seats and eight Senate seats in 1994,
President Clinton's job approval rating was 46 percent. Much could change
between now and November, but the overall trajectory of public opinion is
against the party that controls Washington. The latest Real Clear Politics
average of polls shows 61.7 percent of Americans believe the country is on the
wrong track; just 32.7 percent think the country is on the right track.


LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SCISSORTALES
EDITORIAL

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Former Hartford Mayor Eddie Perez
Photo 2: Sen. Jim Wilson
Photo 3: (smoking)
Photo 4: (trolley)
Photo 5: President Obama

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Eastern hotbed for corruption

SECTION: OPINION; SCISSORTALES; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 892 words


WHAT'S in the water in leafy Connecticut?

The Nutmeg State, home to high-brow Yale University and summer spot of choice
for many of the East Coast's rich and famous, has government corruption problems
that put Oklahoma and most other states to shame.

Just last week, the mayor of Hartford submitted his resignation after being
convicted of extortion, accepting a bribe and other counts. Eddie Perez, a
former gang member who became the city's first Latino mayor, was accused of
accepting home improvements from a city contractor in return for keeping him on
a high-dollar construction project. Prosecutors alleged Perez, a Democrat, also
tried to extort a developer into paying $100,000 to one of the mayor's political
allies.

Six years ago, Republican Gov. John Rowland resigned and did prison time after
admitting he traded political access for vacations and repairs to his summer
cottage. In 2003, the mayor of Bridgeport, Conn., was convicted of corruption
and sentenced to nine years in prison. His successor admitted to using cocaine
while in office and chose not to seek re-election. The former mayor of
Waterbury, Conn., is serving a long prison term for sexually abusing two girls -
crimes discovered during a federal corruption investigation.

Oklahoma has had its share of ne'er do wells. Illinois, New Jersey and Louisiana
would make most any list of corrupt states through the years. But Connecticut
more than holds its own.

Jimmie Wilson's war

We trust that Jim Wilson plans to walk to Washington if he succeeds in an
improbable quest to replace Dan Boren in Congress. In demonizing Boren, Wilson,
a Democratic state senator from Tahlequah, demonizes the oil industry, as well.
He has a particular obsession with the chemical benzene, described in his
campaign literature as a product of "unregulated drilling and mineral
exploration." The "unregulated" portion of the statement should have energy
executives howling from coast to coast. If any industry is regulated, it's
energy. Somehow, for Wilson, the Gulf oil spill threatens the pristine parts of
Oklahoma's 2nd Congressional District. Boren, he says, stands up for "big oil."
Imagine that! An Oklahoma politician caring about a major economic engine!
Wilson's election would be a dream come true for Nancy Pelosi but a nightmare
for most Oklahomans.

A name, please

Oklahoma City recently released the findings of a federal audit that showed
hundreds of thousands of dollars in grant money was mismanaged. Now the city
ought to release the name of one of the people involved with the grant. We know
that Ed Martin, who directed the Weed and Seed program, is on administrative
leave and faces a disciplinary hearing. But the city continues to withhold the
name of a second city employee who was involved with the program. That employee
also is on administrative leave. The grant came from the federal government,
which of course got the money from taxpayers. They deserve to know who it was
who may have misused that money.

College cloud

When smoking is outlawed, smokers find ways around tobacco bans. They head to
the exits of smoke-free buildings, to parking lots - anyplace they can be puff
daddies. What happens when an entire college campus bans tobacco? Smokers still
find a way. We've come a long way from the smokin'-in-the-boys room era to the
smoke-free campus motif. Most Oklahoma campuses are smoke-free or will be by the
end of the year. A new state law makes illicit tobacco use on campus a
misdemeanor. The American Cancer Society says college students are smoking at a
greater rate while other segments of society have lower smoking prevalence. Yet
only 27 percent of colleges ban smoking in dorms. The American Lung Association
says 249 colleges and universities have a campuswide tobacco ban. That's up from
60 in 2007. Where there's smoke there's fire, though, and addicted Oklahoma
students are fired up about smoking bans.

A nice gesture, but ...

It's nice of Platt College to pick up the tab - for the next year - for anyone
who uses the Oklahoma Spirit trolleys in downtown Oklahoma City. The free rides
began this weekend and will last through the middle of 2011. Yet we can't help
but wonder how many people will take Platt up on the offer, because the trolleys
are inconsistent. They're supposed to arrive every 20 minutes at various
downtown spots. Too often they run late, which isn't any good to anyone. A local
who works downtown summed it up this way: "Even free, those things aren't worth
my time."

Sinking numbers

Polling data looks pretty ominous for President Obama and the Democrats. A
recent Wall Street Journal/NBC poll shows the president's job approval rating
sinking, with 45 percent of those surveyed approving of Obama's performance but
48 percent disapproving. As the Journal's John Fund points out, a president's
rating is a key indicator of how many seats his party will lose in a midterm
election. When Democrats lost 54 House seats and eight Senate seats in 1994,
President Clinton's job approval rating was 46 percent. Much could change
between now and November, but the overall trajectory of public opinion is
against the party that controls Washington. The latest Real Clear Politics
average of polls shows 61.7 percent of Americans believe the country is on the
wrong track; just 32.7 percent think the country is on the right track.


LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SCISSORTALES
EDITORIAL

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Former Hartford Mayor Eddie Perez
Photo 2: Sen. Jim Wilson
Photo 3: (smoking)
Photo 4: (trolley)
Photo 5: President Obama

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 21, 2008 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

FLORIDA WEARS U.S. CORRUPTION CROWN

BYLINE: ADAM C. SMITH, Times Political Editor

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; THE BUZZ ON FLORIDA POLITICS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 701 words


Tired of seeing Florida constantly at the bottom of national rankings? Take
heart. The Department of Justice says we're No. 1 in one category: corruption.

Compiling federal corruption convictions over the past decade, Florida topped
every other state with 824 convictions of local, state and federal officials -
even Rod Blagojevich's Illinois and even Louisiana, where politicians are said
to be so crooked they are screwed into the ground at burial.

Of course, Florida is more populous than all but three other states, so perhaps
a fairer way to look at it would be per capita corruption cases. In that case,
North Dakota can take a bow as numero uno, and Florida ranks a mere 11th. Rest
assured we have strong potential to move up the list.

Gov. Adam Putnam?

It's a little premature to pin that title on the 34-year-old GOP representative
from Bartow, but there is loads of Buzz about Putnam running for governor in
2014. Step one? Get elected agriculture commissioner in 2010 and have a
statewide office to raise his profile until Charlie Crist finishes his second
term.

Putnam was in Tallahassee last week, stirring speculation he's ready to leave
Washington and mingling with lobbyists at the private Governor's Club along with
state Sen. Carey Baker, R-Eustis, who is officially running for the Cabinet job.

Just before Baker arrived, Putnam's putative successor in Congress, Rep. Seth
McKeel, R-Lakeland, stopped by with Publix lobbyist Randy Roberts. Asked about
the rumor he would try to replace Putnam if the House member runs for
agriculture commissioner, McKeel just smiled.

Current Agriculture Commissioner Charlie Bronson was there, too. "It sure looks
like he's running," he said of Putnam.

Gelber's wing man

Among the often-mentioned Democratic candidates for U.S. Senate in 2010, state
Sen. Dan Gelber may lack the money-raising ability of U.S. Reps. Allen Boyd of
Monticello or Ron Klein of Boca Raton, or Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink, but
the Miami Beach Democrat has a couple key assets the others lack.

One is that Gelber wouldn't have to give up his current office to run. Also, he
has in his corner the hottest Democratic strategist in Florida, Steve Schale,
who led Barack Obama's Florida campaign and is likely to be involved in Gelber's
expected Florida campaign.

Schale said this on his Facebook page: "Dan's life values and his experience
working across the aisle to get things done will suit him well in Washington and
serve the state well. He understands the political and ideological nuances of
Florida and was the most successful House caucus leader in terms of election
wins that our party has ever seen, proving he knows how to win elections. But
moreover, if the race is one against Jeb Bush (a man that once said that Dan
would make a good governor), Dan is uniquely capable to carry the torch. A
skilled prosecutor and uncannily prepared on the issues, there is no one better
prepared to go toe to toe with Jeb Bush."

'Political Connections'

Check out state Rep. Rick Kriseman, D-St. Petersburg on Political Connections
today at 11 a.m. and 8 p.m. on Bay News 9.

Brotherly love

President Bush on whether brother Jeb should run for U.S. Senate: "I think
Florida would benefit a lot. I think the country would benefit a lot. And I
think the Republican Party would benefit a lot. He is a proven leader who, when
given responsibilities, succeeded."

Times staff writer Alex Leary contributed to this week's Buzz.

Winner of the week

Frank Sanchez:The former Tampa mayoral candidate and Obama fundraiser has been
working full time in Washington for the transition team, mainly responsible for
helping recruit Hispanics to the new administration. It now appears Obama has
set a record for Latinos in senior positions (nada from Florida, though),
including Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Commerce Secretary Bill Richardson.

Loser of the week

State Rep. Franklin Sands:The state House Democratic leader from Weston has been
happy to raise ethical questions about Republican House Speaker Ray Sansom. But
the Palm Beach Post reports that Sands had been linking committee assignments to
party fundraising, including a voice mail from a Sands ally raising the campaign
cash link. Pot, meet Kettle.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: W.D. Childers: Ex-Senate president, sentenced to prison for
bribery. PHOTO: Bo Johnson: Ex-House Speaker, sentenced to prison for tax
evasion. PHOTO: Randy Mackey: Former state legislator, convicted of tax fraud in
1998. PHOTO: Art Teele: Miami City Commission member, indicted for corruption,
kills himself. PHOTO: Putnam

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Green-Lighting Corruption: Politics as Usual in Albany

BYLINE:

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 277 words


The Issue: Gov. Cuomo's comment that there will always be "some level of
corruption" in government.

Gov. Cuomo said, "You've always had and you probably always will have some level
of corruption in government," ("We'll Always Have Albany," Editorial, Feb. 18).

Well, at least we know what the governor expects out of Albany.

Gary Cella

Cos Cob Ct

I find it contemptible that the governor of New York and our alleged leader is
willing to accept the current state of affairs in Albany, or even the slightest
hint of corruption, for that matter. Our elected leaders are willing to give a
green light to business as usual in Albany and look the other way relative to
how business has been done in recent years.

This is not a conservative, liberal or progressive issue. This is an issue for
all law-abiding citizens who assume when we pull the lever in the voting booth,
we are sending our elected representatives to Albany, City Hall and/or
Washington to solve critical issues, not line their own pockets.

While there are great political divides in ­­our democracy - which shouldn't
come as a surprise - I would sincerely hope that there is one thing that we can
all agree on: Our leaders must put their constituents first. Bill Detwiler

Manhattan

The governor's statement about corruption, is just tragic.

How about saying, "Not on my watch. There will not be any corruption that will
not be aggressively investigated," instead of implying everyone is doing it.

This is coming from the governor who disbanded the Moreland Commission just as
it was heating up. He's a wolf in sheep's clothing.

Justin Martin

Manchester Center, Vt.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gov. Cuomo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

'WELCOME TO THE MACHINE' IS THEME SONG OF THIS CITY

BYLINE: BY CORKY SIEMASZKO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 447 words


LEGENDARY Chicago newspaper columnist Mike Royko once proposed a new motto for
his famously crooked city: Ubi est mea, which translates to "Where's mine?"

Thanks to Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, it (once again) fits the Windy City
like a glove.

While much of the country was stunned by revelations the governor was trying to
sell President-elect Barack Obama's Senate seat to the highest bidder, for
anybody in The Loop it's just The Chicago Way.

"We have a culture of corruption," said Dick Simpson, a former city alderman and
University of Illinois-Chicago professor.

"We've had a thousand public officials and businessmen convicted of corruption
since 1971, including 30 aldermen. Our first corruption case was in 1869, when
three county commissioners went to jail for rigging a bid to paint City Hall."

The Chicago disease has infected the rest of the state, making Illinois the
sixth most corrupt state in the nation, the Corporate Crime Reporter says.

Louisiana was No. 1 - New Jersey and New York were No. 9 and 10, respectively.

"Government in Illinois isn't about political ideology," the University of
Illinois-Springfield's Christopher Mooney told Bloomberg News. "It's about which
idiot brother-in-law are you going to get a job on a road crew because he helped
you get into office."

If Blagojevich goes to jail, he would be the fourth Illinois governor since 1961
convicted of bribe-taking.

So why is the state so corrupt?

Simpson says it's because political machines have run Chicago for generations,
and "trading favors for votes, contracts for campaign contributions" is business
as usual.

Machine politics was common in many big cities including New York, where Tammany
Hall once ruled, but Chicago never had anyone like Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia to
sweep away the corruption.

Instead, it got The Boss, Richard J. Daley, who turned the Chicago Democratic
Machine of the 1960s into a governmental Goliath - an updated version of which
serves his son, Mayor Richard M. Daley.

"The first Daley Machine, the current Daley Machine, they're all corrupt,"
Simpson said.

The belief that everybody in City Hall is on the take corrodes the rest of the
city, so much so that Chicagoans will tolerate a crooked pol so long as the
streets are safe, the snow is plowed, the garbage is picked up - and they have a
shot at landing a city job.

In a town completely dominated by Democrats (the last GOP mayor left office in
1931), there is nobody outside of the media and good government groups to serve
as a check to "da mayor" or "da aldermen."

"The answer to changing this culture is getting rid of the machine and that
changes the expectations of the people," Simpson said.

csiemaszko@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rod Blagojevich takes the oath of office as his wife, Patti, looks on
back in January 2007. Blago jevich was back at work yesterday, a day after he
was arrested on charges of political corruption. Photo by AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.

                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Washington: Mississippi Named Most Corrupt State in the Nation

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heritage Foundation has issued the following news release:

Mississippi has finally got a top ranking among the states. Problem is, it's an
achievement the state can do without.

A study by researchers Cheol Liu from the City University of Hong Kong and
Indiana University's John L. Mikesell found corruption in Mississippi was tops
among the states from 1976 through 2008. The study sized up the effect of public
corruption--measured by convictions--on state spending. Data after 2008 for all
of the areas of their research was incomplete.

According to the study, the 10 most-corrupt states could have reduced per capita
spending by an average of $1,308 if they had average corruption levels. The
study found states in the top 10 tend to focus spending on "bribe-generating"
spending and items directly beneficial to public officials such as capital
projects, construction, highways, borrowing and total salaries and wages.

According to Jon Moen, chairman of the University of Mississippi's economics
department, corruption has clear consequences for the state with wasteful
spending, misallocation of resources and lost productivity.

"Clearly corrupt officials will encourage activities or businesses that will
also provide them with the most benefits, whether they are outright bribes or
more legal benefits like campaign contributions," Moen said. "Rarely are these
activities that are true public goods, like elementary education, as they
provide few direct monetary benefits that can be appropriated by a politician or
private interest."

The top 10 most corrupt states, according to the study, are:

Mississippi
    Louisiana
    Tennessee
    Illinois
    Pennsylvania
    Alabama
    Alaska
    South Dakota
    Kentucky
    Florida

A climate of corruption or even a perception of one can lead to serious economic
effects. The study cited several sources on how economic activity is depressed
in nations riddled with corruption. States are no different.

With economic activity depressed because of corruption, states such as
Mississippi are forced to use more subsidies and tax breaks. This encourages
companies to engage in more rent-seeking behavior--spending wealth on political
lobbying to increase one's share of wealth without creating wealth. This can
build an even more entrenched climate of corruption with companies constantly
seeking to maintain or even add to special privileges not afforded their
competitors.

Mississippi's massive tax incentives to encourage companies such as Nissan,
Toyota and Yokohama Tire to relocate or, in the case of Cooper Tire, to remain
in the state, are some examples.

"Corruption also results in less-secure property rights, and that makes smaller
businesses less likely to invest as much as they otherwise would or even avoid
the corrupt state altogether," Moen said. "This depresses the overall level of
economic activity, but in ways that are not obvious. A few well-connected
businesses always will appear successful, and the politician can point to them
as evidence of his ability to produce economic success. No one ever knows which
businesses decided not to start-up in a corrupt state."

For more information please visit: http://www.heritage.org

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             April 20, 2012 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FEDERAL EFFORT TARGETS FRAUD IN W.VA.

BYLINE: Torsten Ove, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: TRI-STATE; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 429 words


WHEELING, W.Va. -- The top federal prosecutor in northern West Virginia
announced Thursday the creation of a new unit with a special hotline to
aggressively pursue public corruption in a state known for malfeasance.

U.S. Attorney William Ihlenfeld said most Mountain State officials are doing the
right thing, "but there's a long history of corruption in our state and there
are always a handful of people who are in it to help themselves or their friends
and families. And we are prepared to hold them accountable."

Flanked by officials from the FBI, IRS-Criminal Investigation and the state
police, Mr. Ihlenfeld urged those with tips about corrupt officials to call a
toll-free line, 1-855-WVA-FEDS, or send an email to wvafeds@usdoj.gov

Tipsters may remain anonymous.

Mr. Ihlenfeld said public corruption will become a priority of his office and
said he has reassigned one of his top prosecutors, John Parr, from narcotics to
corruption.

Before coming to Wheeling, Mr. Parr prosecuted corruption cases in southern West
Virginia, where voter fraud has long been pervasive.

In Wheeling, he has largely pursued drug dealers, most recently a major
pill-mill network involving an Ohio Valley ring that was doctor-shopping for
oxycodone in Florida and South Carolina and distributing the drugs on the
streets in Ohio and West Virginia.

Mr. Ihlenfeld said several other staffers will concentrate on asset forfeiture,
but he said his office will not ignore other crimes.

He has hired two new assistant U.S. attorneys, one for the Wheeling office and
one in Clarksburg, to bring his staff to 20 prosecutors.

The new corruption unit will receive support from other federal agencies along
with the secretary of state, the West Virginia Ethics Commission and the state
Commission on Special Investigations.

Mr. Ihlenfeld said his office already had several significant corruption cases
in the works, the results of which should become public this year. But no single
event triggered the initiative.

He said in his travels across the state he has heard complaints about corruption
and decided it required a coordinated approach and the sharing of information
across jurisdictions and agencies.

While he could not discuss specifics, he said the new team will concentrate on
government officials who use their office for personal gain through bribery,
extortion, kickbacks and fraud.

Investigating such crimes requires insiders to blow the whistle, but often those
people don't know who to approach with information.

Now they do, Mr. Ihlenfeld said.

"We're going to need help from the public," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Torsten Ove: tove@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1510./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Unemployment and corruption

LENGTH: 1852 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, June 6 -- The fact that unemployment causes corruption is well
established and makes sense both from common observations and rigorous
theoretical points of view. However, the fact that corruption also causes
unemployment can struck one as a total surprise. To make an analysis of this
unusual relation, we first need to work out: what type of corruption can
contribute to or create unemployment? Does corruption cause unemployment for
general labour such as day-labourers or low-class factory workers? Or, does
corruption cause unemployment for semi-educated labour such as administrative
workers or high school or college graduates? Or, does corruption cause
unemployment for highly educated labour such as university graduates?

It is a specific group of people that is hit by corruption, not labour in
general. This is the one reason why the reverse relation - corruption causes
unemployment - is often get washed by the aggregation of data in empirical
estimates and we see no relation. To derive the relation we need group-specific
estimates and then we can clearly observe the positive relation between
unemployment and corruption - the higher the level of corruption, the higher
level of unemployment for the specific group of people will be and vice versa.
So, in developing a systematic analysis that corruption causes unemployment, we
have to keep in mind the following two crucial factors. First, corruption will
cause unemployment not for general labour but for a specific type of labour and
that is highly educated. Second, corruption will cause unemployment not through
demand shock but through supply shock which is not temporary but permanent. In
what follows, we will show how permanent supply shock caused by corruption
generates unemployment for highly educated labour.

CORRUPTION AND SUPPLY SHOCK: ENTERPRENEURIAL SLACKNESS: Noted economist Lawrence
Summers to exemplify the role of entrepreneurship and its impact on the US
economy once said, "This is the only country (the USA) in the world where you
can raise hundred million dollars before you buy your first suit and tie". The
role of entrepreneurship has been recognised by economists. Joseph Schumpeter is
one the economists who was first to recognise the critical role of
entrepreneurship and its crucial role in creating cycle ups and downs. So,
entrepreneurship has important macroeconomic implications, especially for
unemployment. Higher level of entrepreneurial activities means smaller level of
unemployment for an economy, other things remaining same. Summers' statement
implies that the USA is recognised as a fertile ground for entrepreneurship and
that it boasts of higher level of entrepreneurial activity.

One popular example that can support Summers' statement that you can raise
hundred million dollars before you buy your first suit and tie is facebook. But
the real fact is that the fertile ground is not descended from the heaven to the
earth. Rather the ground was made and is being fostered through
entrepreneurship-friendly environment. Let's take an example. Imagine that
someone in Dhaka, who just graduated from one university, has discovered a new
method to make tea. He thinks that if he can establish a business opening a
shop, he will make good profit since the product will have good demand according
to his assessment. Now, to bring his innovation to market he has to find a place
to build the shop. Then, he needs to procure all the necessary things to get his
start. But the real problem he will face if he wants to open a tea shop in Dhaka
is the amount of money he has to spend to placate unwanted political goons.
Moreover, he has to go through the city corporation rules and regulations making
his matter worse since he has to cajole them with bribe to get all the necessary
permissions and documents. Now, if the same person were to open the same shop in
the USA, he would need to gather the required sums and he can start his business
even in a week if he wants.

Let us compare the ease of starting business in two different countries and what
kind of factors motivate people to start their own small business in the USA
even after graduating from university. Some people will say people in the USA
are different because they have strong entrepreneurial drive. This statement is
grossly wrong. There are thousands of examples of entrepreneurs who are from the
same country we are from but are doing their own business and prefer
establishing businesses to working under some other companies for fixed salary.

In fact there is hardly any special about the people in the USA to claim that
they are born entrepreneurs. Rather a fertile ground has been made and is being
fostered through transparent processes and equality of living principles that
ultimately give incentives to people to do something and to innovate something
since once a fruitful idea is generated, its realisation is just a matter of
time free from institutional and governance inefficiencies. Over the years, high
level of corruption and unethical rent-seeking attitude of our political leaders
have depressed the drive of entrepreneurship in our country. Today, a university
graduate can't imagine setting up a business with a small capital because he has
to spend half of his budgeted capital on political goons and corrupt officials
in several government offices. Some people just sit idle and do nothing even if
they have some idea that is enough to set up a small business of their dream.
The real impediment for them is the amount of money they have to spend to cajole
and satisfy political and bureaucratic rogues. They often find it hard to
finance that amount of money and their dream gets shattered. A lot of university
graduates would have engaged themselves in setting small business had they found
the environment for setting business favourable and friendly.

Another fact that deserves notice is that drive to set up small businesses is
much higher among graduates from low-ranked universities. This is
counter-intuitive at first sight. The reason is quite obvious. Given the
relation between quality of education and job prospect, the graduates from lower
grade universities form a very early assessment what their job prospects would
be. Their guess of getting low-quality jobs drive them to look for some business
prospects.

For example, a business graduate from Jaganath University will be more driven to
set up a small business if he finds the suitable environment for setting up
businesses than a business graduate from Dhaka University. But as soon as they
encounter harsh reality of setting businesses in our country, they immediately
postpone the idea of having any business at all. Then, even if the graduate from
Jaganath University fails to get any job immediately, he will hardly do any
business or think about it. He would spend his valuable energy and time
hankering after jobs in some companies until he succeeds to get one. This kind
of job-hunt overcrowds the market and creates mismatch between supply and demand
generating higher number of people running after smaller number of jobs. In the
end, the result is unemployment.

UNEMPLOYMENT AND CORRUPTION:

Now we can clearly see how corruption creates unemployment problem. The fact is
that corruption depresses entrepreneurial thrusts and activities in a country.
The dampened growth of entrepreneurial activities creates a permanent supply
shock in the economy and that shock generates unemployment. Since common
observations say that entrepreneurial activities are mostly fostered by educated
labour, corruption will cause higher level of unemployment for educated labour.
This is what we are observing in our country at present. The higher level of
unemployment among educated labour is the outcome of depressed entrepreneurial
activities. The depression is caused by corruption. This observation refutes the
conventional wisdom that the American people are born entrepreneurial magnets.
We can spur a higher growth of entrepreneurial activities in our country if we
can curb corruption and dominance of political goons who are the real culprits
behind the depressed entrepreneurship in our country.

Therefore, the link is as follows: Corruption depresses entrepreneurial
activities and the growth of small businesses. The slackness in entrepreneurial
activities and dampened growth of small business generates a permanent supply
shock for the country in terms of creating huge gap between actual and potential
output. The large gap between actual and potential output creates the problem of
unemployment. In this way, corruption generates the problem of unemployment. But
the unemployment is not general unemployment but segmented one. A specific group
of people - highly educated labour or university graduates - is severely hit by
corruption. In other words, corruption creates higher unemployment problem for
educated labour. The recent statistics strongly support our analysis.

CURRENT RATE OF UNEMPLOYMENT: Findings of a study by the Bangladesh Institute
Development Studies (BIDS) is that 10.31 per cent of post-graduates are
currently unemployed. But the figure is very low - almost 2.82 per cent - for
people with no formal education. Some have has tried to reconcile this kind of
findings with mismatch between supply and demand for jobs at a given level of
wages. The explanation is correct and the mismatch is there.

But the recommendation that has come out of the analysis of statistical data is
quite unsatisfactory. The recommendation is that skilled human capital should be
built while giving priority to technical and vocational education. This doesn't
mean that total number of unemployed post-graduates could have been accommodated
by the job market if they had come from the vocational and technical
backgrounds. The question that must be answered in this case is the following:
What per cent of total employment should be generated through entrepreneurial
activities and the establishment of small business? This question has to be
answered to give any recommendation for reducing the total number of unemployed
post-graduates. In fact, in our country, it can be convincingly argued that a
large fraction of total post-graduate unemployment is contributed by the
slackness in entrepreneurial activities and dampened growth of small businesses.
If the level of corruption is reduced and business and entrepreneurship-friendly
environment is created, we hope to see gradual decline in the post-graduate
unemployment. Therefore, to reduce the total number of post-graduate unemployed,
we need to reduce the level of corruption in our society. The gradual decline in
the level of corruption will encourage more entrepreneurial activities and the
growth of small businesses which will eventually absorb the current reserved
army of post-graduates.

The contributor writes from the University of Denver, USA.

jheco.du@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved

                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            June 30, 2010 Wednesday

Afghan president, US Attorney General discuss corruption

LENGTH: 439 words


Text of report by state-owned National Afghanistan TV on 30 June

Hamed Karzai, the president of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, Wednesday
met US Attorney-General Eric Holder at the Presidential Palace in Kabul.

According to the information provided by the Presidential Press Office, to
Bakhtar News Agency [BNA], the sides discussed the fight against administrative
corruption from various angles and the causes of the phenomenon. The Afghan
attorney-general [Mohammad Eshaq Aloko] also attended the meeting.

The president provided the visiting attorney-general with information about the
process of administrative reforms and providing civil services in the country.
He said that the Afghan government had made visible achievements in this regard
over the past a few years and the process was under way successfully.

Referring to anti-corruption efforts, he said that the Afghan government had
launched serious and decisive war against the evil and unlawful phenomenon and
wished that administrative corruption would soon be curbed in the country.

Karzai added that the fight against the ugly practice would succeed when the USA
and the international community reform their contract systems and urged them to
avoid giving contracts to Afghan officials, members of parliament or their
relatives because it would create obstacles for the implementation of the law in
Afghanistan.

The president described the existence of private security companies and
providing equipment to them as a threat to the Afghan government and urged the
international community to stop supporting these firms and help the government
to put an end to their activities.

Karzai insisted that the USA and the international community should not give a
political dimension to administrative corruption in Afghanistan because the more
political steps are taken, against this phenomenon, the more problems it would
create.

The president once again called on the USA and the international community to
accomplish the fight against the menace through full bilateral coordination.

The US attorney-general welcomed the fight against administrative corruption by
the Afghan government and said that the USA would review giving contracts to
Afghan officials, parliamentarians and their relatives and would reform the
contracting system in Afghanistan. However, the Afghan government, in its part,
should accelerate the fight against administrative corruption, he noted.

[Video shows the Afghan president and US attorney-general exchanging views at a
meeting, some other Afghan and US officials at the meeting]

Source: National Afghanistan TV, Kabul, in Pashto 1530 gmt 30 Jun 10

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 3, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Corruption Tests Labor While It Recruits

BYLINE: By STEVEN GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 14; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 1228 words


A wave of union corruption, including a widening scandal at New York City's
largest municipal union, has thrown the labor movement off stride at a time when
it is straining to improve its image and persuade millions more Americans to
join unions.

Labor leaders assert that the current wave of corruption pales in comparison
with labor's past, noting that mob influence has largely been rooted out and
that hundreds of corrupt officials have been punished or expelled through union
and Government efforts to clean house.

But the scandals, which have involved the laborers, hotel workers, teamsters and
other unions, have caused some labor experts to question the widely held
perception that union corruption has fallen markedly since the 1950's era of "On
the Waterfront," when organized crime dominated many unions.

There is widespread agreement among union leaders that the current surge of
accusations -- including embezzlement, vote rigging and associating with
mobsters -- is an embarrassing setback because it focuses attention on labor's
seamy side when its leaders are pushing the message that a revived labor
movement is going to bat for working Americans.

"I think it's terrible," said Sandra Feldman, president of the United Federation
of Teachers. "It clearly gives a very negative image, and we have to overcome
it. But the fact of the matter is the overwhelming majority of unions are good
unions."

The current wave of corruption involves some of the nation's most prominent
unions.

Arthur Coia, the president of the Laborers International Union of North America,
may face expulsion over internal charges that he associated with organized crime
figures and acquiesced in their running parts of the union. An internal union
judge is to rule this month on whether to uphold the charges.

In New York City, a scandal has rocked a union representing 120,000 municipal
workers, District Council 37 of the American Federation of State, County and
Municipal Employees. The president of one of the union locals in the district
council was ousted after an internal union panel found that he embezzled more
than $1.7 million, while several top officials have admitted to engaging in vote
fraud to insure ratification of a deeply unpopular contract.

And the Manhattan District Attorney's office is investigating whether the same
district council's officials received kickbacks from caterers, lawyers and
travel agencies.

Last summer, a Federal monitor forced the longtime president of the Hotel
Employees and Restaurant Employees Union to step down because of extravagant
spending and other wrongdoing. The union president, Edward Hanley, had the union
pay for his office and secretary in Palm Springs; bought a union-leased Cadillac
sports car at a bargain rate, and set up a phantom local in a Wisconsin resort
town to help union officials charge their vacation costs as union expenses.

Two weeks ago a Minnesota-based official with the operating engineers union
pleaded guilty to embezzling more than $200,000 for gambling, drinking and other
activities.

And many labor leaders voice fears that the recent election of Jimmy Hoffa's
son, James P. Hoffa, to head the International Brotherhood of Teamsters could
open the door to more corruption, although Mr. Hoffa insists that he will fight
corruption. Already a court-appointed review board has charged three officials,
elected as vice presidents on the Hoffa slate, with wrongdoing that could lead
to their expulsion.

Mr. Hoffa's predecessor -- Ron Carey, who was elected as a corruption fighter --
was ousted from the union's presidency because three of his aides siphoned more
than $700,000 in teamster money into his campaign treasury.

"What with the Hoffa victory and this District Council 37 scandal, my impression
is the gloss is off the refurbished labor movement," said Herman Benson, the
founder of the Association for Union Democracy, a New York-based group that has
long fought union corruption.

Congressional Republicans and other critics of the labor movement have seized on
the scandals to argue that unions have little moral leadership and are hardly
better than in the 50's and 60's. Back then, organized crime figures embezzled
tens of millions of dollars from the teamsters' pension funds, while many
teamster locals were run by and for mob leaders, who occasionally had their
union opponents killed.

"Union corruption hasn't changed that much since the 50's," said Ken Boehm,
chairman of the National Legal and Policy Center, a conservative research group
that publishes a newsletter, The Union Corruption Report. "The cast of
characters may have changed. Some of the corruption is more sophisticated, but
it continues to be a very serious problem."

But labor's supporters maintain that there is far less corruption now, largely
because of Government efforts to eliminate mob influence in what were long
considered the four most corrupt unions: the teamsters, laborers, hotel and
restaurant employees and the International Longshoremen's Association. In
addition, several unions have worked side by side with the Government to clean
house. Over the last decade, the teamsters' union and a court-appointed review
board have punished or removed from office more than 400 teamster officials.

"The labor movement is much better off than 40 years ago," Mr. Benson said.
"Even though we're always criticizing and complaining, that's a real fact. This
stuff was festering all the time in unions. What's new is they're getting rid of
it."

Gerald McEntee, president of the American Federation of State, County and
Municipal Employees, agreed that unions are far cleaner. "When you go back to
the 50's and 60's and Bobby Kennedy chasing after Hoffa and all those kinds of
things -- the longshoremen, the laborers -- you had corruption that went to the
very core of so many of those unions," Mr. McEntee said.

Mr. McEntee has become serious about corruption by taking direct control of
District Council 37 in New York and by appointing a trustee to run the union and
to clean house.

Some labor leaders play down today's seeming surge in corruption, insisting that
it is merely the exposure of wrongdoing that has gone on for years.

"Reform sometimes works like a washing machine -- it agitates the dirt to the
top," John J. Sweeney, the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s president, said in a recent telephone
interview.

Mr. Sweeney took pains to assert that the current wave of corruption did not
suddenly happen during his three years at labor's helm, noting that much of the
corruption was uncovered after lengthy investigations.

"I really think there is much less corruption in unions than in past years," Mr.
Sweeney said.

There are plenty of suggestions about how to clean up unions. Mr. Boehm called
for legislation requiring unions to have independent annual audits and to
disclose more financial information to members.

Richard Gilberg, a former general counsel to the teamsters, said not enough
unions had adopted serious anticorruption measures.

"If labor figures out a strategy to hire competent people to take a look at
where the money is going, and do things like develop new bylaws or set up an
in-house ethical practices committee, that would be a big help," Mr. Gilberg
said. "There are a lot of things unions can do if they think more than a week or
a month ahead."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Have you seen dirty pol?

BYLINE: Kenneth Lovett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 227 words


ALBANY - The FBI has taken "See Something, Say Something" to a new area -
government corruption.

New electronic billboards on a highway located a stone's throw from the state
capitol asks the public to call or email tips about possible corruption.

The tips would go into the FBI and the New York Public Corruption Task Force
that includes the IRS, U.S. Attorney's office, and state offices of attorney
general and controller.

"Public corruption poses a fundamental threat to our national security and way
of life," the FBI says on its website.

In addition to generating possible leads, the signs are also a public reminder
to already jittery lawmakers that the feds are still watching even after the
convictions last year of the Legislature's two top leaders.

"Every tool should be used to fight corruption," Controller Thomas DiNapoli
said. "This task force is effectively combining our resources and expertise to
uncover public corruption and urging everyday New Yorkers to help us."

But Assemblyman Daniel O'Donnell, a Manhattan Democrat who once headed the
Assembly Ethics Committee, said he's not sure what good the billboards will do.

"It seems to me that if someone is aware of corruption in any form, they don't
need a billboard to tell them," O'Donnell said. "It's not like the people don't
know what the FBI is and what they've been doing. But maybe I'm wrong."

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.

                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Deep southern states are the most corrupt in the US

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 166 words


AUSTRALIA may be having problems with public corruption if you are to believe
ICAC reports, but it is by no means alone.

A rugged new university study claims to have determined the most unscrupulous
states in the United States.

The results are based on research of more than 25,000 convictions of public
officials for violation of federal corruption laws between 1976 and 2008.

The study, a joint venture between the University of Hong Kong and Indiana
University, looked at patterns in state spending to develop a corruption index,
in order to estimate the most - and least - corrupt states.

None of the "top" 10 were on the mainland's west coast, with most in the south.
The list also included Alaska.

According to business magazine Fortune, the findings put Mississippi, which is
also the poorest state in the Union, as the most corrupt in America.

The list, from most open to corruption, is Mississippi, Louisiana, Tennessee,
Illinois, Pennsylvania, Alabama, Alaska, South Dakota, Kentucky and Florida.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday

Corruption a keystone of state government, prof says

BYLINE: Brad Bumsted and Brian Bowling

LENGTH: 970 words


HARRISBURG -- Pennsylvania is one of just a few states where corrupt government
is ingrained in the culture.

That's the view of Christopher Borick, a political science professor at
Muhlenberg College in Allentown. Historically, Illinois, New York, New Jersey,
Louisiana and Pennsylvania -- states where government to varying degrees
embodies "machine politics" -- have had high-profile corruption cases and a
populace largely tolerant of corrupt officials, Borick said.

"It's part of the broader culture of how politics operates in these places. It's
passed down from one generation to another. It's almost an expectation that
'This is the way it's done,' " Borick said. "We've seen improvements, but it is
still part of the culture."

The arrest this month of Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, who is accused of trying
to sell President-elect Barack Obama's Senate seat to the highest bidder, set in
motion a national discussion about which state is the most corrupt.

Illinois "is certainly one hell of a competitor," Robert Grant, the special
agent in charge of the Chicago FBI office, said after Blagojevich's arrest for
what U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald called "a public corruption crime spree."

Subsequently, USA Today, the Washington Post and The New York Times tried to
determine the dirtiest state, based on a recent U.S. Justice Department report
showing federal convictions in public corruption cases over the past decade.

The more populous states tend to have more convictions, while smaller states
lead the way on a strictly per-capita basis. Pennsylvania ranked fifth in total
federal convictions -- 555 -- from 1998 through 2007, behind Florida,
California, New York and Texas, according to an analysis of the report by the
Tribune-Review.

USA Today discovered that the most corrupt state, based on the number of
incidents per 100,000 people, is North Dakota, with Pennsylvania a distant 14th
in the per-capita ranking.

"When you think of a place like North Dakota, the population is so small that
with just a few cases of corruption, the rate is affected," Borick said.

"I don't think these statistics are very valid," said Bev Cigler, a political
science professor at Penn State University's Harrisburg campus. "They only
measure who got caught."

In fact, statistics don't measure everyone who gets caught.

That's because the Justice Department study looked only at convictions of public
officials who were prosecuted by U.S. Attorneys' offices.

So, in Pennsylvania the statistics would not include convictions by county
district attorneys or the state attorney general, who is investigating public
corruption in the General Assembly involving suspected use of tax money for
political purposes. Twelve former House Democratic officials -- including two
former lawmakers -- are charged with felonies. Two former staffers have agreed
to plead guilty.

Over the past decade, 10 state lawmakers faced criminal charges that in some way
were related to their official duties. But no governor has gone to jail despite
widespread corruption in the 1970s under late Gov. Milton Shapp, said G. Terry
Madonna, a political science professor at Franklin & Marshall College. Shapp
"failed to rein in corruption in and around his administration," Madonna said.

A former attorney general, Ernie Preate, was sentenced to prison for a 1995
fundraising scheme. Former Auditor General Al Benedict was convicted of tax
evasion and racketeering in 1988 related to a job-selling scandal. Former
Treasurer Budd Dwyer, convicted of agreeing to take a $300,000 kickback, shot
himself at a televised news conference in January 1987 the day before he was to
be sentenced.

"The commonwealth has had its share of miscreant public officials over the years
but it is far from the most corrupt state in the union," said Chuck Ardo, a
spokesman for Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell. "However we must always be vigilant to
ensure that public servants actually serve the public and not their individual
interests."

Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan, a Republican who immediately preceded
Blagojevich, remains in federal prison on a 2006 conviction for steering state
work to supporters and using state resources for political purposes.

The Los Angeles Times reported that Blagojevich is the fifth Illinois governor
to be accused of a crime out of 10 who have served over the past 50 years.

Former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards, who famously boasted that he couldn't be
defeated unless he was "caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy," was
convicted in 2001 for extorting payoffs from applicants for riverboat casinos.

"I think we (Pennsylvania) are one of the worst," said Senate Majority Whip Jane
Orie, a McCandless Republican and a former prosecutor. "I think when you look at
the pay to play, gaming ... bonuses, we're in a culture, especially in the
Legislature, where there was no reform and business as usual."

Pennsylvania in 2006 awarded a casino license to a convicted felon.

"I know of no other state that has (casino) licensing where this has occurred,"
said Bill Thompson, a professor of business administration at the University of
Nevada at Las Vegas.

Louis DeNaples, a prominent Scranton businessman, was convicted of felony fraud
charges in 1978. He was licensed to run the Mt. Airy Casino Resort in 2006.
DeNaples was charged with perjury in January, accused of lying about the extent
to which he knew organized crime figures. He maintains his innocence and is
awaiting a preliminary hearing.

"Ever since gambling came on board (2004) there's an open door for crime and
corruption," said Rep. Paul Clymer, R-Bucks County.

A powerful state lawmaker for three decades, former Sen. Vincent Fumo,
D-Philadelphia, is on trial in federal court for allegedly defrauding taxpayers,
a nonprofit and a seaport museum of $3.5 million.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 13, 2008 Saturday

Which states are the most corrupt?

BYLINE: By Eamon Javers and Fred Barbash Politico

SECTION: BREAKING; News; National

LENGTH: 1532 words


A visibly disgusted FBI special agent Robert Grant stood at a podium in Chicago
during a news conference Tuesday, announcing the arrest of Gov. Rod Blagojevich
and hurling his contempt at the entire political culture of the state of
Illinois.

"If it is not the most corrupt state in the United States, it's certainly one
hell of a competitor," Grant said, his disheveled shock of black hair giving
some indication of the dramatic and stressful events of the day.

U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald termed the events leading up to the governor's
arrest by the FBI "a corruption crime spree" and said it was "an appalling
statement about what's been happening in Illinois government."

So just what is the problem with Illinois?

It certainly seems as if Illinois has a particular sweet spot for corruption.
Blagojevich's predecessor as governor, George Ryan, went to jail in 2007 on a 6
1/2-year sentence for corruption of his own.

And two other Illinois governors have faced legal trouble in modern times: Otto
Kerner, who was mocked locally as "Blotto Otto," and Dan Walker, who was charged
in a savings and loan scheme involving fraudulent loans for repairs on his
yacht, called The Governor's Lady.

Fitzgerald, who is known as a crusading prosecutor for his role in the Valerie
Plame CIA leak case, seemed to throw up his hands in despair, saying, "We're not
going to end corruption in Illinois by arrests and indictments alone."

He stressed that rooting out corruption would depend on the willingness of the
people of Illinois to solve the problem.

In that, Fitzgerald may be on to something. It turns out a state's culture is at
least as important to its degree of corruption as the aggressiveness of its law
enforcement officers.

And it's also true that some states are just plain more corrupt than others.

In an early attempt to explain why that is, the late Temple University political
science professor Daniel Elazar argued in the 1960s that the United States can
be divided into three general political cultures: moralistic, traditional and
individualistic.

In a moralistic culture, the professor argued, government is considered a good
thing, and officeholders are expected to look out for the general welfare. In a
traditional culture, citizens expect a hierarchical society. And individualistic
cultures value private efforts over collective ones. Broadly defined, the
moralistic areas of the U.S. were New England and the Midwest, the traditional
areas were clustered in the South, and individualistic culture centered on the
Atlantic seaboard in states like New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio and
... Illinois.

It's the individualistic states, where there is an ethos that encourages people
to be out for themselves, that corruption most easily takes root, argue some
political scientists. Just look at the states that make up the group: "That's
the corruption rogues' gallery," says Colgate University political science
professor Michael Johnston.

"Every state has its own flavor," he says, "but they all have a very high level
of risk for corruption."

THEORY FLAWED

But the regional theory has one big flaw: The most corrupt states aren't in the
"individualistic" part of the country.

In 2007, the publication Corporate Crime Reporter crunched Justice Department
statistics to rank the 35 most-populous states of the nation by corruption. The
top three? Louisiana, Mississippi and Kentucky. Illinois didn't even break the
top five, coming in sixth.

What gives? Colgate's Johnston says there's more to it than just regional
character. He's been studying political corruption since the 1970s, and he has
concluded that there are several key ingredients for political corruption. He
says those include multiple political cultures competing for dominance, such as
rural versus urban voters; tightly balanced party competition; and an elite
political culture in which politicians expect to see corruption in their daily
lives.

"Corruption becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy," Johnston says. "There's a real
qualitative change when people walk out the door of their home each morning
expecting to have to make payoffs."

That certainly seems to be the case in Illinois.

JUST BUSINESS

The scandal involving Kerner, for example, came to light only because one
participant deducted the value of bribes paid in the 1960s -- to win freeway
exits and other favorable treatment for her horsetrack -- on her income tax
returns. Her logic was that the payments were simply a part of doing business in
Illinois. By the time the payments for services rendered came to light in the
1970s, Kerner was a federal judge and resigned in the scandal.

With that kind of political tradition, Blagojevich may have presumed he'd find a
receptive audience for his alleged pay-to-play entreaties to other Illinois
political figures.

And just a few days ago, the Chicago Tribune reported Fitzgerald had been
shocked that a federal sting uncovered a ring of Illinois police officers who
allegedly had participated in what they thought was a drug ring -- even going so
far as to help offload and deliver packages they believed to contain drugs from
airplanes landing at an airport.

"When drug dealers deal drugs, they ought to be afraid of the police -- not turn
to them for help," Fitzgerald said at the time.

Not only does corruption seem to be concentrated in certain states, but it also
seems to go in waves throughout history.

'I STEAL MONEY'

Louisiana, the most corrupt state in the nation, has a long and colorful history
with political vice.

"I steal money," legendary Democratic Gov. Huey Long once boasted to an audience
at Louisiana State University in the 1930s, "but a lot of what I stole has
spilled over in no-toll bridges, hospitals and to build this university." Long
was assassinated in 1935. His successor as governor, Richard Leche, was forced
to resign amidst a string of high-level scandals but was sent to prison
afterward for his part in a scheme to sell trucks to the Louisiana Highway
Department.

Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards was pursued by prosecutors for virtually his entire
four terms. He relished the image of a populist rogue and contended that voters
in Louisiana didn't care about conventional corruption. The only way to lose an
election, he famously cracked, was to be "found in bed with a dead girl or a
live boy." In 1988, he was convicted and sent to federal prison after being
found guilty of racketeering, extortion and money laundering in connection with
help he provided Edward DeBartolo in securing a casino license.

Maryland, part of that Atlantic Coast "individualistic" culture, had an amazing
run of corruption in the 1960s and 1970s. During that period, some 15 elected
officials were convicted of political corruption, the most famous being Spiro
Agnew, who resigned as Richard Nixon's vice president in 1972 after pleading no
contest to charges of accepting tens of thousands of dollars in cash from
contractors in exchange for state contracts.

Agnew's successor, Marvin Mandel, took office as governor in January 1974
promising the state would no longer be "a postmark for greed, for corruption,
for kickbacks and payoffs." Three years later, he was convicted on federal
charges of accepting about $350,000 in gifts and favors from close friends in
exchange for state contracts and was sent to prison. Mandel's conviction was
overturned after he had served his sentence when the Supreme Court said the law
under which he was prosecuted was being misused.

It became clear during that investigation that bribery had become part of the
business model for many state and county contractors, and in quick succession,
the county executives of suburban Baltimore County and Anne Arundel County were
indicted and convicted of similar crimes.

One of the more candid of those officials, then-Anne Arundel County Executive
Joseph Alton, said in interviews at the time that he had simply been playing by
the rules as understood in Maryland at the time.

"It's like I got caught going 35 in a 30-mile zone," he said.

NEW JERSEY INFAMOUS

New Jersey, another so-called "individualistic" state, also has an infamous
political culture.

U.S. Attorney Christopher Christie, based in Newark, prosecuted more than 130
public officials during his seven years in office. Among them were the mayors or
executives of Paterson, Irvington, North Bergen, Essex County and Newark itself
as well as the president of the state Senate.

Just last month, another powerful former New Jersey state senator was convicted
of procuring millions of state dollars for a state university in exchange for a
phony job there that helped him triple his state pension.

"Like turnpike traffic and the stink from the Linden oil fields, political
corruption is one of those ugly aspects of life in New Jersey," the Newark
Star-Ledger said recently, as it produced a multimedia rogues' gallery of
recently convicted office-holders.

Colgate University's Johnston says one good thing about making a career of
studying political corruption is that it never goes away.

"You never run out of things to talk about," he said. "And everywhere I've been
in the United States, people say, 'If you want to learn about political
corruption, come to our town.' "

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 10, 2012 Sunday

Professors explain Illinois' corruption

BYLINE: Dave Bakke

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 714 words


If two professors are correct in their just published study, Illinois' sordid
history of dishonesty in state government may exist because the capital is here
instead of in Chicago.

That, says Dr. Filipe Campante of Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of
Government, plays a role in our state's problems with governmental corruption
because Springfield is in a sparsely populated downstate area.

This doesn't explain the history of corruption in Chicago city government, but
we'll get to that later.

Campante and Quoc-Anh Do of the school of economics at Singapore Management
University, combined to write, "Isolated Capital Cities, Accountability and
Corruption: Evidence from U.S. States," that is getting a lot of attention.
Springfield is a prime example of their thesis.

"Illinois and New York are the first two states that come to mind when we talk
about our study," Campante says. (You can read it at
http://files.sj-r.com/media/news/harvardstudy.pdf)

He has been interviewed on national media outlets from National Public Radio to
the Village Voice. Springfield usually comes up in the conversation (Hartford
Courant Web site headline: "So THAT'S Why Illinois is More Corrupt than
Colorado").

"We noted," Campante told the Village Voice's Victoria Bekiempis, "that there
was this vague perception among observers of U.S. state politics that isolated
places like Albany, New York or Springfield, Illinois, were particularly prone
to corruption, but that no one had actually tested that systematically."

I called Campante to ask about his study and its findings about small capital
cities like Springfield. He said, "An isolated capital (like Springfield) is
kind of a marker of heightened danger of corruption. It warrants special
vigilance."

In places like Springfield, government observers, including the local newspaper
and any watchdog groups that may exist, are crucial, he said.

"The watchdog," he said, "needs to bite more strongly and bark more loudly."

The problems of an "isolated capital city" such as this one, says the study, is
that people generally pay less attention, the media is less aggressive, and the
bulk of the state's population lives far from the capital city, so their
interest as well as likelihood of voting declines accordingly.

"Consistent with lower accountability," the study says, "there is also evidence
that there is more money in state-level political campaigns in those states with
isolated capitals."

Campante and Do developed a formula from the factors they studied. Part of it
involves taking the average number of federal convictions of public officials
for corruption-related crime (between 1976 and 2002), relative to population
size. That was plotted against two measures of the concentration of a state's
population around its capital city.

"Both panels," says the study, "show a clear pattern in which more isolated
capital cities are associated with more corruption."

That may be why city government in populous Chicago is excused. The number of
convictions there must be too small when compared with the population of the
metropolitan area. Springfield's ratio must be higher.

Campante says the research began with anecdotal evidence. He had Do followed the
news, heard stories and talked to people about smaller capital cities being
prone to corruption so they had a feeling. But there was no hard evidence to
back it up. He and Do had an interest in the political implications of where
people are located. If people live closer or farther from their state capital,
does it make a difference?

To put it another way, does the fact that so many Illinoisans live in the
Chicago area rather than downstate affect Illinois' record of corruption in
state government? The professor says it does.

"Once we looked at it," Campante says, "it jumped off the page, basically."

And so, I asked him what lessons can be drawn from the study's conclusions -
other than moving the capital to Chicago, that is.

"Be more vigilant about corruption, given the perception that you are more
prone," he said. "Push for increased transparency in government."

Whatever you may think of the study (it could be you don't consider Springfield
"isolated"), that is still sound advice, whether it is meant for Springfield or
a metropolitan state capital like Denver.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Study online. Read the full study at
http://files.sj-r.com/media/news/harvardstudy.pdf. Also, get more information at
www.stateintegrity.org/illinois.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 4, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bribery, fraud cases multiply;
171 indicted since '03; most are public officials

BYLINE: Rick Jervis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 535 words


NEW ORLEANS -- The number of public corruption cases here has more than
quintupled, sparked by a federal crackdown on post-Katrina wrongdoings and a
billboard campaign urging residents to expose crooked politics and payoffs, the
FBI said.

Federal statistics show that 171 people in the metropolitan area have been
indicted on public corruption charges from 2003 through mid-September of this
year, said Howard Schwartz, supervisory special agent for public corruption in
the FBI's New Orleans office. More than 80% were convicted or pleaded guilty to
charges including bribery and fraud.

The upsurge in indictments is partly the result of corruption fueled by the
enticement of billions of federal and state dollars flooding the region after
Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Schwartz said. Nationally, the number of pending
public corruption cases has increased 49% since 2001.

Schwartz said the increased New Orleans numbers are mostly due to a bolstered
federal crackdown, an aggressive public awareness campaign and more people
offering tips on offenders.

The majority of those indicted were elected or appointed officials, ranging from
police officers to a former school board president to City Council members,
Schwartz said.

Over the previous five years, 31 people were indicted in New Orleans corruption
cases -- meaning the figures have spiked 452%, Schwartz said.

The FBI crackdown is unprecedented in a region long plagued by corruption in
public office and which for more than 50 years has had a citizens crime
commission aimed at ferreting out political payoffs and shakedowns. Each year,
local and federal prosecutors indict public officials, including police
officers, teachers, judges and highway officials -- but nothing compares with
the past five years, said Ed Renwick, head of the Institute of Politics at
Loyola University.

"There's never been that much time and energy into trying to do something about
it," he said. "They're putting away a lot of people."

Some local officials said they hope the rest of the nation doesn't overreact to
the news.

"I'm in complete agreement of ferreting out public corruption wherever
possible," said J.P. Morrell, a state representative from New Orleans. "But I
don't want to create an environment where all public officials are automatically
perceived to be corrupt. ... It's not a witch hunt yet, but I could see how it
could turn into that."

The vast majority of public officials in Louisiana are law-abiding public
servants, said James Bernazzani, the FBI's special agent in charge in New
Orleans, but a handful are involved in a corruption culture that has deep roots
in the region.

The FBI office here has launched a public awareness campaign that includes radio
announcements and town hall meetings to coax more whistle-blowers and warn
public officials not to break the law, Bernazzani said. Investigators receive
five to 25 tips a week.

The most publicized bust has been the arrest in August of Oliver Thomas, a
popular city councilman. Thomas pleaded guilty to accepting nearly $20,000 in
bribes from a city hall vendor.

Bernazzani promised more to follow. "We have some ongoing investigations, as we
speak," he said. "Once they come up, they'll rock the city again."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: FBI, Eastern
Louisiana office (Line graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

California receives B- in corruption study

BYLINE: BRIAN JOSEPH Register columnist, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 430 words



HIGHLIGHT: State ranks fourth in a look at 14 areas of government.


Our readers, in their comments, often decry California government as utterly
corrupt. They'd be surprised to learn that a comprehensive study of
"transparency, accountability and anti-corruption mechanisms in all 50 states"
found that California is one of the least corrupt states in America.

The Golden State was ranked fourth best, with a B- grade, in the State Integrity
Investigation, a one-of-a-kind, data-driven assessment of laws and their
effectiveness in each state.

Published by the Center for Public Integrity, Global Integrity and Public Radio
International, the study combined "on-the-ground investigative reporting" with
"original data collection and analysis" to produce a State Integrity Index,
which measured 330 indicators across 14 areas of state government (public access
to information and ethics enforcement). Investigative News Source, a nonprofit
newsroom in San Diego, provided the California reporting.

The indicators not only assessed whether the state had a variety of anti-
corruption and transparency laws, but also whether they are effective in
practice.

No state earned an A grade, but five garnered B's: New Jersey, Connecticut,
Washington, California and Nebraska. Nineteen received C's, 18 got D's and eight
received failing grades: Michigan, North Dakota, South Carolina, Maine,
Virginia, Wyoming, South Dakota and Georgia.

The authors concluded that New Jersey and Illinois, ranked Nos. 1 and 10,
received high grades despite reputations for dirty politics because corruption
scandals spurred tough overhauls.

Meanwhile, the lowest-ranking states were largely sparsely populated places,
where "a small-town, neighborly approach to government and the honest belief
that 'everybody knows everybody' has overridden any perceived need for strong
protections in law."

In California, the authors found that the state ranked low in access to public
information (a conclusion echoed by an Orange County Register investigation last
year into exemptions to the state's public records law) while ranking very high
in transparency in its redistricting process (a conclusion rebutted by an
investigation in December by New York's ProPublica.)

The state also got high marks in campaign disclosure requirements and
contribution limits - but received low marks for the effectiveness of its laws.

Likewise, California was downgraded for the political influence wielded on the
board of the California Public Employees' Retirement System and for the lack of
transparency surrounding its budget process.

More Watchdog at  ocregister.com /watchdogblog.



bjoseph@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 31, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Study ranks Florida No. 1 in government corruption

BYLINE: WILLIAM MARCH, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 452 words


But critics say numbers don't tell the whole story

BY WILLIAM MARCH

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA An upcoming study by the new Integrity Florida watchdog group says Florida
leads the nation in government corruption.

The study will be the second major production of Integrity Florida, a public
interest watchdog group in Tallahassee.

The study, to be released in about a week, will show that Florida had 781
federal corruption convictions from 2000 to 2010, the most of any state,
executive director Dan Krassner told the Tampa Tribune editorial board.

In five of the last 12 years, the study shows, Florida led all states in at
least one category: It had the most criminal convictions among people in
government.

Florida's lead is partly because of its size, Krassner said, but the numbers are
still disproportionate.

"We're the fourth-largest state, soon to be the third-largest, and it makes
sense that we'd be up there," he said.

But the two largest, California and Texas, each led in only three of the last 12
years, compared with Florida's five.

Zealous prosecution doesn't explain the numbers, either, Krassner said, noting
the state Commission on Ethics doesn't have authority to launch its own
investigations.

Ethics commission executive director Virlindia Doss said she can't judge whether
the figures mean Florida is the nation's most corrupt state.

"I wouldn't be able to interpret the meaning of those numbers any more capably
than anybody else who reviewed them," Doss said. "It's like any kind of data --
it's hard to know what's causation and what's just correlation."

In other words, it's not clear whether the numbers are a result of ethics
problems specific to Florida or simply coincidence.

The study looked at convictions won by the Public Integrity section of the U.S.
Department of Justice, a data source that allows for state-by-state comparisons.

The cases included elected and appointed officials and staff, and most involved
local government officials, who outnumber state government officials.

The recent conviction of former Hillsborough County Commissioner Kevin White on
bribery and corruption charges is an example but isn't included in the study
results because it was too recent, Krassner said.

The figures do include the convictions of four Palm Beach County commissioners
on corruption charges from 2006 to 2010 -- events that earned the county the
title of "capital of Florida corruption" from Time magazine.

A University of Illinois study recently ranked Florida fourth in corruption from
1976-2010, but there's apparently been an upward trend, Krassner said.

wmarch@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7761

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 18, 2008 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

NATION DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 462 words


WASHINGTON

FBI chief wonders if we're 'becoming more crooked'

The FBI is grappling with growing numbers of public corruption cases and a surge
in mortgage fraud investigations, FBI Director Robert Mueller said Thursday,
wondering aloud whether Americans are "becoming more crooked."

In a speech to the American Bar Association, Mueller asked the assembled defense
lawyers for help in "creating a culture of integrity" by reporting evidence of
wrongdoing by politicians and corporate executives alike.

Currently, the FBI has 2,500 cases of public corruption under investigation, an
increase of 50 percent from five years ago, Mueller said.

At the same time, corporate fraud cases have increased by more than 80 percent,
Mueller said.

ANCHORAGE, ALASKA

Interior Dept. seeks more delay on polar bear ruling

The U.S. Department of the Interior says it needs at least 10 more weeks to
decide whether polar bears should be listed as threatened or endangered.

Assistant Secretary Lyle Laverty replied Thursday to a suit filed by three
conservation groups. He says the proposed listing raises "significant and
complex factual and legal issues."

A decision had been due Jan. 9.

Conservation groups petitioned to list polar bears as threatened more than three
years ago because many scientists say their habitat, sea ice, is shrinking
because of global warming.

Kassie Siegel, spokeswoman for the Center for Biological Diversity, says the
request for more time should be rejected. She says the law requires a decision
by scientists, not attorneys.

ARAPAHO, OKLA.

Sheriff accused of rape and bribery involving jail

Authorities have charged a western Oklahoma sheriff with coercing and bribing
female inmates so he could use them in a sex-slave operation run out of his
jail.

Custer County Sheriff Mike Burgess resigned Wednesday just as state prosecutors
filed 35 felony charges against him, including 14 counts of second-degree rape,
seven counts of forcible oral sodomy and five counts of bribery by a public
official. Burgess appeared in court Wednesday and was released after posting
$50,000 bail.

Briefly

- Food inspections: The head of the union that represents 6,000 federal food
inspectors told a congressional committee Thursday that the Agriculture
Department tried to intimidate him and other employees who reported food safety
regulations for slaughtered cattle, an allegation denied by the agency.

- Student loans: The House on Thursday backed a measure - similar to one
introduced in the Senate - aimed at ensuring students get college loans amid the
turmoil in the credit markets.

- Child killing: A man has admitted he kidnapped and strangled an 8-year-old
girl who was his neighbor in Woonsocket, R.I. Joshua Davis, 22, faces a life
sentence without parole for the murder of Savannah Smith.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Nation/World

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - SEATTLE TRIAL: Cheryl Stumbo (right) a victim of the shootings at the
Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle, and current Jewish Federation employee
Rachel Hynes comfort each other during testimony Thursday at the trial of Naveed
Haq, accused of killing one woman and wounding five on July 28, 2006, at the
Jewish Federation.  The Associated Press

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Two El Paso lawmakers seek apology from Texas AG Greg Abbott

BYLINE: By Aaron Bracamontes \ El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words



   Texas AG Greg Abbott unapologetic about 'third-world' public corruption
remarks

Two of El Paso's state Democratic lawmakers on Monday demanded that Republican
gubernatorial candidate Attorney General Greg Abbott apologize for his comments
on the condition of the U.S. border.

On Monday while speaking in El Paso, Abbott did not apologize. Instead, during
the press conference he said that drug cartels and gangs have infiltrated Texas
and those who do not believe in that danger have their heads in the sand.

"Our border presence is only part of addressing cross border crime in Texas. We
must also address the cartel- and gang-related crime penetrating our
communities, our schools and our prisons," Abbott said. "The safety of Texas and
the future of our state no longer allow us to await the federal government to
provide the resources we need to address these challenges."

"As governor, I will marshal the tools and resources we need to secure our
border and I will enforce the rule of law," he added.

In a teleconference, Texas Sen. Jose Rodriguez and state Rep. Mary Gonzalez said
Abbott, who is running against Fort Worth Democratic Sen. Wendy Davis for
governor, mischaracterize and exploited border communities such as El Paso last
week when justifying his plan to use $300 million over two year on border
security.

"Using $300 million to address a federal issues is a gross misusage of funds,"
Rodriguez said. "Meanwhile, our school system is underfunded and we are not
doing anything to take care of it."

According to the Associated Press, Abbott referenced a South Texas corruption
scandal where a former prosecutor was convicted for taking bribes during a Feb.
4 speech in Austin when he said, "This creeping corruption resembles third-world
country practices that erode the social fabric of our communities."

Abbott's plan to improve the border includes hiring 500 state troopers and
placing them along the Texas-Mexico border.

Both Rodriguez and Gonzalez questioned why Abbott focused on South Texas and why
he did not address corruption scandals in Dallas, Austin and Houston.

"When he talks about corruption he points at people of color and equates it to
third world countries," Gonzalez said.

Both members of the El Paso delegation stood with the Texas Democratic Party
asking for an apology from Abbott.

Gonzalez said she has been frustrated and concerned by Abbott's statements.

"It really demonstrates how out of touch he is with Texas' border communities,"
Gonzalez said. The statements, "have been made over and over again by our states
elected leaders."

The characterization of the border as a danger was "offensive but not unique,"
as Gov. Rick Perry twice said a car exploded in El Paso when it really happened
in Juarez, Gonzalez said.

"If you want to be the leader of a state like Texas, you have to be aware of the
issues in every part of the state," Gonzalez said.

Rodriguez said that while Abbott was in El Paso he should have toured the border
and met with community leaders.

While in El Paso, Abbott visited a trucking company and then met privately with
some business owners.

Aaron Bracamontes may be reached at 546-6156.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rudy GutierrezÑEl Paso Times Greg Abbott, Texas Attorney General and
gubernatorial candidate holds a campaign stop at Trans-Expedite Inc. at 7
Founders Blvd. where he unveiled more details about his Secure Texans policy
plan Monday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                             March 19, 2012 Monday

Pennsylvania gets a C- for its ability to withstand corruption

BYLINE: By JIM HOOK, Senior writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 885 words


Pennsylvania is among the majority of states doing a poor job delivering
transparency and accountability to citizens.

Statehouses remain ripe for corruption and self-dealing, according to an
assessment by the State Integrity Investigation.

Pennsylvania got a C-minus in integrity, even though legislators representing
the local area say the system improved dramatically in the past seven years.

The Center for Public Integrity, Public Radio International and Global Integrity
conducted the first-of-its-kind, data-driven assessment of transparency,
accountability and anti-corruption mechanisms in all 50 states:

-- Not a single state received an A from the months-long probe.

-- Only five states got a B grade.

-- 19 received a C.

-- 18 got a D.

-- Eight states received an F, a failing grade of 59 or less: North Dakota,
Michigan, South Carolina, Maine, Virginia, Wyoming, South Dakota and Georgia.

-- New Jersey got a B+ and was at the head of the class.

"I'm still in shock," New Jersey Senate Majority Leader Lorretta Weinberg told
the reporting team. "If we're number one, I feel bad for the rest of the
states."

The other four most transparent and accountable states are Connecticut,
Washington, California and Nebraska.

States with histories of corruption tend to have more recent and robust laws in
place to deter such behavior, according to investigators. Scandals often propel
states toward improved transparency and accountability. In the Garden State,
lawmakers have acted to pass some of the toughest ethics and anti-corruption
laws in the nation.

Recent political scandals in Pennsylvania have changed the risk of corruption
here. Former legislative leaders have been convicted of corruption. The House
and Senate enacted the Right to Know Act in 2008. Both chambers require freshman
lawmakers to receive ethics training.

Legislators say the "good old boy" network of leadership in Harrisburg has
fallen by the wayside.

"At this point, there's no more walking around money (WAM)," said Rep. Todd
Rock, R-Mont Alto. "There's no more 'give me your vote and I'll give you walking
around money.' There's no way to leverage the votes. Leadership is acceptable to
us, or we vote new leaders in."

More than half the House seats have changed hands since voters reacted to
legislators late-night vote for pay raises in 2005, Rock said. Party leaders
have a tougher time staying in power with that kind of turnover.

Senate leaders come to the party caucus with proposals that are discussed
openly, often for hours, according to Sen. Richard Alloway II, R-Chambersburg.
"It is very definitely an open process where leadership gets input from everyone
else," Alloway said.

"The key to keeping a good government is transparency and openness," Alloway
said. "We did pass a good right-to-know law and put real teeth in it for
offenders who violate it. I say everywhere I go: If people don't know what I'm
doing, that's not good. That's my protection - people knowing what I'm doing."

"Things have improved dramatically over the past few years in Harrisburg," said
Rep. Rob Kauffman, R-Chambersburg. "Recently enacted PennWATCH legislation
creates a searchable database for all state government spending."

Alloway, Rock and Kauffman all say there's room for improvement.

Kauffman said he is co-sponsoring HB 1200, which would create a Public Integrity
Commission to independently investigate and prosecute government corruption at
all levels.

James Taylor, a write-in candidate for the 33rd Senate District seat held by
Alloway, said Pennsylvania needs term limits for its legislators.

"Our president and governors have term limits," said Taylor, a Republican from
Mercersburg. "Why not legislators? A British writer of the 1700s famously said,
'Standing water soon stinks.' He was talking about politicians who hang onto
office until they have to be carried out."

Taylor said legislators have feathered their nest at the expense of taxpayers.

"How is Pennyslvania's state government accountable to citizens when (lawmakers)
award themselves pensions and plush medical plans that far exceed the benefits
received by average citizens, including other government workers?" Taylor said.
"How is it accountable when they know the pension system will not be supportable
in a couple years and evidence no interest in taking measures to forestall it?
Corruption is obvious when legislators accept enormous contributions from
special interests like unions, trial lawyers, and liquor and gambling interests,
then openly shape legislation to benefit those interests and appoint cronies to
the boards that govern those areas."

------

Jim Hook can be reached at 262-4759 and jhook@publicopinionnews.com

Pennsylvania state government received a C-minus in a news media assessment of
its ability to withstand corruption. It scored 71 out of 100 points and ranked
18th with Florida, Kentucky and North Carolina among the 50 states.

Pennsylvania scored:

-- 47 in political financing (ranked 46th among 50 states)

-- 82 in access to information (fourth)

-- 76 in executive accountability (21st)

-- 60 in lobbying disclosure (ranked 32nd among 50 states).

-- 82 in pension fund management (sixth).

-- 77 in ethics enforcement (10th).

-- 75 in insurance commissions (16th).

-- 50 in redistricting (31st).

The state ranked 38th in enforcement gaps.

Overall Ranking of States

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved

                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 28, 2014 Friday

Does corruption in Charlotte affect Cleveland County?

BYLINE: Jessica Pickens, The Star, Shelby, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


March 28--Corruption in Charlotte is a hot topic after Mayor Patrick Cannon's
arrest.

Allegations toward Cannon included soliciting and accepting bribes and items of
value in exchange for his official position, according to the U.S. justice
department.

When describing Cleveland County's location in the state, the proximity to
Charlotte is often a location descriptor.

Hundreds of tourists visit Cleveland County and the region when traveling to the
American Legion World Series games and visiting the Earl Scruggs Center.

With Cleveland County only 50 miles from Charlotte, how could this week's news
affect local businesses, economic development or tourism?

"Shelby is definitely a bedroom community of Charlotte,"  Gardner-Webb
University professor Ben Gaskins said. "I don't see this as potentially being
negative. If people get tired of corruption in the city, it could be a potential
draw to come to Shelby."

In 2011, the Democratic National Convention came to Charlotte, bringing people
to the region.

"I think this would make either party think twice, because neither would want to
be associated with corruption," Gaskins said. "However, New York City and
Chicago run these types of conventions and both have had major corruption. I
think the impact is limited, especially if someone takes over as mayor and runs
a clean office."

Kristin Fletcher, executive vice president of the Cleveland County Economic
Development Partnership, believes the negative attention will be short lived.

"Charlotte is a vibrant, growth-oriented city and I'm certain that this negative
news will not permanently tarnish the city's reputation, nor do I believe it
will ultimately impact their future economic growth," Fletcher said in an
e-mail. "Cleveland County continues to have a laser-focus on creating jobs and
enhancing our tax base and we will continue to promote our association with the
Charlotte Region; a relationship that we continue to benefit from."

Elected officials are focused on continuing to collaborate on projects and
remaining transparent in the public sector, Fletcher said.

Despite the corruption in the city, County Commissioner Chairman Jason Falls
thinks Cleveland County will remain a hometown community.

"I don't think it will affect our image in our area," Falls said. "People look
at our county and it's more rural and we have hometown kind of people."

Reach Jessica Pickens at 704-669-3332 or jpickens@shelbystar.com Follow on
Twitter at @StarJPickens.

___ (c)2014 The Star (Shelby, N.C.) Visit The Star (Shelby, N.C.) at
www.shelbystar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140328-SS-Does-corruption
-in-Charlotte-affect-Cleveland-County-0328-20140328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2014 The Star

                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Aljazeera.net

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Scores held in US corruption probe

LENGTH: 502 words



More than 40 people, including politicians, officials and prominent rabbis, have
been arrested in connection with corruption, money laundering and organ
trafficking in the US state of New Jersey.
The sweeping investigation, which saw 44 people arrested in raids on Thursday,
is believed to be one of the biggest such actions in a state long associated
with corruption.


Authorities said the arrests were part of a two-pronged 10-year investigation
called "Operation Bid Rig".
Five rabbis were among suspects arrested, along with the mayors of Hoboken,
Secaucus and Ridgefield, prosecutors said.
Ed Kahrer, an assistant special agent in charge of the FBI's white collar crime
and public corruption programme in New Jersey, called corruption "a cancer that
is destroying the core values of this state".
"New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if not the worst, in the
nation," Kahrer, who has worked on the investigation since it began in July
1999, said.
"It has become ingrained in New Jersey's political culture."
Organ trading
Investigators used an informant, a real estate developer charged with bank fraud
three years ago, to uncover a money laundering ring and organ trafficking, as
well as corruption by politicians who exploited loopholes in state law to
disguise bribes as campaign contributions.
The politicians arrested in the investigation were not accused of any
involvement in the money laundering or the trading in human organs.
The money laundering network is alleged to have laundered tens of millions of
dollars through Jewish charities controlled by rabbis in New York and New
Jersey.
They laundered some $3m for the undercover witness between June 2007 and July
2009, authorities said.
Investigators raided several synagogues and among those arrested was Saul
Kassin, the chief rabbi of Syrian Jews in the US.
Those arrested also included Levy Izhak Rosenbaum, a Brooklyn rabbi, who was
charged with conspiring to arrange the sale of an Israeli citizen's kidney for
$160,000 for a transplant for the informant's fictitious uncle.
Rosenbaum was quoted as saying he had been arranging the sale of kidneys for 10
years.
'Public corruption'
Ralph Marra, the acting US attorney, told a press conference that the sweep
demonstrated "the pervasive nature of public corruption in this state".
"The politicians willingly put themselves up for sale," he said, while
"clergymen cloak their extensive criminal activity behind a facade of
rectitude".
US television footage showed FBI and tax agents bringing a stream of handcuffed
suspects, including the rabbis wearing traditional Orthodox Jewish garb, into
custody in the city of Newark.
Most of the defendants facing corruption charges were released on bail.
The money laundering defendants faced bail between $300,000 and $3m, and most
were ordered to submit to electronic monitoring.
New Jersey has long been notorious for official corruption and organised crime
and is best known as the setting for the popular television show "The Sopranos".

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 59


                  Copyright 2009 Aljazeera.net - Aljazeera.net
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

PHOTO-OP CORRUPTION FIGHT

BYLINE: Palm Beach Post Editorial

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 578 words


Florida doesn't need a statewide grand jury on political corruption, but the
state could use one on political pandering. Gov. Crist would draw the first
indictment.

On Monday, the Florida Supreme Court correctly rejected the governor's request
for that anti-corruption grand jury. Barely an hour later, Gov. Crist filed a
second petition to empanel a grand jury that would probe political corruption.
In that petition, the governor says, "A need exists to examine this type of
criminal activity and identify whether Florida's prosecutors have sufficient
resources and statutes to effectively combat corruption to Florida's
communities."

Legally, Gov. Crist doesn't have a case. Florida law provides for a statewide
grand jury if an issue affects more than one of the 20 judicial circuits. In
August 2007, a statewide grand jury on gangs convened in Palm Beach County.
Gangs don't observe county lines, and some gangs based in this area operated as
far away as Tallahassee. For that issue, a statewide grand jury made sense.

Gov. Crist argues that the arrest in October of three Broward County
politicians, which followed prison sentences for five Palm Beach County
politicians, makes corruption a multi-circuit issue. There's no evidence,
though, that those politicians conspired across county lines. Also, Gov. Crist
wants the grand jury to focus only on South Florida and Southwest Florida. So,
the rest of the state, including Tallahassee, is clean?

More important, the governor wants to help his image more than he wants to deal
with the problem. He filed the first petition for a grand jury seven weeks ago,
after the arrest on corruption charges of a Broward County ophthalmologist who
had served on the governor's transition team. This week, the FBI arrested Scott
Rothstein, the Fort Lauderdale lawyer accused of running a $1 billion Ponzi
scheme. Rothstein raised $675,000 just for Gov. Crist's campaign, and had been a
regular fund-raiser and adviser ever since.

In his second petition, Gov. Crist said that he acted "after consultation" with
the state attorneys. Sure. He consulted none of them before asking the first
time for the grand jury. His "consultation" probably amounted to a meeting last
month at which he finally acknowledged receiving and reading the report by the
Palm Beach County grand jury that examined corruption. State Attorney Michael
McAuliffe sent the report to the governor back on May 28.

On Page 36 of that report are four recommendations to the Legislature for laws
that would make it easier for those state attorneys to prosecute political
corruption. Federal authorities, using the "honest services" law, have made all
the arrests in South Florida. As Sen. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, said after the
Florida Supreme Court ruling, "The truth is, much of what is wrong isn't even
illegal." Sen. Gelber is a former federal prosecutor who's running for state
attorney general. This year, he filed a bill to create a state version of honest
services fraud. It didn't get a hearing, and it didn't get support from Gov.
Crist.

If Gov. Crist wants to deter corruption, he can take that Palm Beach County
grand jury report to the Senate president and House speaker and tell them to
write those four recommendations into bills and pass them. He doesn't need a
grand jury to know whether state prosecutors "have sufficient resources and
statutes to effectively combat corruption to Florida's communities." They don't,
and pandering won't help them.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Crist

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 29, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Cop's order: 'Cover it up!' / Evidence ignored, NYC prober says

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Top-ranking police officers thwarted investigations of widespread corruption to
save the nation's largest police force from major scandals, Internal Affairs
investigator Sgt. Joseph Trimboli testified Tuesday.

Trimboli told how his five-year pursuit of a nest of rogue cops - led by former
police officer Michael Dowd - was systematically stymied by top brass in the
Internal Affairs Division.

"They did not want this investigation to exist," he said. "They wanted it to go
away."

Trimboli testified that a Brooklyn police commander was stunned by the
constellation of corrupt cops pictured on his office wall.

But before Trimboli could explain his diagram of the corruption-riddled 75th
precinct, he said, his commander barked: "Cover it up!"

The order is symbolic of the testimony coming out of a mayoral commission's
police corruption hearings that have rocked this city.

Today, the Mollen Commission hearings are expected to focus on the brutality and
corruption of Bronx officer Bernie Cawley. Cawley was so good at inflicting
injury he was nicknamed "The Mechanic" by an admiring sergeant, The Associated
Press reported.

"I used to tune people up," Cawley recalls in videotaped testimony.

In his testimony, Trimboli detailed how department chiefs ignored reams of
evidence that Dowd and other officers stole money from the dead, robbed drug
dealers, and divvied up their take in the back room of a Brooklyn bar.

Trimboli's investigation widened beyond Dowd to include as many as 25 officers,
he said.

"It was absolutely mindboggling," Trimboli said. "I couldn't comprehend, in
1988, police officers becoming involved in this magnitude" of corruption.

Dowd, the star witness of the first day's hearings, painted a vivid picture of
unchecked corruption and its rewards.

He counted among his rewards: a red Corvette; four homes; $ 8,000 a week payoffs
from drug dealers; and lavish vacations. Dowd, eventually arrested on drug
charges, faces 12 to 15 years in prison.

Two other witnesses - one a police informant wearing a navy blue ski mask, the
other a detective hidden behind a screen - told how senior commanders ruined a
1991 sting operation set to snag nearly two dozen officers in Manhattan's 9th
Precinct.

Three weeks before the informant was to wear a wire to gather evidence for the
bust, commanders ordered the arrest of the main suspect.

Neither the witnesses nor investigators have been able to learn who gave the
order.

But, they said, its intent was clear: quash a precinct-wide scandal.

"Fragment it," said a transcript of a Mollen Commission staff interview with an
unidentified senior officer. That way, "it don't make headlines."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, AP; PHOTOS, b/w, Joe Tabacca, AP (2)

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            October 12, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

INSTITUTE INSPECTOR GENERAL TO FIGHT CORRUPTION

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 244 words


The recent column "Corruption thrives on buddy system" (Joel Engelhardt, Sept.
25) discusses two examples of government corruption in Palm Beach County. It is
probably only the tip of an iceberg. This type of local governmental corruption
is under attack in several states, counties and cities where strong inspector
general-type organizations have been created.

Most of these statutory inspector general organizations audit and investigate
government activities, procurement and contracts and, when they discover
criminal activity, work with appropriate federal, state and local prosecutors.
Beginning in 1978, every major federal agency has an inspector general. This
system also exists in Florida and in Miami-Dade County. In 1996, as a result of
a referendum to amend the county's home rule charter, the Miami-Dade County
Commission on Ethics and Public Trust was established. It also established an
office of inspector general. This office has a substantial record in
successfully investigating corruption.

At this time, we know there is a corruption problem in Palm Beach County, and it
is time for citizens to push for a referendum to create the necessary agency
that would ensure that we have honest government. Let's do it now.

ARTHUR SINAI

Boynton Beach

Editor's note: Arthur Sinai was an inspector general for nine years for the Los
Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority, after retiring from many
years in similar positions for federal agencies.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the Editor

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

NATO shares blame for Afghanistan's woes - paper

LENGTH: 438 words


Text of editorial in Pashto, "Administrative corruption, continued war,
narcotics production and unemployment are major challenges in Afghanistan",
published by anti-government Afghan daily newspaper Weesa on 19 July

All speculation that the US and NATO presence in Afghanistan is in the interest
of Afghanistan have proved wrong ever since they arrived in Afghanistan in 2001
parading as the international community.

Afghanistan is currently facing many challenges but administrative corruption,
war, narcotics and unemployment top the chart of challenges. The government of
Afghanistan cannot shirk its share of the blame but it would be very unfair to
assume that the USA and other NATO members, especially the USA and Britain had
no role to play in this issue. It was NATO member countries that invested in
warlords in Afghanistan and opened the doors of corruption for them. They also
opened the gates for corruption through different organisations. This explains
why the work undertaken by [non-government] organisations proved to be of low
quality. NATO mostly gave projects to organisations that were its partners in
corruption.

War is another challenge that can be blamed on NATO in addition to the role
played by a number of Afghanistan's neighbouring countries. Does NATO, led by
the USA and Britain, not know where fighters in Afghanistan are trained before
they are sent to Afghanistan? The USA can see it very well, but it looks the
other way. Therefore, the claim that in addition to a number of neighbours, NATO
is also playing a role in the war in Afghanistan is not wrong.

Illegal drugs present the third major challenge. We saw how just one decree
issued by the former Taliban leader Mullah Omar eradicated poppy in Afghanistan
when the Taliban were in power. Now, however, despite the presence of more than
40 world countries in Afghanistan, Afghanistan is suffering from illegal drugs.
But we understand that complaints about narcotics production in Afghanistan are
merely aimed at misdirecting the pubic. Who transports tens of thousands of
tonnes of illegal drugs to Western markets? If it is argued that illegal drugs
are a main source of income for the opposition, then it is also true that
foreign forces and the international mafia are involved in the illegal drugs
trade.

Combined, these factors have contributed to unemployment in Afghanistan which
has, in turn, forced the youth to either leave the country or participate in the
war, which has been imposed on the Afghans. It has forced them to cut off their
own roots by their own hands in order to earn a loaf of bread.

Source: Weesa in Pashto 19 Jul 16

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      February 12, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Brian Mich, Managing Director, BDO Consulting to Speak at KG's Event

BYLINE: The Knowledge Group

LENGTH: 756  words


New York, NY,  February 12, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge
Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused
webcasts, has announced today that Brian Mich, Managing Director will speak at
the Knowledge Congress' webcast entitled: "The A-Z's of Anti-Corruption
Compliance: What You Need to Know in 2016 and Beyond Live Webcast." This event
is scheduled for February 16, 2016 from 12:00pm - 2:00pm (ET).

For further details, please visit:

https://theknowledgegroup.org/event-homepage/?event_id=1232

About Brian Mich

Brian Mich leads the firm's U.S. Anti-Corruption Compliance & Investigations
practice. He has more than 25 years of experience as a consultant and
prosecutor, investigating complex financial and white-collar crimes, including
fraud, embezzlement, FCPA violations, money laundering, and tax violations.
Formerly Senior Counsel to the Independent Inquiry Committee into the United
Nations Oil-For-Food Programme in Iraq, he investigated alleged corruption and
mismanagement involving entities around the world, interfacing with
prosecutorial, law enforcement and regulatory authorities from numerous
international jurisdictions.

Brian has assisted companies in developing, implementing and testing anti-
corruption compliance programs and assisted counsel in conducting internal
investigations, including those in response to inquiries by the Department of
Justice and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as the state
attorneys general. Brian is a member of the leadership team assisting the
Monitor for the Office for Mortgage Settlement Oversight and serves as Project
Leader for the monitorship of the renovation of the Jacob K. Javits Convention
Center. He is also the Co-project Leader of the BDO team monitoring Western
Union's compliance with a settlement agreement related to its anti-money
laundering efforts. Brian is also a member of the leadership team assisting the
monitors who are overseeing the Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities (RMBS)
settlements for JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America. Additionally, he
served as a member of the leadership team overseeing BDO's evaluation of the
Gulf Coast Claims Facility.

About BDO Consulting

BDO Consulting, a division of BDO USA, LLP, provides clients with Financial
Advisory, Business Advisory and Technology Services in the U.S. and around the
world, leveraging BDO's global network of nearly 60,000 professionals. Having a
depth of industry expertise, we provide rapid, strategic guidance in the most
challenging of environments to achieve exceptional client service. For more
information, please visit www.bdo.com.

Event Synopsis:

An appropriate and effective compliance program to address corruption and to
mitigate legal risks is essential for any company today. Compliance programs
help to identify risks, offer guidelines on dealing with ambiguities, and help
to identify and control misconduct. Often, corruption poses a more serious
threat in terms of business development than it does for risk of prosecution. As
an example, following a bribe, management may remain under the illusion that its
offer is competitive.

However, to be effective, all members of the company must be involved in an
institutionalized anti-corruption program. This includes the Board of Directors
who may view it as it as a legal issue and not as a strategic concern.

At The Knowledge Group, the panel of key thought leaders and practitioners will
discuss The A-Z's of Anti-Corruption Compliance and help understand What You
Need to Know in 2016 regarding Anti-Corruption enforcement, principles,
guidelines, and programs and how to handle common pitfalls, risks, and
compliance issues.

Key topics include:

- Anti-Corruption Compliance - An Overview

- Anti-Corruption Enforcement Activities

- Corporate Compliance Strategies

- Revisiting Anti-Corruption Principles of Businesses

- Internal and External Challenges

- Developing an Anti-Corruption Ethics and Compliance Program

- Regulatory Developments

- Compliance and Litigation Risks

- Best Practices

About The Knowledge Group, LLC/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series

The Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased,
objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and
regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to
deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in
a highly focused format. To contact or register to an event, please visit:
http://theknowledgegroup.org

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 9, 2008 Tuesday

Why is Illinois so corrupt?

BYLINE: Eamon Javers and Fred Barbash, Politico

SECTION: POLITICS; News

LENGTH: 1562 words


(Politico) A visibly disgusted FBI special agent Robert Grant stood at a podium
in Chicago during a press conference today announcing the arrest of Gov. Rod
Blagojevich and hurling his contempt at the entire political culture of the
state of Illinois.

"If it is not the most corrupt state in the United States, it's certainly one
hell of a competitor," Grant said, his disheveled shock of black hair giving
some indication of the dramatic and stressful events of the day.

U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald termed the events leading up to the governor's
early-morning arrest by the FBI, "a corruption crime spree," and said it was "an
appalling statement about what's been happening in Illinois government."

So just what is the problem with Illinois?

It certainly seems like Illinois has a particular sweet spot for corruption:
Blagojevich's own predecessor as governor, George Ryan, went to jail in 2007 in
a 6-1/2 year sentence for corruption of his own.

And two other Illinois governors have faced legal trouble in modern times:
Governor Otto Kerner, Jr., who was mocked locally as "Blotto Otto," and former
governor Daniel Walker, who was charged in a savings and loan scheme involving
fraudulent loans for repairs on his yacht, which was called The Governor's Lady.

Fitzgerald, who is known as a crusading prosecutor for his role in the Valerie
Plame CIA leak case, seemed to throw up his hands in despair, saying: "We're not
going to end corruption in Illinois by arrests and indictments alone." He
stressed that rooting out corruption would depend on the willingness of the
people of Illinois to solve the problem.

In that, Fitzgerald may be on to something. It turns out that a state's culture
is at least as important to its degree of corruption as the aggressiveness of
its law enforcement officers.

And it's also true that some states are just plain more corrupt than others.

In an early attempt to explain why that is, the late Temple University political
science professor Daniel J. Elazar argued in the 1960s that the United States
can be divided in to three general political cultures, moralistic, traditional
and individualistic.

In a moralistic culture, the professor argued, government is considered to be a
good thing, and officeholders expected to look out for the general welfare. In a
traditional culture, citizens expect a hierarchical society. And individualistic
cultures value private efforts over collective ones. Broadly defined, the
moralistic areas of the US were New England and the Midwest, the Traditional
areas were clustered in the south, and individualistic culture centered on the
Atlantic seaboard in states like New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio and
... Illinois.

It's the individualistic states, where there is an ethos that encourages people
to be out for themselves, where corruption most easily takes root, argue some
political scientists. Just look at the states that make up the group: "That's
the corruption rogues gallery," says Colgate University political science
professor Michael Johnston. "Every state has its own flavor," he says, "but they
all have a very high level of risk for corruption."

But the regional theory has one big flaw: The most corrupt states aren't in the
"individualistic" part of the country.

In 2007, the publication Corporate Crime Reporter crunched Department of Justice
statistics to rank the 35 most populous states of the nation by corruption. The
top three? Louisiana, Mississippi and Kentucky - which can be better thought of
as broadly representing the "moralistic" states. Illinois didn't even break the
top five, coming in sixth on the list.

What gives? Colgate's Johnston says that there's more to it than just regional
character. He's been studying political corruption since the 1970s, and has
concluded that there are several key ingredients for political corruption. He
says those include multiple political cultures competing for dominance, such as
rural versus urban voters, tightly balanced party competition, and an elite
political culture in which politicians expect to see corruption in their daily
lives.

"Corruption becomes a self fulfilling prophecy," Johnston says. "There's a real
qualitative change when people walk out the door of their home each morning
expecting to have to make payoffs."

That certainly seems to be the case in Illinois.

The scandal involving Otto Kerner Jr., for example, only came to light because
one of the participants deducted the value of bribes paid in the 1960s--to win
freeway exits and other favorable treatment for her horsetrack--in her income
tax returns. The logic was that the payments were simply a part of doing
business in Illinois. By the time the payments for services rendered came to
light in the 1970s, Kerner was a federal judge and resigned in the scandal.

With that kind of political tradition, Blagojevich may have presumed that he'd
find a receptive audience for his alleged pay-to-play entreaties to other
Illinois political figures.

And just a few days ago, The Chicago Tribune reported that Fitzgerald had been
shocked that a federal sting uncovered a ring of Illinois police officers who
had allegedly participated in what they thought was a drug ring - even going so
far as to help offload and deliver packages they believed to contain drugs from
airplanes landing at an airport in the states. "When drug dealers deal drugs,
they ought to be afraid of the police - not turn to them for help," Fitzgerald
said at the time.

Not only does corruption seem to be concentrated in certain states, it also
seems to go in waves throughout history.

Louisiana, the most corrupt state in the nation, has a long and colorful history
with political vice. "I steal money," legendary Democratic Gov. Huey Long once
boasted to an audience at Louisiana State University in the 1930s, "but a lot of
what I stole has spilled over in no-toll bridges, hospitals and to build this
university."

Long was assassinated in 1935. His successor as governor, Richard Leche, was
forced to resign amidst a string of high level scandals but was sent to prison
afterwards for his part in a scheme to sell trucks to the Louisiana Highway
Department.

Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards was pursued by prosecutors for virtually his entire
four terms. He relished the image of a populist rogue, and contended that voters
in Louisiana didn't care about conventional corruption. The only way to lose an
election, he famously cracked, was to be "found in bed with a dead girl or a
live boy." In 1988 he was convicted and sent to Federal prison after being found
guilty of racketeering, extortion and money laundering in connection with help
he provided Edward J. DeBartolo, Jr., in securing a casino license.

Maryland, part of that Atlantic coast "individualistic" culture, had an amazing
run of corruption of its own in the 1960's and 70s. During that period some 15
high elected officials were convicted of political corruption, the most famous
being Spiro T. Agnew, who resigned as Richard Nixon's vice-president in 1972
after pleading no contest to charges of accepting tens of thousands of dollars
in cash from contractors in exchange for state contracts.

Agnew's successor, Marvin Mandel, took office as Governor in January, 1974
promising that the state would no longer be "a postmark for greed, for
corruption, for kickbacks and payoffs." Three years later he was convicted on
Federal charges of accepting roughly $350,000 in gifts and favors from close
friends in exchange for state contracts and sent to prison. Mandel's conviction
was overturned after he served his sentence when the Supreme Court said the law
under which he was prosecuted was being misused.

It became clear during that investigation that bribery had become part of the
business model for many state and county contractors, and in quick succession,
the county executives of suburban Baltimore County and Anne Arundel County were
indicted and convicted of similar crimes.

One of the more candid of those officials, then-Anne Arundel County Executive
Joseph Alton, said in interviews at the time that he had simply been playing by
the rules as understood in Maryland at the time. "It's like I got caught going
35 in a 30 mile zone," he said.

New Jersey, another so-called "individualistic" state, also has an infamous
political culture.

U.S. Attorney Christopher Christie, based in Newark, prosecuted more than 130
public officials during his seven years in office. Among them were the mayors or
executives of Paterson, Irvington, North Bergen, Essex County and Newark itself
as well as the president of the State Senate.

Just last month, another powerful former New Jersey State Senator was convicted
of procuring millions of state dollars for a state university in exchange for a
phony job there that helped him triple his state pension. "Like Turnpike traffic
and the stink from the Linden oil fields, political corruption is one of those
ugly aspects of life in New Jersey," the Newark Star-Ledger said recently, as it
produced a multi-media "rogues gallery' of recently-convicted office-holders.

Colgate University's Johnston says one good thing about making a career of
studying political corruption is that it never goes away.

"You never run out of things to talk about," he said. "And everywhere I've been
in the United States, people say, 'If you want to learn about political
corruption, come to our town.'"

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Star of Mysore (India)

                          December 26, 2012 Wednesday

SCHOLAR DELIVERS LECTURE ON GOVERNANCE AND POLITICAL ECONOMY AT MYRA

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: Mysore


ysore, Dec. 26 -- Pranab Bardhan, a scholar on developmental economics and
political economy, delivered a lecture on corruption in India as the plenary
speaker at the 'Workshop on Governance and Political Economy' organised by
University of Warwick and MYRA School of Business at the school premises in
Yelwal here recently.

Bardhan, who is a Professor of Economics at UC Berkeley, was skeptical of the
good that hyper-vigilance to corruption can do. While speaking about the dangers
of dramatising corruption, he referenced Nehru?s famous quote: "Merely shouting
from the house-tops that everybody is corrupt creates an atmosphere of
corruption. People feel they live in a climate of corruption and they get
corrupted themselves!"

Calling into question the methods of Anna Hazare, he stated, "Overzealousness in
setting up an ombudsman such as Jan Lok-pal can stifle honest and dynamic
leadership by public-sector officials. An atmosphere of suspected pervasive
corruption causes people to function hesitantly and ineffectively. It leads to
policy paralysis and a culture of cynicism."

He also discussed the unique nature of corruption in India vis-a-vis other
countries. In India, promotions in government are largely seniority based,
whereas in China, they are based on how good the local economy has performed.
This system allows India?s politicians to milk their constituency dry, according
to the scholar.

Speakers and delegates from various international institutions including UC
Berkeley, Paris School of Economics, Max Planck Institute of Economics,
Vanderbilt University, Columbia University, Delhi School of Economics and New
York University were present.The workshop was organised by Prof. Amrita Dhillon,
University of Warwick and Prof. Shalini Urs, MYRA School of Business in
association with the Association for Public Economic Theory. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Star of Mysore. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Star Of Mysore
                              All Rights Reserved

                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Justices question Vermont campaign-finance limits

BYLINE: Joan Biskupic

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 314 words


WASHINGTON -- Supreme Court justices voiced sharp skepticism Tuesday for a
Vermont law that strictly limits what candidates may receive and spend on their
state political campaigns.

Justice Anthony Kennedy called the regulations "highly restrictive."

Chief Justice John Roberts questioned whether the limits could be justified
because of fears of possible political corruption in the state.

Roberts asked Vermont Attorney General William Sorrell, defending the
campaign-finance limits, how many political corruption cases he has prosecuted.
Sorrell said none. Roberts then asked whether Sorrell would describe the state
as "clean" or "corrupt."

Sorrell acknowledged that Vermont's top officials had not been among those
politicians convicted for public corruption in recent years, but he insisted the
"threat of corruption" is real.

Vermont's law was passed in 1997 but has not taken effect because of the
litigation. It would limit contributions from individuals to $200-$400 per
election, depending on the race. The law also would cap how much a candidate for
statewide office could spend in a two-year election cycle.

For example, someone running for governor would be limited to spending $300,000
on the campaign. A candidate for lieutenant governor would be limited to
$100,000, and other statewide offices to $45,000. The spending limit could be a
challenge to a Supreme Court's 1976 decision, in the wake of a campaign-finance
law after the Watergate scandal, that allowed the government to limit
contributions to candidates but said campaign spending was a form of free speech
that could not be impinged.

James Bopp, who represents Vermont Republicans and others challenging the law,
said Tuesday that the regulations would relegate the candidates to being "bit
players" in their own campaigns, because they would be unable to get out their
message.

A ruling is likely by the end of June.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Reuters
PHOTO, B/W, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                            September 7, 2007 Friday

Return to Pa.'s 'bad old days'?

BYLINE: G. Terry Madonna, Michael L. Young

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 964  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


G. TERRY MADONNA and MICHAEL L. YOUNG

What are we to make, if anything, of the rash of recent allegations and legal
actions in Pennsylvania linked to public corruption?

The list is a growing one: a former state House member sentenced for campaign
violations; a 139 count federal indictment against a state senator for
conspiracy, fraud and obstruction of justice; an ongoing state attorney
general's investigation of legislative bonuses tied to campaign work; a grand
jury scrutinizing circumstances surrounding a casino license; an attorney
general's investigation of a former House leader's nonprofit; the conviction of
a Philadelphia councilman for bribery; and the indictment of a state appeals
court judge for fraud.

Some will argue that, distressing as these are, we should be careful to not make
too much of them. The bulk of the cases cited at this point are allegations,
ongoing investigations or indictments awaiting trial. Some of them may well bear
no fruit.

Furthermore, Pennsylvania's recent experience with public malfeasance has
featured comparatively little major public corruption. There have been some
exceptions, but since the late 1970s, public scandals have been relatively tame.
Gone are the "bad old days" when leading state politicians gained fame by
inventing clever ways to break the law and corrupt the system.

By contrast to that era, the private sins of Pennsylvania's public officials
these days have more closely resembled the type of social and psychological
pathologies exhibited on Dr. Phil or Oprah Winfrey.

And so misconduct, such as choking one's girlfriend, alcohol abuse, petty
thievery, public drunkenness and vehicular homicide, has been the norm for
contemporary elected officials in trouble.

Repugnant as these offenses may be, they are not the classical political
corruption traditionally experienced in Pennsylvania. They do not point to
systematic problems in the institutions of representative government, and they
are not typically about money.

And yet, reassuring as this may be, there is an unsettling sense or foreboding
in the newer corruption cases that they are different.

The offenses charged are no longer the Oprah-style peccadilloes of errant
politicians, but something else, something that looks much like the old-style
corruption that once was a working synonym for Pennsylvania politics.

As recently as the 1970s, public corruption was rife in Pennsylvania. Kickbacks,
fraud, macing, bribery, job-selling and income tax evasions were common
offenses.

Could it happen again? Might Pennsylvania's corrupt past be prologue to a
corrupt future? Optimists and pessimists will answer this question very
differently.

The optimist makes some strong points. Important changes since the 1970s have
significantly altered the climate in which corruption flourished. In particular,
traditional patronage that inspired much of the earlier corruption is now
largely gone.

In addition, gubernatorial leadership has been consistently anti-corruption
since the scandals of the Shapp administration. Beginning with Dick Thornburgh
in 1979, Pennsylvania has elected a series of governors who would not tolerate
corruption.

Finally, the optimist argues corruption will not come back because the price is
too high: Voters will not tolerate it. Indeed, electoral vengeance is now meted
out regularly to any politician tainted with it.

But the pessimists are not persuaded with these cheery arguments. They believe
the culture of corruption so long dominant in the state may be set for a
comeback.

Pessimists argue that the recent spate of public-corruption cases alarmingly
mirrors the old-style corruption in which officials converted public resources
to private gain.

But more than parallels with the past alarm the pessimists. They believe a
climate favorable to resurgent public corruption has evolved as campaigns become
staggeringly expensive while the traditional parties supply less and less
support to candidates.

Into this vacuum have stepped private contributors and lobbyists with enormous
amounts of ready cash, and corruption thrives on ready cash.

Indeed, the political system is awash in it. Little of it is adequately
accounted for, and all of it is temptingly available to a politician who will
pay for it.

Furthermore, argues the pessimist, the introduction of gaming into the state may
replicate the conditions that have led to widespread corruption in other
jurisdictions.

Neither optimist nor pessimist monopolizes truth here. We are not, after all,
going to return to the state's infamous "age of boodle" in which everything and
anything was for sale. Those bad old days are gone for good.

Moreover, many of the conditions that produced them, such as wholesale patronage
and contract selling, have been ended or severely curtailed.

But, we should not be lulled by the progress that has been made. The many
harbingers of resurgent public corruption are troubling and collectively belie
any argument that corruption is passe in Pennsylvania. To the contrary, both the
motive and the opportunity for corruption may be increasing.

Nor can state history be forgotten. The ghosts of corruptions past hover
ominously over the landscape of state politics. For more than a century since
the Civil War through the 1970s, Pennsylvania wallowed in a sordid quagmire of
public corruption and political infamy. The political culture that nourished
this corruption may be forgotten, but it is not entirely gone.

The return of systematic public corruption in Pennsylvania is not inevitable,
but neither should we blithely conclude it isn't possible. The warning signs are
flashing and we ignore them at our peril.

G. Terry Madonna is a professor of public affairs at Franklin and Marshall
College. Michael Young is managing partner of Michael Young Strategic Research.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 14, 2010 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

READY TO STAMP OUT CORRUPTION U.S. att'y takes aim at crooked pols

BYLINE: BY ALISON GENDAR, JAMES GORDON MEEK and LARRY McSHANE DAILY NEWS STAFF
WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 554 words


IN U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara's view of history, corruption was invented around
the same time as fire and the wheel.

"Unscrupulous cavemen no doubt fleeced unsuspecting Neanderthals out of clubs
and animal skins when the opportunity arose," the prosecutor observed drolly
last November.

The crimes evolved along with the species, as Bharara knows only too well. Just
six months into the job, the prosecutor is making corruption a top priority -
targeting public servants and the private sector.

Last week's 13-count indictment of City Councilman Larry Seabrook (D-Bronx) was
the latest salvo from Bharara, an Obama nominee sworn in Aug. 13, 2009.

"In my office, we have a thriving and successful public corruption unit,"
Bharara said in a speech this month. "At the moment, business is not slow.

"This is vitally important work, in my view."

The new head of the Southern District, considered the most prestigious post
among U.S. attorneys, took a circuitous route to his spacious lower Manhattan
office.

Bharara, 40, is a naturalized American citizen born in India.

His father grew up in a small village, living in a home without plumbing, and
came to America "with only a few dollars in his pocket and a hope in his heart
that we would have a better life," Bharara said at his swearing-in ceremony.

He was an infant when his family settled in suburban New Jersey.

Bharara graduated magna cum laude from Harvard in 1990, earning a Columbia Law
School degree three years later. He went into private practice after a short
stint with Mark Green's campaign for public advocate.

Bharara became a Southern District prosecutor in 2000, spending the next five
years prosecuting cases involving securities fraud, organized crime and drugs.

But he really made his bones as counsel to Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.),
spearheading the probe of ex-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales' politicization
of the Justice Department.

Gonzales resigned in disgrace over the investigation into the Bush
administration's 2006 firings of nine U.S. attorneys.

Bharara persuaded his mentor and ex-Southern District boss, former Deputy
Attorney General Jim Comey, to provide dramatic testimony against Gonzales.

Comey recounted how Gonzales - then White House counsel - tried to persuade
hospitalized Attorney General John Ashcroft to sign off on warrantless spying.
Comey, as acting attorney general, had refused; Gonzales unsuccessfully pressed
Ashcroft, recovering from painful surgery, to overrule him.

Bharara is married with three kids, and made a point of thanking his wife when
he was sworn in. "If anyone has ever had a more supportive partner in life, I'm
not aware of it," he said.

Befitting of a Jersey guy, Bharara is also a Bruce Springsteen fan - often
playing The Boss' music in his office while working long hours as an assistant
U.S. attorney.

Bharara now heads the office of more than 450 people, including more than 200
assistant U.S. attorneys. He oversees an annual budget of $50 million.

And he intends to direct those resources against white collar crooks, Wall
Street schemers and crooked politicians.

Their motives, he believes, remain unchanged since the Stone Age.

"Greed, gullibility and things of value are the basic elements of financial
fraud," he said. "History tells us that these ingredients have existed for
millennia."

agendar@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Preet Bharara

DOCUMENT-TYPE: PROFILE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.

                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                November 8, 2006

Democrats claim key Senate victories

LENGTH: 912 words



HIGHLIGHT: Democrats today claimed victories in key Senate races in New Jersey
and Pennsylvania in the crucial midterm elections that could reshape America's
political landscape.


Democrats today claimed victories in key Senate races in New Jersey and
Pennsylvania in the crucial midterm elections that could reshape America's
political landscape.

In New Jersey the Democratic incumbent, Robert Menendez, was re-elected much
more easily than expected, according to projections from US television networks
and news agencies.

In Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum, the third most senior Republican in the
upper chamber and one of its most conservative members, lost to Bob Casey, the
state treasurer. In Ohio, Sherrod Brown trounced the two-term Republican
senator, Mike DeWine.

And in Connecticut Joseph Liebermann, Democrat turned independent, defeated Ned
Lamont, the official Democrat candidate.

Hillary Clinton, the likely Democratic presidential candidate in 2008, strolled
to victory in her New York Senate race.

Democrats need to pick up six seats to take control of the Senate.

Voters cited the economy, government corruption and scandal as their main
concerns, despite the importance of the war in Iraq.

The issues of corruption and scandal strongly favour the Democrats as they seek
to retake control of Congress and change the US political landscape.

The party is also benefiting from the unpopularity of the war and antipathy
towards the president, George Bush, according to exit polls.

In surveys by the Associated Press and TV networks of voters who had just voted,
two out of three said the war was very important to them and that they were
leaning toward the Democrats. Six out of 10 voters said they disapproved of the
conflict.

Despite Iraq's importance, even more voters said the economy, government
corruption and scandal were very important to their votes. Eight out of 10 said
the economy was very important; while almost as many said corruption and
scandals were very important. Terrorism was held to be at least as important as
Iraq.

The Republicans face the prospect of losing the House of Representatives and -
though this is less likely - the Senate, a move that could mark a decisive shift
in the balance of power towards the Democrats.

There were no surprises in the early results. As the first polls closed, voters
put Vermont's only House seat in the Democratic column, electing the Democrat
Peter Welch to replace Bernard Sanders, an independent who sided with Democrats.
Mr Sanders left the House to run for the Senate, and will take the seat vacated
by retiring independent James Jeffords.

In Kentucky, representative Harold Rogers, a 13-term Republican, and
representative Ben Chandler, a Democrat in his second term, easily won
re-election as expected. So did Republican representative Dan Burton in Indiana.
None of those races was competitive.

Only a third said the war had improved the long-term security of the US. That
figure was down from almost half - 46% - in the 2004 national exit poll.

More than twice as many voters said they felt anger towards the president as
felt enthusiastic about him.

These midterm elections are widely seen as a referendum on Mr Bush, whose
popularity has plummeted because of Iraq. About four in 10 voters approved of
how Mr Bush is handling his job - while slightly more said the same about
Congress.

After doing some hard last-minute campaigning for Republican candidates, the
president switched to cheerleading for democracy after casting his own vote in
Texas.

With his wife, Laura, at his side and an "I voted" sticker on his lapel, he
said, "No matter what your party affiliation, or if you don't have a party
affiliation, do your duty: cast your ballot and let your voice be heard."

Hillary Clinton, running for re-election as senator in New York with an eye on
the 2008 presidential race, voiced her party's campaign mantra of the need for
change - with one qualification. "I voted for change, except for me," she said,
casting her ballot with her former president husband, Bill, in Chappaqua, New
York.

Glitches delayed balloting in dozens of Indiana and Ohio precincts, and Illinois
officials were swamped with calls from voters complaining that poll workers did
not know how to operate new electronic equipment.

The former first daughter Chelsea Clinton ran into polling trouble. Senator
Clinton told reporters Chelsea had been turned away at a Manhattan polling site
because her name did not appear in a book of registered voters. Investigators
determined that her name had been sent to the wrong polling location, so she was
unable to vote in the polling booth. She was offered an affidavit vote, which is
similar to the provisional ballots used in other states.

In the very tight Virginia Senate race, the FBI said it was looking into
complaints that callers had tried to intimidate or confuse voters in the
contest, which pits the Republican George Allen against Jim Webb, the Democrat
challenger.

The state board of elections secretary, Jean Jensen, said her office had
forwarded several reports to the FBI of voters receiving phone calls intended to
discourage them from voting or directing them to the wrong polling place.

"If something is going on that worries and alarms voters enough that I'm
contacted to look into it, I have a responsibility to do that," Ms Jensen said.

The midterm elections have been by far the costliest in US history, with more
than $1.4bn (735m) spent by candidates, parties and interest groups. Much of the
money went on attack commercials on TV - a campaign staple strategists in both
parties said was effective, even though voters said the ads were offensive.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright  2006 Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved

                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 7, 2014 Sunday

Corruption survey unflattering to state

BYLINE: Robert Swift, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 557 words


Dec. 07--HARRISBURG -- Pennsylvania ranks poorly in a new survey measuring
corruption in the 50 states.

The Keystone State falls in a lower-tier group of the "most corrupt" states,
according to the Safra Center for Ethics, a Harvard University organization that
conducts research on ethics in public life.

Arizona takes the prize as the most corrupt state, New Jersey and Illinois are
in the middle and Pennsylvania follows in a group with Georgia and New Mexico.

The rankings are based on a survey of statehouse and investigative news
reporters earlier this year. Of 1,000 reporters contacted by email, the center
received 280 responses from reporters

The survey has an interesting twist in that it identifies both illegal
corruption -- the quid pro quo of a government official receiving a cash or
gifts in return for providing benefits -- and legal corruption -- the pervasive
practice of political action committees and individuals providing campaign
donations to influence government actions.

The results are broken down among the executive, legislative and judicial
branches of government.

Pennsylvania's relatively low ranking should not come as a surprise, given the
raft of scandals that have shaken Harrisburg during the past seven years.

Pennsylvanians have seen the "bonusgate" convictions of former top state House
leaders and aides of both parties for using public resources for political
purposes, federal corruption convictions of former Democratic state senators
Vincent Fumo, Robert Mellow of Blakely, and the late Ray Musto of Pittston Twp.

Former Republican Sen. Jane Orie and former state Supreme Court Justice Joan
Orie Melvin were convicted in Allegheny County Court for using public resources
for political purposes.

Other incidents include the Luzerne County "kids-for-cash" scandal and the
so-called "porngate" scandal, which exposes ethical issues involving former
state Supreme Court Justice Seamus McCaffery, former state prosecutors and
Corbett administration officials who lost their jobs for distributing
pornographic email on state computers.

While most of these cases don't fall under the category of a straight quid pro
quo, nevertheless, taken as a whole they cast an ethical pall over Harrisburg.

When it comes to "legal" corruption, Pennsylvania's campaign finance laws are
among the weakest in the nation.

Pennsylvania is one of 11 states that don't restrict the amount of contributions
that individuals and political action commmittees can give to candidates,
according to Pennsylvania Common Cause.

The survey found:

--Regarding illegal corruption, Pennsylvania scores 4, for very common, in the
legislative branch and 2, for slightly common, in the executive and judicial
branches.

--Regarding legal corruption, Pennsylvania scores 4.5, or very common, for the
legislative branch and 3, for moderately common, in the executive and judicial
branches.

States such as Pennsylvania, Illinois, New Mexico and Alabama that hold partisan
elections for judges where campaign contributions pay for TV ads score
moderately common for legal corruption, the survey notes.

ROBERT SWIFT is Harrisburg Bureau Chief for Times-Shamrock Communications
newspapers.

rswift@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141207-YT-Corruption-survey-unflattering-to-state-1207-20141207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune

                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 7, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Commissioner defends force

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 252 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly defended the majority of the nation's largest
police force Wednesday and denounced crooked cops who testified at corruption
hearings as self-serving "thugs."

Most police consider rogue cop Michael Dowd and "his ilk despicable," Kelly told
the city commission investigating corruption in the 31,000-member police force.

Dowd, the Brooklyn officer who acknowledged snorting cocaine off the dashboard
of his patrol car, said he made as much as $ 8,000 a week in payoffs from drug
dealers.

Since Dowd's arrest in 1992, Kelly said he has created a "clear chain of
accountability," appointed a new deputy commissioner for internal affairs and
transferred experienced investigators to prevent corruption from going
undetected.

Kelly said it was "certainly possible" that the department's corruption scandal
was the result of willful blindness. "I would hope the signal is clear that will
no longer be tolerated," he said.

Police corruption probes will become more aggressive, use wiretaps and sting
operations and try to get corrupt officers to inform on others, Kelly pledged.

Earlier, Internal Affairs chief Robert Beatty testified that the department will
also investigate 40 potentially embarrassing cases involving high-level police
officers and Internal Affairs investigators. The cases were previously shielded
in a phantom file.

The message must be clear, Kelly said. "We don't want to sweep anything under
the rug that can come back to haunt us with a vengeance."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Mike Albans, AP; PHOTO, b/w, AP

THE NATION; See main story; 03A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 25, 2012 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

N.J. proving to be a leader in fighting corruption

BYLINE: Ian Simpson

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 806 words


Despite a well-deserved reputation for scandals, New Jersey is among the state
leaders in the fight against official corruption, with most states doing a poor
job, according to a wide-ranging study released last week.

Five states received a B grade for accountability and transparency and eight got
an F in the investigation by the nonprofit groups Center for Public Integrity,
Global Integrity and Public Radio International. No state got an A. Maryland,
with a D-minus, and Virginia, with an F, ranked near the bottom.

The 18-month project is the most comprehensive study of state laws and practices
that bolster openness and deter corruption, the investigators said.

The five states receiving B grades were New Jersey, Connecticut, Washington,
California and Nebraska. The eight failing states were North Dakota, Michigan,
South Carolina, Maine, Virginia, Wyoming, South Dakota and Georgia.

Nineteen states got a C and 18 received a D.

For New Jersey, whose popular image is fused with TV's mob drama "The Sopranos,"
being among the leaders is "counterintuitive" but a tribute to its corruption
-fighting reforms, said Nathaniel Heller, managing director of Global Integrity.

But, he added, "to be at the top of this list is sort of to win a beauty contest
where not anybody is particularly pretty to start with."

The study comes as struggling newspapers have slashed statehouse coverage or
folded, weakening their traditional government watchdog role, said Caitlin
Ginley of the Center for Public Integrity, the project manager.

Almost every state had large gaps between laws on the books and their
enforcement, she said.

The index grade measured the risk of corruption based on 330 indicators across
14 categories of government.

States with well-known scandals paradoxically often have tough laws and
enforcement that then bring them to light, a statement accompanying the study
said.

"â[#x20ac][#x160]'Quiet' states may be at higher risk, with few means to [bring
to the] surface corrupt practices," it said.

As a prime example of how scandals can lead to reform, New Jersey got a B-plus
despite a reputation for corruption that saw Gov. Chris Christie (R) bust more
than 100 public officials while he was a U.S. attorney, earning him a reputation
as a tough-talking conservative.

Reforms by lawmakers and good-government groups mean "New Jersey now has some of
the toughest ethics and anti-corruption laws in the nation," investigators said.

New Jersey ranks first in integrity investigation for ethics enforcement, first
for executive branch accountability and fourth for procurement practices.

New York finished 36th ,with a D grade, despite Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's steering
of ethics reform through the legislature.

"When the capital [Albany] is mentioned anywhere in New York state, there's
usually a guffawing rejoinder followed by 'rats,' 'bums' or
'thieves,'â[#x20ac][#x160]" the report said.

Matthew Wing, a spokesman for Cuomo (D), said that over a decade the state had
fallen short in several areas related to transparent government and the report
reflected that.

"But it does not take into account the historic reforms Governor Cuomo has
achieved since taking office just 14 months ago," he said in an e-mailed
statement.

Illinois, where former governor Rod Blagojevich (D) started a 14-year prison
term for corruption this month, got a C in a four-way tie for 10th with Rhode
Island, Massachusetts and Hawaii.

In Georgia, at the bottom of the list, there is a "gaping divide" between legal
standards for accountability and normal practice, the report said.

About 658 state workers accepted sports tickets, expensive meals and other gifts
in a two-year period. It has been 12 years since the state last fined a vendor
for failing to disclose such gifts, it said.

As a group, executives of Georgia insurance companies, public utilities and
other regulated sectors have become the biggest single source of campaign money
for regulators.

Brian Robinson, a spokesman for Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal (R), said the Center
for Public Integrity had ranked Georgia a few years ago among the top states for
transparency. Georgia has only strengthened its efforts since then, he said.

"I think the change calls into question the reliability of the survey itself,"
he said. Robinson said Deal had instituted a gift ban for his employees, among
other transparency efforts.

Methodology for the study was designed by Global Integrity, a Washington group
that examines corruption worldwide.

The Center for Public Integrity oversaw the reporting and editing.
Minneapolis-based Public Radio International, a transparency campaigner, handled
dissemination by social media.

The study was largely funded by the Omidyar Network, an investment group founded
by eBay founder Pierre Omidyar and his wife, and the Rita Allen Foundation of
Princeton, N.J.

- Reuters

David Beasley contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans
Division

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.





 Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New
York Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.



 From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director's Award in 2005.



 After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda's financial assets.



 From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.



 In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.



 In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi &ldquo;Baby Shanks&rdquo; Manocchio.



 In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division's counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led the
coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist attacks.




 Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans
Division

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.





 Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New
York Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.



 From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director's Award in 2005.



 After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda's financial assets.



 From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.



 In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.



 In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi &ldquo;Baby Shanks&rdquo; Manocchio.



 In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division's counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led the
coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist attacks.




 Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 20, 2009 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

DON'T PUT BLAME ON MENTAL ILLNESS

SECTION: NATIONAL; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 1161 words


Fort Hood killings

The recent media coverage of the Fort Hood killings, along with opinions
conveyed by various media personalities and politicians, is the latest
illustration of a long-standing phenomenon and prejudice. I'm referring to the
fact that without any credible information to support the conclusion, and some
to the contrary, this act of violence was attributed to mental illness, with the
alleged murderer deemed a "nut," "crazy," and someone who just "snapped."
Pundits and politicians alike went even further in actually proffering diagnoses
such as posttraumatic stress disorder, as if this was a reasonable explanation
for the brutality.

What has since been learned about the possible motives that the killer may have
had have nothing to do with mental illness. Someone having religious beliefs
radically different from our own does not make him mentally ill.

If pundits were arguing that an unknown perpetrator must have been from a
certain ethnic group or race because of the violence, at least it would be seen
for what it is: prejudice. The term racism would be rightfully applied. We don't
even have a term to describe the prejudice that exists regarding mental illness.
For now I'll have to settle for pathetic.

Dr. Lou LaPorta, board of directors, National Alliance on Mental
Illness-Hernando, Spring Hill

* * *

Afghanistan corruption

Look to corruption at home before lecturing others

It never ceases to amaze me how we Americans are unable to see the forest for
the trees, so to speak.

Our government is telling Hamid Karzai and the Afghan government and people that
they need to seriously address the problem of corruption and to start cleaning
up their act in order to continue receiving U.S. support.

But we as a nation have corruption at the federal, state, county and city levels
that dwarfs the corruption found in Afghanistan. We need to clean up our own
corruption before we beat other nations over the head with our "honesty,"
"integrity" and "forthrightness."

Douglas Robb, Tampa

* * *

Florida transit at stake

With the economic and transit future of Florida at stake, state officials from
Gov. Charlie Crist on down are wheeling and dealing instead of addressing a
simple problem in a straightforward manner.

Here's the simple problem: Tri-Rail, Florida's only rail transit system, is
failing because past and current Florida governors and legislators have not been
able to approve a dedicated revenue source. This has been going on for four or
five years. Now the situation is so severe that the South Florida Regional
Transportation Authority has authorized the use of capital funds in order for
Tri-Rail to meet its daily payroll.

If Tri-Rail fails, the consequences are enormous. Thousands of jobs will be
lost; residents of Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach counties who account for
30 percent of the population of the state will be left without their primary
north-south passenger rail service; more cars will clog our roads (especially
I-95); air pollution will increase and so too will our dependency on foreign
oil; and, finally, the state will be held responsible for repaying a $256
million grant.

To add even more immediacy to the problem, U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray
LaHood has put Florida on notice that unless a dedicated revenue source for
Tri-Rail is approved before January, Florida will be lose its chance to be
awarded $2.5 billion for bullet trains as part of the stimulus package.

So unless there's a special session before January to pass a dedicated revenue
source for Tri-Rail, Florida will be a big loser.

That's the simple problem, and here's the simple solution. First, call the
special session in December. Then, approve the $2 per day car rental surcharge
that has been proposed by the SFRTA and prior Florida Legislatures.

Will our governor and legislators act responsibly to solve this problem? I don't
know, but citizens should do their part to persuade Crist and our legislators to
act in the best interests of the people of Florida.

Jim Smith, Safety As Floridians Expect (SAFE) chairman, Delray Beach

* * *

Health cap and trade - Nov. 17, editorial

Income tax trap

While I agree with this editorial that a health savings account cap should be
indexed to inflation, this common-sense approach has been blatantly ignored in
an area of income tax law that results in retired taxpayers being overtaxed.

With the passage of the 1983 amendments to the Social Security Act, a portion of
Social Security benefits became subject to federal income taxes.

This change stated that if the taxpayer's combined income (total of adjusted
gross income, interest on tax-exempt bonds, and 50 percent of Social Security
benefits and Tier I Railroad Retirement Benefits) exceeds a threshold amount
($25,000 for an individual, $32,000 for a married couple filing a joint return,
and zero for a married person filing separately), then the benefits become
partially taxable.

All these years later, although tax laws have been through major changes, the
$25,000 and $32,000 thresholds have not changed. Using an annual inflation
adjustment of 3 percent, these numbers should be approximately $52,000 and
$67,000.

The bottom line is that many receiving Social Security benefits are paying
higher income tax then they would if the thresholds had a common-sense approach
of being indexed to inflation.

Dan Favero, St. Petersburg

* * *

An energy solution

All the indicators are that our economy is on the mend. It will still be some
time before we see an impact on employment. Because of that delay, the
continuation of recovery and jobs are at risk.

One of the macro risks to economic recovery is the price of oil. As economic
activity ramps up due to recovery, demand for oil also ramps up. In other words
the price of oil and everything made from it is going to go up. There will come
a time when economic growth will be choked off by the price of oil.

To maintain economic recovery and ensure jobs, we need to embark on a plan that
reduces our demand for oil and requires infrastructure, that is, jobs to get it
done. Fortunately such a plan has been proposed by T. Boone Pickens. He proposed
converting the big trucks to compressed natural gas, or CNG.

The first step is to build an interstate infrastructure to provide a supply of
natural gas nationwide. This would be a massive jobs generator. The second step
is to incentivize truckers to convert their rigs to CNG. More jobs would be
generated. When completed, there would be less diesel being used and that would
affect prices of all products dependent on oil and trucking.

There is enough natural gas in the United States that we would produce all we
need. No imports.

There are lots of good reasons to do this, and only one reason to not do it.
That reason is that the oil companies will not benefit from it. Oil interests
are an entrenched lobby and have proven very effective at influencing policy. If
you think CNG is a good idea, please write your congressman.

Mark Stephens, Land O'Lakes

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 13, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

REQUIRED READING;
 Required Reading 'Capital Corruption'

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 445 words


Following is an excerpt from ''Capital Corruption,'' a new book by Amatai
Etzioni, distinguished professor of sociology at George Washington University,
published by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich:

America is not a plutocracy - at least not yet. Certainly it is not a full-
fledged one. But there were, from day one, plutocratic tendencies, persons and
groups who commanded wealth - or other forms of economic power - and who sought
to use it to corrupt the democratic government. Now the country is subject to a
strong new bout of the same. Interest groups, most of which reflect
concentrations of economic power, have found new, effective ways of undercutting
the American Government.

At issue is nothing less than who has the power to guide the Government. If you
believe that in contemporary America it is the people, each person having an
equal say, as in ''one person, one vote,'' you probably also believe in the
tooth fairy. There have always been select groups within society that used their
power to make Government heed them more than the rest of the people. When the
select group is the church, we talk about a ''theocracy.'' When the power behind
the public scenes is a titled, closed group of owners of large estates, we refer
to a ''landed aristocracy.'' When the powers that be are those who command
wealth, and when they use it to wreak their will on those in office, the
appropriate label is ''plutocracy.''

Plutocrats in a democracy work by corrupting public life. They seek to turn a
government of, by and for the people into one in tow of the wealth. Corruption,
the dictionary says, is evil or wicked behavior. To corrupt is to change a sound
condition to an unsound one. However, the corruption that is my subject is not
regular, garden-variety corruption, but the special species rampant in
Washington, D.C. - corruption of a political system. The unsound condition I
deal with is the use of public office for private advantage.

This statement may seem to imply that the abuse at hand is something public
officials do. Indeed they do, but usually in close collaboration with private
parties. Political corruption is typically perpetrated by private interests
seeking illicit public favors and finding quite willing elected officials. The
change of the Government's condition from sound to unsound often involves at
least one public and one private partner.



A Matter of Empathy



I, too, am a veteran. I can identify strongly with those of you who have faced
conflict and hostility. Borne the tedium and weariness of battle. Learned to
protect your flank by second nature. After all, I've spent three years in
Washington.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 30, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Pursuing Corrupt Cops

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 525 words


The Mollen commission's interim report on police corruption in New York City
puts into writing the same message the commission's hearings conveyed in the
fall: that pockets of police corruption and brutality exist because the
ingrained culture of the Police Department tolerates wrongdoing, even protects
the wrongdoer. The panel recommends shaking up the department's anti-corruption
bureaucracy, and appointing an outside panel to conduct investigations.

It remains unclear how pervasive corruption is within the department. The
commission, perhaps hoping to influence the new mayor, issued its
recommendations prematurely; its final report, due in a few months, owes New
Yorkers a clearer picture of the extent of police wrongdoing.

As the commission and other investigations have found, a new kind of police
corruption has taken hold. Twenty years ago, corrupt cops took bribes to let
lawbreakers conduct their business. Today, the commission found, bad cops behave
like criminals themselves: they engage in drug dealing and burglaries, in
illegal searches and seizures and in brutal assaults on New Yorkers, generally
in the poorest, most drug-plagued neighborhoods. Moreover, while most officers
are honest and hard-working, said the commission, where corruption exists it
involves groups of police officers assigned to the same precinct.

How many officers is not clear, but even one such group of cops would be enough
to justify taking action. The important question is, what kind?

Mayor-elect Rudolph Giuliani says that appointing a Mollen-like commission with
the power to investigate but not to prosecute would be a "halfway measure." We
agree. Bad cops have to know that misconduct could draw an indictment. While
some district attorneys aggressively pursue police corruption, they don't have
enough funding and can't generate enough public attention. And some D.A.'s are
too close to the Police Department.

That argues for the approach Mr. Giuliani favors: reviving the office of the
Special State Prosecutor for Criminal Justice. It operated for 18 years until
1990, when, in the face of dwindling indictments and public interest, Gov. Mario
Cuomo discontinued it. Naming a new special prosecutor won't be enough, though.
The state had one when some of the very abuses cited during the commission
hearings took place. The special prosecutor has to work with an effective
Internal Affairs Division within the Police Department.

Starting in the mid-1980's, once-effective Internal Affairs began to fall apart.
Indeed, the commission found, the whole department showed a reluctance to
uncover corruption. Whistle-blowers were treated as suspects, not only by fellow
cops but sometimes by the anti-corruption brass.

The city needs tough, independent anti-corruption leadership in the department,
a special prosecutor with an adequate staff and budget and a focus on rooting
out corruption, not generating personal publicity -- a flaw that has hurt the
special prosecutor's office in the past. Only with adequate safeguards against
corruption can the public feel confidence in what are still called New York's
Finest.


LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 23, 1991, Saturday

It's another scandal in S. Carolina; Citizens seem used to public corruption

BYLINE: By Joe Drape Staff writerlawsuits; fraud; corruption; government;
leaders; south/carolina

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 1071 words


GOOSE CREEK, S.C. - Nothing surprises Crickette White about the public officials
in this state who have mucked their way from one shameful scandal to the next.
Cocaine and cash payoffs at the Statehouse don't.

Nor does the indictment Friday of former University of South Carolina President
James B. Holderman, accused of using his post for personal gain by accepting $
25,000 from the prominent law firm of a former governor.

How about the nine recently indicted in Lee County on voter- influencing and
bribery charges?

Or the brutality probe of the city of Cayce's police department, dubbed "the
meanest little force" in South Carolina?

No, this mother of four, a bartender at Lou's Bar & Grill by day and euthanasia
technician at a veterinary hospital by night, isn't surprised. Instead, she
sweetly utters what simply is a truism in the Lowcountry:

"Honey, it don't take investigative reporting to know the South has always been
crooked."

South Carolinians are virtually shockproof.

For the past year, corruption in the state Capitol has been detailed by the
FBI's Operation Lost Trust probe and by revelations that Dr. Holderman lavished
foundation funds on dubious USC supporters - from former Haitian dictator
Jean-Claude "Baby Doc" Duvalier to one-time U.N. Secretary-General and reputed
Nazi collaborator Kurt Waldheim.

To say there has been a loss of public trust in government officials is to
overstate the case.

"What public trust?" asks Richard A. Harpootlian, solicitor in the 5th Circuit,
which includes Columbia. "There have been people snickering behind their hands,
behind closed doors, because they've known its been going on for years."

Indeed, testimony about cocaine transactions and FBI videotapes of lawmaker
after lawmaker stuffing envelopes of cash into their pockets have borne out how
wide open and feckless state government had become.

"It's who you know," Goose Creek trucker Clay Johnson says with a wink. "Good
work if you can find it."

So far nine lawmakers have pleaded guilty, three have been convicted and another
two are under indictment. This week the scandal turned toward the governor's
office when former state Development Board Chairman Dick Greer, campaign
strategist of rising GOP star Carroll Campbell, was indicted on cocaine charges.

Ron Cobb, lobbyist-cocaine-user-turned-informant, personified Statehouse
dealings when he mangled an oft-repeated phrase during a videotaped payoff.

"Pleasure, business doing pleasure and pleasure doing business or whatever," he
tells Rep. James Faber as he hands over $ 1,000 for his vote on a pari-mutuel
bill - the FBI ruse behind the votes-for-sale scandal. Faber later pleaded
guilty to felony charges.

Columbia's reputation as an "oasis of scandalous doings" is well- earned, says
Earl Black, a USC political scientist.

"To sell votes on a small scale has long thought to be standard legislative
procedure," he says. "Urbanization over the last decade not only has shifted the
population, but created more opportunities for certain individuals to take
advantage of development."

That was evident in Lee County's indictments of a county councilman, a former
council chairman and seven others for intimidation and vote- buying.

Steeled by their clash with the council last year over a 200-acre landfill,
citizen groups in the Midlands county of 18,000 began began speaking out.
Council candidate Levi "Bud" Brown charged: "A poor man can't win an election in
Lee County."

Mr. Harpootlian claims that the "good old boys have had a longer ride" in South
Carolina than anywhere else in the South.

He and Dr. Black attribute the current unraveling of the byzantine system to
increased law enforcement scrutiny and a new willingness by the state's media to
take on the institutions many felt they accommodated.

"The press historically has looked the other way," Mr. Harpootlian says.

This is no longer the case - especially in regards to USC.

Dr. Holderman resigned last spring amid a media-generated furor over his
penchant for $ 700 hotel suites, chartered jet travel and showering artwork and
meals on the already rich or famous.

Friday's two-count indictment alleges he used his position for personal gain in
receiving $ 25,000 from The McNair Law Firm, headed by former Gov. Robert
McNair.

The law firm says it was a contribution to the school for Dr. Holderman's help
in a drug case involving a Puerto Rican businessman arrested in the Dominican
Republic. In 1986, Dr. Holderman introduced the firm's lawyers to Jorge Blanco,
then president of the Dominican Republic, in an attempt to win freedom for
Bernard Baus, president of a San Juan chemical company.

The contribution, however, never turned up at USC or in its foundation,
according to records.

Dr. Holderman, now working for a USC supporter in Florida, faces five years in
prison and $ 1,500 in fines if convicted.

Last month, the state Supreme Court ordered records of the Carolina Research &
Development Foundation opened. But some were missing.

The Greenville News, acting on a tip and showing the Fourth Estate's willingness
to dig up dirt, took a bulldozer to a Columbia landfill and cleared an area the
size of a football field and 18 feet deep. They eventually unearthed more than
25 boxes of foundation records.

It is not clear whether the records are the same ones being sought by the State
Law Enforcement Divison, but their discovery has created a manic atmosphere in
which no lead is left unturned.

Now ethics proposals, some that go as far as outlawing a free cup of coffee, are
common in the Legislature. And the governor wants to create a 10-member Cabinet
to harness the state's 59 agencies.

Still, law enforcement officials bump into one another all over the state.
Operation Lost Trust continues, and federal and state agents have turned their
attention to the Columbia suburb of Cayce, where 16 lawsuits have been filed
against police officers.

"There is strong sense of dismay and disgust," concludes Tucker Eskew, a
spokesman for the governor. "But there's no genetic flaw here. The fundamentals
need changing."

Tell that to Crickette White and her patrons and once more a rowdy discussion
breaks out.

"There is right and there is wrong," she says. "And then there is politics,
where what pays stays. Now that's why we're always gonna have problems.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Reporter William Fox of The Greenville News goes through
University of South Carolina foundation documents found in a Columbia landfill.
They turned up missing after the News won a lawsuit granting access to them. /
The Associated Press photo: James B. Holderman, former University of South
Carolina president, is accused of using his post for personal gain.

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution

                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday

National and Washington news in brief

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: NATIONAL; News; Politics

LENGTH: 248 words


WASHINGTON, D.C.

Louisiana congressman

charged in corruption

Rep. William Jefferson, D-La., was indicted Monday for allegedly using his
congressional office to enrich himself and his family through a pattern of
fraud, bribery and corruption that spanned five years and two continents.

The charges, the first against a Democratic member of Congress in the wake of
the Justice Department's recent crackdown on public corruption, come after a
two-year investigation that gained attention when FBI agents raided Jefferson's
home and found $90,000 in cash stuffed in his freezer.

In a sweeping 94-page indictment, handed up Monday by a federal grand jury in
Alexandria, Va., Jefferson is charged with soliciting millions in fees and
company stock in exchange for using his office to promote wide-ranging business
interests in West Africa.

Wyoming senator dies

of leukemia at 74

Wyoming Sen. Craig Thomas, a three-term conservative Republican who stayed clear
of the Washington limelight and political fights, died Monday. He was 74.

The senator's family issued a statement saying he died at the National Naval
Medical Center in Bethesda, Md., where he had been receiving chemotherapy for
acute myeloid leukemia.

Just before the 2006 election, Thomas was hospitalized with pneumonia and
canceled his last campaign stops. He won with 70 percent of the vote. Two days
after the election, Thomas announced that he had been diagnosed with leukemia.

From Mercury News wire services

From Mercury News wire services

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 9, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

DESPITE A DECREASE IN COMPLAINTS, POLICE WORRY ABOUT CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 552 words


The number of complaints of corruption and serious misconduct brought against
New York City police officers has declined for the second consecutive year, but
police officials are worried that a ''changing trend may have already begun'' in
the direction of more complaints and perhaps increased corruption.

This concern was pointed up in a report sent last week to Police Commissioner
Robert J. McGuire by John Guido, the department's chief of inspectional
services. The report said that despite a 7 percent drop last year in corruption
complaints, the department could not afford to relax its efforts to fight
corruption.

The report said that 2,318 complaints alleging corruption and other serious
misdeeds were received last year from members of the Police Department and the
general public, compared with 2,505 in 1979. The 1979 figure, moreover,
represented a 6.6 percent decrease from the 1978 total of 2,682.

Despite the 1980 decline in complaints, the report, prepared by Assistant Chief
John G. Schawaroch, warned: ''In the past five years, complaints have fallen to
levels even lower than we are currently experiencing only to increase again
towards peak levels. What has occurred before may occur again. In fact, there is
some suggestion that a changing trend may have already begun.''

Totals Rose in Each Quarter

Chief Schawaroch said he was concerned, in part, because the reported instances
of corruption increased in every quarter last year over the preceding quarter.
In the final quarter of 1979, there were 531 complaints; in the first quarter
last year, 538; the second quarter, 562; the third quarter, 595, and the last
quarter, 623.  Because of the large number of complaints in the first half of
1979, the total for that year exceeded the 1980 figure.

The complaints - roughly one for every 10 members of the department, although
some individuals were the subject of more than one complaint - included
allegations that officers used or sold narcotics, stole property, accepted money
not to make an arrest or committed some other crime or serious impropriety.
Usually, one of every seven or eight complaints is substantiated by an
investigation.

The Police Department began keeping tallies of corruption complaints in 1972 in
the aftermath of the Knapp Commission investigation and disclosures that
systematic payoffs to police officers and supervisors had virtually become a way
of life in the department. In 1972, there were 3,077 complaints of corruption.
The number rose to 3,460 in 1974 and then fell to 2,054 in 1976 before moving up
again.

The corruption complaints, Chief Guido said last week, are an imprecise
yardstick for measuring corruption. ''We only hear about an alleged act of
corruption when someone makes a complaint,'' he said. ''If, for example, someone
is happy to make a payoff to avoid an arrest, then we won't get a complaint.''

Chief Guido noted, however, that the department employed a range of tactics to
check on police integrity and combat corruption, including the use of volunteers
in the department who confidentially and without reward report misdeeds among
their colleagues.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday

BBC Monitoring quotes from Afghan press 8 Oct 14

LENGTH: 674 words


The following is a selection of quotes from editorials published in the 8
October editions of Dari and Pashto-language Afghan newspapers:

Afghan-US security pact

National Security Adviser Hanif Atmar and the US ambassador to Afghanistan James
Cunningham signed the Bilateral Security Agreement (BSA) in Kabul on 30
September which has been widely welcomed in Afghanistan. Some newspapers have
also hailed signing of the BSA and urged the USA and NATO to increase their
assistance to Afghanistan.

Headline "Kabul-Washington security pact"

Anis (state-run, online version unavailable): "The Kabul-Washington security
pact had been discussed as the most challenging political document between
former Afghan officials and the USA for a long time...Ultimately, National
Security Adviser Hanif Atmar on behalf of the Afghan government signed two
security agreements with the USA and NATO in Kabul on 30 September. These
agreements legitimize the legal and limited presence of US and NATO military
forces in Afghanistan..."

Kabul Bank case

New Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has ordered reopening of the former Kabul Bank
case in which some government officials had also been accused of embezzlement.
Some newspapers have welcomed the president's decision and urged the new
government to punish those who were behind the alleged embezzlement.

Headline "Behind-the-scene mysteries of Kabul Bank to be unveiled"

Hasht-e Sobh (independent, www.8am.af): "The case of former Kabul Bank is due to
be referred to the Appeals Court in two days time. Reassessing the most
[serious] embezzlement case of the past 13 years, is something that everyone
welcomes. Reassessing the [Kabul Bank] case will create an atmosphere in which
no-one will be able to easily plunder banks and people's deposits.
Unfortunately, the banking system in the country is still flawed and there is
still no guarantee that one of the private or state banks will not be
robbed...If the national unity government succeeds in retrieving the plundered
money of the former Kabul Bank and in punishing those who were behind this
embezzlement, it will gain further legitimacy."
[http://8am.af/1393/07/16/kabul-bank-afghanistan-secrets-behind- curtain][fip
EoBODYIND]

Administrative corruption

Administrative corruption is said to be a major challenge facing the new Afghan
government as some high-ranking government officials have allegedly been
involved in administrative corruption during Hamed Karzai's government. Some
newspapers have urged the new government to take drastic measures to combat
corruption, with some also accusing foreign organizations of being corrupt.

Headline "Struggle against corruption should start from high-ranking officials!"

Arman-e Melli (Close to National Union of Journalists of Afghanistan, www.
armanemili.com): "Extensive struggle against corruption is regarded as one of
the important responsibilities of the current government. Corruption has
negatively affected the poor people but fattened corrupt people and has
increased their assets...During years of Karzai's government, this phenomenon [
corruption] has not been fought properly because corrupt individuals had so much
influence in his administration which had made it impossible to fight corruption
. Now that the new government has been established and has vowed to combat
corruption, it should start [the struggle against corruption] from high-ranking
officials because they have mostly been involved in corruption."
[http://armanemili.com/viewcatpost.php?id=13]

Headline "What will happen to major corruption?"

Sarnawesht (private, online version unavailable): "There are many reports about
corruption in Afghan bodies and no doubt that there is much corruption in Afghan
bodies, however, there are not many reports about major corruption [in foreign
organizations]. There is major corruption in foreign organizations and among
foreigners in Afghanistan, and that the foreigners and their Afghan colleagues
are involved in major corruption."

Source: Quotes package from BBC Monitoring, in Dari and Pashto 8 Oct 14

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             January 8, 2010 Friday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

BYLINE: JOEL GUTENSOHN Bismarck

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 332 words


Graft not just in Afghanistan

By JOEL GUTENSOHN

Bismarck

I have recently returned from Afghanistan, where I spent a year mentoring Afghan
police general officers on narcotics operations and airport security issues.

Following my return to North Dakota, I have heard numerous comments about
corruption issues with Afghan police and politicians. "Why should we be involved
in a country where the corruption is rampant?"

An average Afghan police officer earns approximately $80 to $120 per month,
while it requires a salary of approximately $300 per month for a family to live.
The difference is usually made up by graft and bribes. Until the officers
receive a livable wage, the corruption will be a fact of life.

However, after witnessing the current politics being played in Washington D.C.,
I have determined the Afghan corruption issue pales in comparison. We have
recently witnessed payoffs of $300 million to Sen. Mary Landrieu for Louisiana
and $100 million to Sen. Ben Nelson for Nebraska for their votes on the health
care bill. California will also reap a $300 million "consideration" for the
support of that state's delegation.

I can only wait for the big shakedown to occur when Senate Majority Leader Harry
Reid comes back to get the votes required for final passage of the health bill.
It has been reported that Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi plan to skip the
typical conference committee process because the motions agreed to in the Senate
"would need 60 votes all over again." Instead, whatever agreements are made
could be incorporated into an amendment to the bills passed by a simple majority
in the House and Senate. We, the taxpayers, are not only footing the exorbitant
costs of the health bill itself, we are paying the additional cost of bribes
necessary for its passage.

I would prefer not to be part of this unholy conspiracy. I also don't look
forward to answering questions from my Afghan counterparts about the corrupt
practices of the U.S. Congress when I return to Kabul.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           January 26, 1999, Tuesday

Monitor: All the News of the World - World comment on allegations of corruption
in the International Olympic Committee

SECTION: COMMENT; Page 3

LENGTH: 335 words


ONE OF the biggest problems in tackling corruption is defining it. When does
nepotism and cronyism become bribery and corruption? There has been demonstrated
corruption involved in the granting of the 2002 Olympic Games to Salt Lake City.
But what of the blatant favours asked by, and in some cases given to, IOC
delegates in Melbourne's 1996 Olympics bid? Had the six African delegates been
given the new cars they asked for in return for their votes, it would have
constituted corruption.  Despite the latest rash of headlines, Australia does
not have a habit of corruption. What we must guard against is allowing such a
climate to develop. That is why those found to have engaged in seriously corrupt
behaviour need to know that they will be subjected to, if not criminal
penalties, the most severe punishment of all - public disgrace.

The Age, Australia

THIS AFFAIR will enable us to return to the controllable organisations of the
Olympics. We must avoid economics taking the upper hand and dictating its law to
the organisational committees. The IOC must also agree to becoming somewhat more
condensed: 115 members is too much. 25 or 30 would be far more easy to regulate.
The IOC is representative of society but not representative of sport.

Le Monde, France

IT IS appropriate that delegates be treated to a high standard of accommodation
and dining and receive some gifts. When the giving of gifts turns into
corruption can be a matter of degree, but is principally a matter of
transparency. The test is whether those giving or receiving would want it
publicly known. The possibility that it might become public is a deterrent,
which is why the media mentality is so essential.

Sydney Morning Herald,

Australia

THE EUROPEAN press has just begun investigating IOC head Juan Antonio Samaranch
and some of his associates, including some roguish characters who would never
make it to the cover of a Wheaties box. Stay tuned, sports fans.

The Washington Post, US


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd

                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Combatting corruption starts at the top

LENGTH: 1130  words


There is something fundamentally similar and entwined about the need to tackle
Thailand's endemic corruption and the imperative to reform its education.
Education reforms and corruption eradication appear to be the two highest policy
and social priorities over the decades but they have made little headway. In
view of recent international assessments, Thai education has fallen even farther
behind compared to recent years. Similarly, according to Thailand's declining
ranking in international indexes such as that of Transparency International, the
scourge of corruption in this country has deepened.

However, wiping out corruption should be more doable and pressing because it has
now fallen into the jurisdiction of other countries. As Thai law and legal
institutions are weak, Thailand's corruption is being exposed abroad. All the
Thai authorities have to do is to pick up and pursue cases that other countries
with a stronger rule of law and institutions have revealed. But it appears the
Thai authorities do not really want to go after corruption because it is too
close to their hearts and pockets. If corruption is dealt with in Thailand, it
may be the case that very few, if any, of the big fish will be proven to be
clean.

Take the case of the recent Rolls-Royce corruption scandal exposed by the United
Kingdom's Serious Fraud Office. This is a British company that has admitted
under British law that it has systematically paid off "agents of the state of
Thailand and employees of Thai Airways" to aid in the procurement of its
engines. There has been a lot of huff and puff in the news headlines. As the
country's national flag carrier, Thai Airways has made perfunctory statements
about its intent to get to the bottom of the matter. Thailand's watchdog
agencies, such as the National Anti-Corruption Commission and the Office of the
Auditor-General, have made noises about investigations. But there has been no
progress, and there will be no progress, just as has often been the case in the
past. Despite a public outcry, Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha is not willing
to use his magic wand of tackling the matter with absolute authority under
Section 44. Here is a graft case that has been handed to the Thai authorities on
a platter yet they seem reluctant to go after it with the full energy and force
of what remains of Thai law.

Corruption allegations at Thai Airways have been frequent over the years. One of
the earlier cases at the national airline centred on the purchase of the
four-engine A340 airbus planes for newly open direct routes to New York and Los
Angeles, involving the government of former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra
and conflicts of interest among his associates and relatives. Without a
cost-benefit study, the routes bled financial losses until they had to be
discontinued, while the fuel-guzzling four-engine planes had to be sold off with
the remainder left unused. State enterprises are microcosms of corruption in
Thailand because they involve shady abuses of power underpinned by social
hierarchy, patronage and cronyism.

But airline engines procurement should be seen together with corruption
allegations elsewhere. The United States Securities and Exchange Commission has
alleged that bribes were paid involving a US company in the procurement of CCTV
for Thailand's parliament in 2006. The current National Legislative Assembly
chairman has pledged an investigation of this but of course there has been zero
tangible progress in nabbing the culprits.

Moreover, the US Department of Justice has taken up a case against a US
manufacturer of cable and wire, General Cable Corporation, for dubious
procurement in dealings with Thailand's Metropolitan Electricity Authority,
Provincial Electricity Authority, and TOT Plc. Again, this is a Thai corruption
case connected to an American firm being spotlighted by US regulatory
authorities. Thailand's regulatory and legal wherewithal is evidently
insufficient to deal with the corruption of its own state enterprises.

These cases tell us that they are just the tip of the iceberg and that
corruption lurks in many more places. There are also different forms and degrees
of corruption. Some are soft "in-kind" exchanges of favours with personal gains
at the expense of public resources. Others are harder and more familiar, such as
government procurement entailing commissions, and kickbacks.

The reason corruption is not forcefully addressed in Thailand is because we
don't know where to start with the powerful few involved. Those at the top who
are supposed to eliminate corruption must be clean and willing to confront and
prosecute culprits in a networked society where the degrees of social separation
are very small. Going after corruption means going after crooks you and your
friends and family may know.

If the few at the top are soft on corruption, or even become accessories or
perpetrators in it, then it will only further embed itself. In turn, allowing
corruption among the big fish exacerbates the mindset and culture of wrongful
and undue entitlements. With bad examples all around, some Thai people in
certain positions then think they can get away with petty graft and outright
theft, such as the recent case of the deputy director-general of the commerce
ministry who blatantly took paintings from a hotel in Japan without asking or
paying. The Japanese have been kind on technicalities to let him off the hook
but Thai authorities should make an example of him. They probably won't, and he
will probably move on in life despite his thievery being vivid in the public
consciousness.

But this particular senior bureaucrat will likely rationalise to himself that he
is only one among many, that there are people who are higher than him and not
devoid of graft and conflicts of interest. Perhaps he will see another bigger
case, where Thailand's mega liquor-centred conglomerate was given a lease
extension on operating the National Convention Centre in Bangkok without any
competitive bidding and with no questions asked by the Thai authorities. In this
case, the thief of Japanese paintings may well comfort himself that his deed
cost Thailand much less, and that he did not benefit as much as the liquor
conglomerate whose patriarch allegedly bought the land of the prime minister's
father in an off-shore transaction worth several hundred million baht.

It is time to stop Thailand's anti-corruption pretension and hypocrisy and get
serious. We don't need any more laws against corruption, only more good examples
of those who are clean and having enough power and will to go after those who
are corrupt in the higher echelons of society. When the big fish start to get
caught, corruption and graft will decline and Thailand's ranking in anti-
corruption indexes will rise.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday

Indian anti-corruption movement finds inspiration in California march

BYLINE: By Matt O'Brien Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 890 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A movement to curtail political corruption in India is finding
inspiration in California, where six men on Saturday completed a 240-mile
protest march across the state.

The anti-corruption protesters strolled through the Bay Area suburbs this week
amid heavy downpours and cold weather. They attracted local curiosity but are
making bigger waves abroad.

"I firmly believe that all these things, which seem so small in their initial
stage, can become a big movement," said 70-year-old marcher Kewal Parnami, of
Tucson, Ariz. "If they can keep the fire ablaze, something will come of it."

Parnami was following in the symbolic footsteps of Mahatma Gandhi, whose 1930
Dandi March against a colonial salt tax was a turning point in the movement for
India's independence. The California journey, called Dandi March II, was for a
different cause: ending the systemic corruption that has stunted India's
otherwise remarkable economic growth.

"There is so much corruption going on," Parnami said. "It's like cancer, eating
the vitals of the economy."

The retiree moved to the United States from India in 1979, and remained mostly
apolitical until just over two weeks ago, when he heard about the planned march
from San Diego to San Francisco and packed his bags.

"Mahatma Gandhi is my idol," Parnami said. "I just wanted to become like him, a
guy who has such a great discipline, such a deep faith."

The march, and the hundreds of Indian-Americans who have come to watch and cheer
it, reflects a growing frustration with the status quo of Indian politics. It
also reflects a growing awareness that the hundreds of thousands of Indians
abroad can have a role in doing something about it.

"The diaspora is more conscious because they've seen something different,
they've lived something different," said Ujjal Dosanjh, a member of Canada's
Parliament and the former premier of British Columbia. "They have something to
contribute. They have perspective. They can say how things should be."

Dosanjh was scheduled to greet the marchers when they reached San Francisco on
Saturday, but the Vancouver politician dropped out after Canada's ruling
government was toppled by a parliamentary vote Friday.

Like many immigrants who were born in India, Dosanjh said he is deeply attached
to his native land and wants to see it prosper. But it is going to take
tremendous change from the Indian people and their leadership, he said.

"When more than half your economy is underground and not accounted for, when
everything from buying railway tickets to seats in college to government jobs
and grants -- when everything you have to do involves bribery and corruption --
it can't be a nice place to live," Dosanjh said. "I believe you can make all the
laws, you can create institutions but ultimately you actually need to change the
human beings. You need to change the values."

Though corruption is a longtime problem in India, a flurry of high-profile
scandals has infuriated the Indian public in the past year. Last week, U.S.
diplomatic cables leaked by the WikiLeaks group revealed another involving an
alleged cash-for-votes scheme.

"The corruption, both in India and across the world, has risen to such an extent
that it's started affecting the common man's life," said Cupertino resident
Sreekanth Godey, a march organizer and Microsoft engineer. "This is a walk to
let the government know enough is enough."

The marchers are pushing for legislation that would bring more transparency to
government and protect whistle-blowers. Their march has already inspired dozens
of other protests planned this weekend in 75 cities worldwide, the organizers
said.

Unlike Gandhi's legendary 240-mile march from the city of Ahmedabad to the
seaside town of Dandi, the California route was not contiguous. The crowd was
also a lot smaller: six full-time walkers as opposed to the tens of thousands
who joined in Gandhi's civil disobedience.

Dandi II began March 12 in San Diego, where the marchers met two days of polite
resistance from a counter-protesting group called Organization for Minorities of
India. The counter-protesters believe Gandhi, who came from an upper-caste
heritage, did little to improve the lot of those at the lowest rung of India's
caste system.

After reaching Los Angeles County, the Gandhi-inspired marchers skipped the
400-mile stretch between Southern California and the Bay Area, renting a van to
get from Artesia to Berkeley.

Then, they walked south through the East Bay, stopping at the Indian Community
Center in Milpitas, where they delivered a message to a prominent visitor: Meera
Shankar, India's ambassador to the United States, who was there to give a talk.

"She said, 'We're going to look at it.' That's the standard government answer,"
said march supporter Kal Raman, of Foster City. "At least she was civil. She was
noble about it."

The marchers continued north through the Peninsula, singing a Hindi phrase --
hum honge kamyab, which means, "We will succeed" -- as they were drenched by a
rainstorm.

"Blisters are there, but the body got used to it," said Orange County marcher
Srihari Atluri, 33, speaking after he reached downtown Burlingame. "It bothered
us more in the first five days, but now it doesn't bother us anymore."

The march ended with a rally Saturday afternoon at the Gandhi statue outside San
Francisco's Ferry Building.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gurinder Singh, left, and Sonu Ambedkar, right, of the Shri Guru
Ravidass Supreme Council protest against the Dandi March II at the Ferry
Building in San Francisco, Calif., on Saturday, March 26, 2011. (John
Green/Staff)
Representatives of the Shri Guru Ravidass Supreme Council held a protest against
the Dandi March II at the Ferry Building in San Francisco, Calif., on Saturday,
March 26, 2011. (John Green/Staff)
A group of Indian Americans, led by Nitin Shah, playing Gandhi, arrives at the
Ferry Building in San Francisco, Calif., on Saturday, March 26, 2011. The group
of six is nearing the end of their 240-mile march across California to protest
corruption in India. The march called Dandi March II, was inspired by Gandhi's
historic 1930 march to protest a British salt tax. (John Green/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 3, 1996, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Executives perceive Nigeria as world's most corrupt country

BYLINE: Sandra Block

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 239 words


Business executives believe Nigeria is the most corrupt country
in the world, according to a study by Transparency International,
a nonprofit organization formed to fight public corruption.

New Zealand was judged the least corrupt. The USA came in 15th
of the 54 countries ranked.

The study, based on several surveys of executives of multinational
companies, was based on perceptions, not actual instances of corruption,
says Frank Vogl, vice president of Transparency International.
But those perceptions are important, since multinational corporations
are less likely to invest in countries with a reputation for corruption,
he says.

Developing countries have the worst reputation among business
executives. Pakistan was judged the second-most corrupt, followed
by Kenya, Bangladesh and China. Some industrialized nations, including
Italy and Spain, also got low marks.

Vogl says he wasn't surprised by the USA's ranking because corruption
in large, industrialized nations gets more publicity than it does
in small countries. "The number of corruption cases in New Zealand
isn't going to make the front page." That doesn't mean a country
can't take steps to improve its image, Vogl says. Several years
ago, Singapore imprisoned several dishonest public officials and
raised civil servants' salaries as part of a widely publicized
anti-corruption campaign. It now ranks seventh-least corrupt.

LOAD-DATE: June 03, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 8, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Corrupt NYC cops 'akin to street gangs'

BYLINE: Steve Marshall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 182 words


A probe into New York City police corruption concluded Thursday that some NYPD
blues have effectively become members of "street gangs."

After a 22-month investigation, the Mollen Commission says that "a new and more
invidious form of corruption has infected parts of this city."

It says the police groups "are more akin to street gangs: small, loyal,
flexible, fast-moving and often hard-hitting."

Then-mayor David Dinkins formed the panel after it became apparent that the
nation's largest police force, with nearly 31,000 officers, had failed to root
out corruption.

One officer, Michael Dowd, continued illegal activities for six years despite 16
complaints that he was selling drugs and shaking down dealers.

Dowd, arrested in 1992 by Suffolk County officers, testified before the panel.
He faces sentencing on federal charges.

The panel's report portrays a culture of paranoia in which cops "fear the
consequences of 'ratting' on another cop no matter how grave the crime," and
supervisors "fear the consequences of corruption scandal more than corruption
itself."

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 24, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Excerpts From Mayor's Veto Message

SECTION: Section 1;    Page 28;    Column 1;    Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 799 words


Excerpts from Mayor Giuliani's letter formally presenting his reasons for
vetoing a bill to establish an independent agency to monitor police corruption:

Although I believe that an independent body may be a proper vehicle to continue
the City's efforts to combat police corruption, I believe that certain
provisions of Introductory No. 402-A violate the City Charter and for that and
additional reasons the bill is not the best means for furthering these efforts.
. . .

I have had several discussions with the Speaker regarding the bill, and I have
found his analysis useful and thoughtful. I agree with much of what is contained
in the bill and I believe that a board similar to that proposed by Introductory
No. 402-A is in the best interest of the City. However, because the bill
contains serious legal flaws and also creates a substantial risk of disrupting
the efforts of other agencies that are engaged in investigating and prosecuting
police corruption, I cannot approve it at this time. By vetoing this bill, I
hope that my administration and the Council can work together to develop a
better alternative.




.  .  .

It is the responsibility of the executive branch to guard against police
corruption, and police commissioner Bratton and I are committed to rooting out
police corruption.

I believe that the Council and the City's prosecutors agree with me that the
Police Department is the first line of defense against police corruption, and
that police corruption can best be combatted by the Police Department. However,
I believe that the creation of the board contemplated by Introductory No. 402-A
runs counter to this shared objective in various ways as described below.




.  .  .

[The city's District Attorneys and the United States Attorney in Manhattan]
raised similar concerns about the bill, namely that the bill's grant of
unfettered investigatory power to a police board will impair the development of
a coherent effort by the City to combat police corruption. As was noted at the
hearing, with the five District Attorneys' offices, two United States Attorneys,
and the Police Department, there are already eight separate government agencies
with the ability and resources to investigate police corruption. . . . I agree
with the prosecutors that the creation of a competing body with investigative
powers to the extent contemplated by the bill may interfere with ongoing
investigations and may promote confusion and lack of coordination between
agencies.

The prosecutors also pointed out that granting the board unlimited investigatory
power will present serious safety risks to police officers and others engaged in
field investigations, and they raised significant reservations about whether the
proposed investigatory "protocols" contemplated by the bill are a viable means
of addressing these important concerns. . . .

There are several fundamental changes to the bill that are necessary. First, the
bill should make clear that the primary function of an independent body should
be to monitor and audit the performance of the Police Department to ensure that
the Police Department has implemented lasting systems for fighting corruption,
and to ensure that those systems are operating effectively. The principal
mission of an independent body should not be to conduct its own investigations .
. .

I also believe that there may be merit to granting an independent body powers of
investigation, but those powers should not be unlimited. There may be
exceptional circumstances under which it is determined that investigation of an
underlying corruption allegation is necessary to enable the board to achieve its
mandate of monitoring the police department's anti-corruption efforts. Under
such circumstances, the board should have some degree of independent
investigating authority. However, the authority to investigate specific
allegations of police corruption is fundamentally an executive branch function,
and the board's investigative authority must be exercised in a manner consonant
with the responsibilities of the executive branch and the board must be
accountable to the Mayor. . . .

I also am advised by the Corporation Counsel that the bill is not legal under
our City Charter and the Municipal Home Rule Law to the extent that it arrogates
to the City Council the right to make appointments to a board which will oversee
the operations of the executive branch, and to the extent it seeks to intrude
into the operations of the executive branch. These objections are not mere legal
technicalities, but represent a basic principle of our system of government: the
legislature passes legislation, and the executive implements legislation. Here,
the Council violates the Charter by attempting to do both. . . .

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Text

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            September 7, 2012 Friday

Potential conflict of interest keeps Briones case in New Mexico, Chilo Madrid
asks for dismissal

BYLINE: By Marty Schladen \ El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1249 words


Special section: El Paso Public Corruption

To avoid a possible conflict of interest, federal law enforcement handed three
El Paso public corruption cases to New Mexico prosecutors, prompting a call on
Thursday to dismiss one indictment and possibly sparking protests from federal
prosecutors based in Texas.

Court documents filed Wednesday show that the U.S. Justice Department at first
moved corruption cases against former County Judge Dolores Briones, Cirilo
"Chilo" Madrid and Ruben "Sonny" Garcia to the U.S. Attorney's Office in New
Mexico and then moved those against Madrid and Garcia back to El Paso.

Now Madrid, who is scheduled to go on trial Oct. 1, is trying to find out why
his case was handed back and forth between federal prosecutors -- a move that
one expert said was unusual.

Madrid also asked on Thursday that his indictment be dismissed on a matter
related to the initial appointment of New Mexico prosecutors in his case. He
said the assistant U.S. attorney from New Mexico who signed his indictment was
never properly appointed to handle Madrid's case in Texas.

Madrid is due in court at 2 p.m. today, but it's unclear whether U.S. District
Judge Frank Montalvo will take up his most recent motions during the hearing.

Potential conflicts of interest appear to have prompted decisions by Associate
Deputy Attorney General David Margolis to shuttle cases between the offices.
Emailed questions about the possible conflict to Justice Department headquarters
in Washington, D.C., and to U.S. attorney's offices in San Antonio and
Albuquerque were not answered Thursday.

Briones is the sister of Senior U.S. District Judge David Briones, who hears
cases in the same courthouse as Montalvo.

It would be a potential conflict for David Briones to hear cases from U.S.
prosecutors in the Western District of Texas while they had an active case
against his sister -- even if it was in a different court -- said Peter J.
Henning, a law professor at Wayne State University who writes the White Collar
Watch column for The New York Times. Before that, Henning worked in the Criminal
Division of the U.S. Justice Department.

"You would never want to put the judge in a bad position," he said.

Dolores Briones pleaded guilty last December to her role in a scheme in which
she accepted $24,000 in bribes from LKG Enterprises Inc., a company owned by
Garcia, in exchange for her support of a $600,000-a-year contract between LKG
and the Border Children's Mental Health Collaborative, an entity overseen by the
county.

Garcia pleaded guilty in July in a separate proceeding. He faces up to five
years in prison, and he and his company each could have to repay $550,000 -- the
amount the company which was paid in 2005 and 2006 and for which the company
didn't provide services.

Madrid, an associate of Garcia and longtime CEO of El Paso nonprofit Aliviane
Inc., was charged in the same indictment as Garcia. He is accused of receiving
$100,000 to produce a 20-page report, passages of which he admitted in a 2010
deposition that he plagiarized from the Internet.

Madrid's attorney, Leon Schydlower, could not be reached Thursday.

But in his court filings Schydlower cites case law and passages in the United
States attorney's manual to argue that to disqualify an entire U.S. attorney's
office from handling a case is exceedingly rare. He is asking Montalvo to force
the Justice Department to turn over all documents related to the decision so the
judge can read them and determine whether any must be turned over to Madrid.

"There exist facts then, unknown to (Schydlower) or Mr. Madrid, that generate a
disqualification and recusal scenario extraordinarily egregious," Schydlower
wrote of the decisions to disqualify the West Texas prosecutors in the cases of
Briones, Garcia and Madrid and then to reappoint them to handle Garcia's and
Madrid's cases.

In a motion filed Thursday, Madrid is asking that his entire indictment be
dismissed because Steve Yarbrough, First Assistant U.S. Attorney for New Mexico,
signed the document without being properly appointed to handle the case in the
Western District of Texas.

Documents prosecutors did hand over to Madrid say the New Mexico U.S. attorney
is responsible for decisions about Dolores Briones, both in the LKG scheme and
in the Access HealthSource scandal.

In the Access case, 11 officials were indicted in 2010 on charges that they
fraudulently steered more than $100 million in employee health-insurance
business from El Paso County and the El Paso, Ysleta and Socorro school
districts. Of the 11 charged in the Access indictment, 10 have pleaded guilty.

Federal authorities in New Mexico apparently decided not to charge Dolores
Briones in the Access case. They made the decision even though Debra Kanof, a
federal prosecutor in West Texas, has said that Dolores Briones admitted taking
bribes from Access officials and appointed Larry Medina to an open seat on the
County Commissioners Court because he also had pledged to support Access.

Medina has pleaded guilty. Despite having an apparently lesser role in the
conspiracy than Dolores Briones, he faces up to 20 years in prison when he's
sentenced Feb. 20.

In the LKG case, Dolores Briones faces the same five-year maximum sentence as
Garcia. But judging from an appeal for support written in July by a friend, she
appears to have signed a nonbinding plea agreement under which she would receive
probation.

Henning and another federal-sentencing expert have said that Dolores Briones
appears to have gotten unusually generous treatment from federal prosecutors in
New Mexico.

Madrid's court filings say it appears that prosecutors in the Western District
of Texas were dissatisfied with the Justice Department's decision to move all
LKG-related cases to the U.S. attorney for the District of New Mexico.

"Apparently, (the Western District of Texas) appealed the Department of
Justice's decision to recuse it, and (the Western District of Texas) sought and
was granted a rescission of 'the recusal of the United States Attorney's Office
of the Western District of Texas from the investigation and prosecution of
Dolores Briones, Cirilo "Chilo" Madrid, Sonny Garcia and LKG Enterprises Inc.,'
" the pleading filed by Madrid on Wednesday says.

It also says prosecutors waited until the case was well under way to tell Madrid
that the Justice Department had ever determined it might have a conflict in
Madrid's case.

"The United States never disclosed that the Department of Justice had previously
determined that (the Western District of Texas) had an actual or potential
conflict of interest in this case until July 31, 2012, only two months before
the trial of this matter," the document says.

Documents released by prosecutors don't say when the Justice Department decided
to move Madrid and Garcia's case back to the West Texas prosecutor's office.

Henning said the Justice Department probably moved investigation and prosecution
of all three cases to New Mexico out of an abundance of caution. Officials might
then have determined that due to Dolores Briones' guilty plea -- which happened
just days before Madrid and Garcia were indicted -- it would be OK to move the
remaining cases back to West Texas, where prosecutors were closer to the scene
of the alleged crime.

"The Department of Justice is trying to be careful," Henning said, noting some
recent debacles involving high-profile defendants. "They can't risk another
disaster."

Marty Schladen may be reached at mschladen@elpasotimes.com; 546-6127.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cirilo "Chilo" Madrid
Ruben "Sonny" Garcia
County Judge Dolores Briones
Dolores Briones

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 22, 2010 Sunday

Observers say world supports corrupt government in Afghanistan

LENGTH: 1185 words


MP Ahmad Behzad, a serious critic of President Hamed Karzai's team and a member
of the opposition, has lashed out at the international community for supporting
Karzai despite what he described as massive fraud in the last presidential
election in favour of Karzai. He said that the international community was not
honest in the fight against corruption in the country.

Speaking on Tolo TV's "Entekhabat 89" or "Election 2010" programme on 21 August,
Behzad said: "You see that the international community has entered an invalid
period to deal with difficulties and problems in Afghanistan's political system.
You see that the international community has announced that it expects that the
Afghan government will seriously fight administrative corruption, but it has
turned a blind eye to a major case of corruption, that is the fraud in the
presidential election. It means it has supported a government and leadership
which came to Afghanistan based on fraud and then the international community
sent a love letter to Karzai and attended his inauguration ceremony. Meanwhile,
it began complaining about escalating administrative corruption in Afghanistan.
I think that it is an invalid period."

Behzad accused the USA and its allies of establishing a corrupt government in
Afghanistan and urged the Afghan people to be sensitive towards national issues.

"You see, the foreigners do not love our national interest as much as we need to
love it. We should accept this. When we, Afghans, are not ready to be sensitive
towards our national issues, it is a waste of time to expect the Americans,
British and European Union to think about our interest. It is obvious that there
are mafia circles inside the Afghan government established in collaboration with
foreigners and Afghans. I emphasize that it was the Americans and their allies
who laid the foundation stone of this administration which prepares the ground
for the escalation of corruption in Afghanistan," he noted.

Khalil Roman, expert on political affairs, said that there was not any intention
in Afghanistan to fight corruption and that now the country is drowning in
corruption.

He said: "I think that corruption has gradually escalated in Afghanistan. There
has not been the intention over the past eight years to fight corruption. We
have emphasized that the intention should be created to fight corruption. The
presidential office should have fought corruption. However, recklessness,
negligence and escaping from responsibility have given rise to administrative
corruption and now corruption engulfs the entire country. Today, if we want to
fight corruption, we still do not have any definition for corruption like other
issues."

Roman voiced concern about rampant administrative corruption in Afghanistan and
stressed the need to set up an independent directorate to fight corruption in a
single office and then expand its operation to other offices. He also warned
that security, corruption is serious threatening Afghanistan.

"Corruption is not limited only to embezzlement and bribery. Administrative
corruption is a very important issue which has become widespread. Political
corruption has also become widespread such as fraud in the election. Now,
whether the president wants it or not, corruption with all its bases has turned
into a major challenge like security in Afghanistan. Therefore, the
prescriptions given four or five years ago for overcoming corruption in
Afghanistan do not work today. Today, if there is the intention to fight
corruption, it should be fought gradually. First of all, this fight needs a
clean directorate which is quite difficult to establish. And then this
directorate should be expanded gradually," he observed.

Meanwhile, MP Shokria Barekzai said that circles and individuals inside the
Afghan government were trying to damage President Karzai's relations with the
USA, UK and Europe at the behest of regional countries. She emphasized that this
issue had escalated administrative corruption in Afghan offices.

She said: "Anti-Western opinion and stances and false information and reports
provided by the president's colleagues and allies, particularly those who mostly
benefit from foreign countries such as our neighbours, Pakistan, Iran, China and
India, have turned into a problem. They have always tried to damage the
president's relations with the USA, UK and the European Union. They try to
involve the president in such issues to achieve their objectives. If Afghanistan
possessed an independent judicial system without the interference of the
presidential office, I think we would not face these problems today."

MP Behzad emphasized that President Karzai was the main obstacle facing the
fight against corruption, narcotics and terrorism in Afghanistan. He also said
that mafia circles were controlling the political system in Afghanistan.

Behzad: "Meanwhile, there is another fact and that is when the government does
not want an issue to be investigated, it sets up commissions and special units,
for example for murders and the issue of corruption. Today, mafia links are
controlling Afghanistan's political system. We have the basic problem of
administrative corruption. It is not possible to fight corruption by shouting
slogans. First of all, we should know that what has undermined Afghanistan's
political system and prepared the ground for strengthening mafia....If we assess
Karzai based on his slogans, he will be the most serious person in the fight
against corruption, drug smuggling, fighting terrorism and ensuring stability
and security in Afghanistan, but if we justly judge him based on his
performance, Karzai himself is a challenge facing the fight against corruption,
drug smuggling, fighting terrorism and ensuring peace and security in
Afghanistan."

He also stressed that the Afghan government itself escalated corruption in
Afghanistan and described President Karzai as the main source of disorder in the
country. He said that the focus of power was the main cause of administrative
corruption in Afghan offices.

Ahmad Behzad said: "We have said several times that power causes corruption and
the focus and absolute power will be absolute corruption. Today, if you take any
decision in an office, for example, if you want to appoint someone in an office,
you have to have Karzai's approval. We see which network and group is
controlling the power in the Afghan government. We also know who is leading this
network. I think that efforts for acquitting Karzai in terms of escalating
administrative corruption, drug smuggling, insecurity, violence and supporting
terrorism is a kind of political bounty for Karzai. We have a principle saying
that proving something does not acquit us. It means when we say that Karzai is
the factor of the present disorder, it does not mean that others do not have any
role in this disorder. The ruling circle has prepared the ground for the
political mafia to strike deals and compromises. When this ground is prepared,
of course, others will also benefit from it and seek their own interests and
benefit."

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1730 gmt 21 Aug 10

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday
                                  WEB Edition

It's always shady in Pennsylvania

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 662 words


OK, I FEEL the need to defend my native state.

Pennsylvania's earned reputation for public corruption is being besmirched.

A new study of states ranks us fifth-most-corrupt behind Mississippi, Louisiana,
Tennessee and Illinois.

I'm here to tell you we've been wronged. We're more corrupt than that.

For starters, we have Philadelphia, described more than a century ago by
muckraking journalist Lincoln Steffens in The Shame of the Cities as "the most
corrupt and the most contented" of all American municipalities.

Think much changed in 100-plus years?

No offense, Chicago.

More important, the new study is skewed against us in two ways: It doesn't
include convictions for state crimes, and its data only go to 2008 - and we've
certainly boosted our rap sheet since then.

Who can forget state convictions of former House Speaker John Perzel, former
House Speaker Bill DeWeese, former House Whip Mike Veon, other lawmakers,
members of their staffs, the Orie sisters and so many more?

Three dozen were charged in state legislative scandals alone after 2008.

Corruption's everywhere: the Legislature, the judiciary, the Liquor Control
Board, the Turnpike Commission, Philly Traffic Court.

In just the past 17 months, state charges were brought against 28 public
officials, including a Philly assistant district attorney, a former Philly
judge, a Philly state senator and five Philly teachers caught in a cheating
scandal.

We're so corrupt, we teach it to schoolkids.

But I digress.

The study in question was authored by academics at Indiana University,
Bloomington, and the City University of Hong Kong (the co-author there graduated
from Indiana and taught at colleges in that state).

I chatted with one author, Indiana chancellor's professor John Mikesell, who
confirms that he focused only on federal crimes and convictions.

"And the reason for that," he says, "is maintaining consistency."

Fair enough.

But when I note that Pennsylvania's run of state convictions since 2008 surely
bumps up our ranking, Mikesell says that "states like Illinois have similar
sorts of experience."

He's right. Sort of.

Illinois lost three governors, 15 state lawmakers, 19 Cook County (Chicago)
judges and more, which is pretty impressive.

But that was between 1972 and 2006.

Since then, we've out-Illinoised Illinois (although another governor, Rod
Blagojevich, later was convicted), even at the federal-only level.

U.S. Justice Department conviction data from 2000 and 2010 show Pennsylvania
with higher numbers than Illinois and each of the supposedly more-corrupt states
of Mississippi, Louisiana and Tennessee.

The only states with more federal convictions than Pennsylvania during that
period are four states with larger populations. Illinois, despite a larger
population, is behind us.

And if the data are examined on a per-capita basis, as was done by the New York
Times a few years back, we rank higher than Illinois and higher than every
larger state but Florida.

Also, the Center for Public Integrity, a national nonpartisan nonprofit, led a
2012 study of each state's "risk" of corruption based on state laws and
practices.

Pennsylvania was rated a higher risk than Illinois, Tennessee, Mississippi and
Louisiana.

The study singled out our laws permitting unlimited campaign contributions and
cited our judiciary, our budget process and redistricting as principal reasons
for our higher risk of corruption.

Finding stats on corruption charges brought by states is tough. The U.S. Justice
Department doesn't keep them. Those who work on corruption studies use federal
charges.

But if state and local convictions are added to the mix, I have no doubt that
Pennsylvania climbs at least a couple of rungs up the corruption ladder.

We deserve a higher ranking. Our history merits it. Our resistance to reforms
requires it.

We've earned our place in the panoply of public corruption.

And it isn't fifth place.

Email: baerj@phillynews.com

Blog: ph.ly/BaerGrowls

Columns: ph.ly/JohnBaer


LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 13, 2010 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

ANTI-CORRUPTION BILLS SAIL THROUGH PANEL

BYLINE: MARY ELLEN KLAS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 437 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


State prosecutors would get new tools to crack down on corrupt government
officials who hide financial interests that result in private gain from their
public jobs under a bill unanimously passed by a Senate committee Monday.

The measure, sponsored by Sen. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, has the support of the
20 state attorneys. It would close a gap in state law that prevents state
attorneys from prosecuting officials who purposefully fail to disclose their
financial interest because they want to shield how they are making money from
their public offices.

Palm Beach County State Attorney Michael McAuliffe told the Senate Ethics and
Elections Committee that the three Palm Beach County commissioners jailed on
corruption charges pleaded guilty over the past three years because federal
prosecutors, not his office, had the best tools to convict them.

"There is, in my opinion, a gap in Florida law," he said. "This surgically
addresses it'' and provides a "focused approach to address the lack of an
adequate toolbox for Florida prosecutors to combat corruption in our state."

Gov. Charlie Crist said last week that the Legislature's inaction on the issues
could prompt him to call a special session in May or June to take up toughening
the state's public corruption laws. He complained that since he became governor,
he has had to remove more than 30 people from office on corruption charges,
about one a month.

McAuliffe and Gelber won the unanimous support of the committee for the bill, SB
1076, but only after overcoming initial skepticism from its members who feared
it was too broad and could potentially snare people for simple mistakes.

"Those provisions are open to interpretation," said Sen. J.D. Alexander, R-Lake
Wales, chairman of the committee. "What is direct financial interest?"

Gelber said the proposal is intended to be as narrow as possible by including
the requirement that the public official be acting both willfully and with
corrupt intent before he can be prosecuted.

Sen. John Thrasher, R-St. Augustine, asked if they could identify any case that
has not been prosecuted because of the absence of such a law. "Do we need this
additional statute which, frankly, I have a concern about being somewhat overly
broad?" he asked.

McAuliffe said a Palm Beach County grand jury last fall found that his office
could not have prosecuted the three convicted county commissioners because of
the gap in the law.

The committee also unanimously passed another of Gelber's bills, SB 734, to
allow for a higher penalty when a public official betrays the public trust by
using his public office to engage in a criminal act.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 16, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

NYC cops: Excess force not corruption

BYLINE: Gary Fields; Maria Goodavage

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1019 words


A majority of New York police don't believe using too much force is corrupt
behavior. According to a poll of 6,982 officers to determine what they believe
constitutes corruption, 65.1% of them said using too much force did not.

In addition, 71.4% don't believe accepting a free meal is corruption and 15%
said using drugs is not corruption. The poll had a margin of error of plus or
minus 1.3 percentage points.

Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, speaking Wednesdayt an international conference of
internal-affairs investigators, said the next step is "to create an imperative
for honesty and integrity" in each officer. The poll follows a widely
publicized, off-duty rampage by NYPD officers in Washington, D.C., and a brawl
in New Jersey.

Elsewhere: The Philadelphia district attorney's office will ask that 15 drug
convictions be dismissed because of police corruption. Five city police officers
have acknowledged stealing about $ 100,000 from drug suspects, tampering with
evidence and falsifying records, sending some suspects to jail. Judges have
overturned 14 other convictions.

NOT PROTECTED: The Florida Supreme Court ruled Thursday that cross burning is
not protected by the First Amendment. The amendment gives residents a right of
self-expression but not the right "to launch terrorist raids against his or her
neighbor," wrote Justice Leander Shaw, the court's lone black justice. The 6-1
ruling reversed a Jacksonville, Fla., trial court's finding that a 1993 state
law that forbids burning a cross on someone's property is unconstitutional.

BOMBS AWAY: Pilot Robert Moore, convicted of taking to the air and bombing
Independence, Kan., with four rolls of toilet paper, is free pending appeal of a
60-day sentence. Moore, 38, was convicted of littering and refusing last fall to
take a sobriety test. Police said he was drunk. Defense lawyer William
Fitzgerald said Moore's sobriety was evident by the fact that the rolls hit
within two feet of his target. Moore was acquitted of flying while intoxicated.
Judge Russell Canaday gave Moore the maximum sentence Wednesday.

ON PAROLE: Nevada Gov. Bob Miller defended the reassignment of Parole Board
Chairwoman Lupe Gunderson, saying the move is intended to restore credibility to
the board after the release of career criminal Donald Cameron, who, a month
after his release, shot and killed Sparks police officer Larry Johnson. Cameron,
46, was freed despite staunch law enforcement opposition. Gunderson will take
another state job that comes with an annual pay increase of about $ 1,000. Also:
The district attorney in Washoe County said two police officers were justified
in killing Cameron. Cameron was shot 20 times after killing Johnson.

LETHAL INJECTION: U.S. District Judge Scott Wright will hold a hearing Monday in
Jefferson City, Mo., on a class-action lawsuit filed on behalf of the state's 91
death row inmates that challenges whether lethal injection constitutes "cruel
and unusual punishment." The impetus for the lawsuit, filed Wednesday,
apparently was the May 3 execution of Emmitt Foster, who lingered for a
half-hour after officials administered the fatal chemicals. The suit also cites
problems in Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Illinois.

CHANCELLOR RESIGNS: After months of criticism from New York Mayor Rudolph
Giuliani, Schools Chancellor Ramon Cortines resigned leadership of the country's
largest school system. He wrote his two-sentence resignation note Sunday - the
day after Giuliani announced formation of a panel to investigate school system
handling of safety and violence. The sixth chancellor in 10 years, Cortines, 63,
will leave Oct. 15. "He has done a superb job in the face of dwindling resources
and a lot of critics," said Board of Education President Carol Gresser. A former
superintendent of schools in San Francisco, Cortines arrived in New York in 1993
and was immediately thrust into an asbestos crisis that delayed school that
year.

NOT COUNTING: California Highway Patrol officials said they will no longer
release an official count of suicides off the Golden Gate Bridge, at least until
the 1,000th confirmed death. The most recent suicide on June 5 was the 997th
since the first recorded suicide in August 1937. "When we get into the magic
number business, we might push someone over," psychiatrist Richard Seiden said.

ALSO THURSDAY . . .

-- ENGINE SCARE: A United Airlines Boeing 757 that landed in Los Angeles on one
engine in February was having a fuel control problem, an FAA spokesman said. The
crew shut one engine down when it stuck in a high thrust mode. About 100 of the
Pratt & Whitney engines have been inspected since then without finding a similar
problem.

-- POWERBALL GROWS: Georgia lottery officials said state residents will be able
to play Powerball beginning June 29. The multistate lottery currently is played
in 19 states and Washington, D.C. Jackpots often approach $ 100 million, and the
highest has been $ 111 million.

-- PORPOISE DIES: A well-publicized effort to save a stranded infant porpoise
ended when the animal died minutes before a news conference in Vallejo, Calif.
Pebbles was less than a day old when she washed up on a Pacific Grove beach June
9. A necropsy is planned.

Gay pride parade is city's 25th

More than a half-million spectators and participants are expected in San
Francisco at Sunday's Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Pride Parade. The
parade is the city's 25th. "The name is more cumbersome, but it makes us feel
better to include everyone," says parade president Robert Allen. "I just hope it
doesn't get any longer in years to come." Among participants: Candace Gingrich,
the half-sister of House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who will be a grand marshal.
Gingrich is a spokeswoman for the National Coming Out Project, which urges gay
men and lesbians to reveal their sexual orientation to end discrimination. Also
participating: Roberta Achtenberg, a mayoral candidate and former Clinton
administration Housing official.  -- Maria Goodavage

Contributing: Carrie Dowling, Jeannine Lee, Mary Smaragdis and Jay Tokasz.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, USA TODAY; PHOTOS, b/w, AP (2)

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 November 5, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Brazil's Soccer Scandal

SECTION: Section 4; Page 14; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 184 words



To the Editor:

"Brazil's Big Scandal" (editorial, Nov. 2) used stereotyping in asserting that
an investigation into Brazil's national soccer team should lead to
investigations of other institutions, implying that institutions in Brazil
operate outside the law, which is false. Corruption in sports is not the
privilege of any one country, as demonstrated by the selection of Salt Lake City
for the 2002 Winter Olympics.

You stated the investigation "would be a major step forward in a society that
has come to regard corruption as inevitable." In 1992 Brazil removed an elected
president for corruption (without pardoning him) after an impeachment process.
Brazil has carried out strong legal measures to combat corruption and improve
public sector management.

The fact that Brazilian congressional committees are investigating public
figures shows the strength of our democracy. There is nothing new about demands
by Brazilians for strict accountability from those who serve in positions of
public trust.

RUBENS A. BARBOSA
Brazilian Ambassador to the U.S.
Washington, Nov. 2, 2000

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sports digest: Mizzou basketball aide takes post at DePaul

BYLINE:  From staff and wire reports; Dave Matter (St. Louis Post-Dispatch)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 653 words


Mizzou basketball aide takes post at DePaul

Bryan Tibaldi, Missouri's director of basketball operations the last two
seasons, will take over the same role at DePaul, both schools announced Monday.
Tibaldi has been on Mizzou's staff for four years, the last two as director of
operations under former coach Frank Haith and current coach Kim Anderson.

At DePaul, Tibaldi will reunite with Blue Demons coach Dave Leitao, who served
on Haith's staff in 2013-14. Former MU assistant coach Rick Carter also works on
Leitao's staff as associate head coach. Tibaldi, a former walk-on player at
Michigan State, came to Mizzou in 2011 after working for the Chicago Bulls for
two seasons in the team's video department and front office. He served as
Haith's video coordinator from 2011-13 before earning a promotion to director of
operations. (Dave Matter)

Soccer o A report says the high-ranking FIFA official who allegedly made a $10
million payment central to a U.S. inquiry into soccer corruption is believed to
be Sepp Blatter's right-hand man, Jerome Valcke.

The New York Times reported late Monday that U.S. law enforcement officials
believe Valcke, FIFA's secretary general, transferred the money in 2008 to
accounts controlled by Jack Warner, the former CONCACAF president and FIFA vice
president who faces corruption charges in the U.S. The report cited unidentified
law enforcement officials.

American investigators believe the money was paid as a bribe in exchange for
Warner and others voting to give the 2010 World Cup to South Africa.

NFL o Quarterback Cam Newton and the Carolina Panthers are close to finalizing a
long-term deal, ESPN.com reported, citing multiple sources. ... Ex-Mizzou
linebacker Shane Ray, Denver's first-round draft pick, has signed his rookie
contract, worth about $9 million over four years. It includes a signing bonus of
nearly $5 million. ... The Tennessee Titans have agreed to terms with their
second round draft selection, wide receiver Dorial Green-Beckham, a former star
at Mizzou. ... New York Giants punter Steve Weatherford, a former Illini star,
escaped serious injury after totaling a rented car on the New Jersey Turnpike
early Monday as he tried to return home for practice from watching the birth of
a daughter in California.

UAB to bring back football o University of Alabama Birmingham President Ray
Watts said that he is bringing the football program back as early as 2016,
reversing a decision to shut it down because it was too expensive.

Watts cited renewed financial commitment from supporters, students and the city
as reasons for the change of heart.

He said donors have pledged to make up the projected $17.2 million deficit over
the next five years if football is restored. Watts told The Associated Press he
decided Monday morning to reverse the earlier decision after meetings with UAB
supporters continued through the weekend.

College golf o SMU's Bryson DeChambeau won the NCAA individual golf title Monday
in Bradenton, Fla., and Illinois topped the eight team match-play qualifiers.

DeChambeau closed with a 1-under 71 for a one-stroke victory over Washington's
Pan Cheng-Tsung. DeChambeau finished at 8-under 280. Pan had a 67. Vanderbilt's
Hunter Stewart and Illinois' Thomas Detry tied for third at 6 under. Steward
shot a 68, and Detry had a 70.

Illinois finished at 3-under 1,155. Vanderbilt qualified second at 5 over. In
the semifinals Tuesday, Illinois will face UCLA, Vanderbilt will play LSU,
Georgia will meet South Florida, and Texas will face Southern California. The
semifinals are Tuesday afternoon and the championship match is Wednesday.

College softball o Lauren Haeger's three RBIs helped Florida (59-6) beat
Michigan 3-2 in Oklahoma City, moving the Gators within one win of a repeat
Women's College World Series title. Michigan (59-7) saw its 28-game winning
streak snapped. The teams will meet again Tuesday in the best-of-three
championship series.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 28, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Ex-Rogue Officer Tells Panel Of Police Graft in New York

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1523 words


On the first day of hearings by a mayoral commission into corruption in the New
York City Police Department, an admitted rogue officer described yesterday how
lax supervision and an ingrained departmental culture allowed him to evolve from
taking free drinks and pizza on his first days on the job into taking $8,000 a
week to protect a Brooklyn drug dealer.

The former officer, Michael Dowd, described a force where police brutality was
common, honest officers were intimidated into ignoring abuses, and commanding
officers often shut their eyes to suspicions of graft, violence, drug use and
alcoholism by officers.

Another officer, who the commission said was "honest," echoed much of Mr. Dowd's
version of the current state of corruption. The officer, referred to only as
Otto, whose testimony was given on videotape, asserted that most of the officers
in his precinct were aware of widespread graft involving narcotics dealers but
that police officials "would rather just sweep it under the rug."

The commission that is conducting the hearings has found that corruption is less
widespead than it was 20 years ago during the era of the Knapp Commission. But
one of the hearings' themes is that the department has not been aggressive
enough in pursuing allegations against officers.

Dinkins Testifies

In one case, commission staff members said the department's Internal Affairs
Division failed to follow up on an informer's allegations about corruption among
a group of officers in the Ninth Precinct in Manhattan. Like the Dowd case, the
staff members said, the Ninth Precinct case illustrated what the commission
believes has been an "institutional resistance" to combating corruption. [Page
B3.]

Mayor David N. Dinkins was the first witness before the panel, known as the
Mollen Commission for its chairman, former Deputy Mayor Milton Mollen. Mr.
Dinkins noted that corruption scandals have engulfed the force almost every 20
years during this century, and he urged the panel to find permanent solutions to
end the cycle.

"We are not back where we were during the Knapp Commission's time," said Mr.
Dinkins, "but neither are we going to wait for the culture of corruption to grow
when we see clear and obvious danger signals. Because we never want to have a
cancer on the scale we had back then."

The five-member Mollen Commission was appointed July 1992 by Mr. Dinkins after
Mr. Dowd's arrest in Suffolk County on charges of drug trafficking and after
disclosures of other investigations by outside authorities into corrupt police
practices.

The hearings are expected to last several weeks, ending shortly before the
mayoral election on Nov. 2.

In establishing the commission, Mr. Dinkins asked it to determine the extent of
corruption in the 30,000-member department, evaluate the effectivesness of the
department's anticorruption programs and recommend changes to combat corruption.

Mr. Dowd asserted that from his rookie days in the Police Academy in 1982,
instructors and older officers inculcated a philosophy of "it's us against them"
and "never rat against another cop." With his eyes downcast, the 32-year-old Mr.
Dowd explained in a subdued voice, "Us were the cops and them were the public."

Dismissed From Force

Mr. Dowd was an officer for 10 years before he was arrested in May 1992 and
dismissed from the force. In June of this year, he pleaded guilty to Federal
charges of racketeering and drug trafficking after a signing a plea agreement
that called for him to serve 12 years and seven months. But Judge Kimba Wood of
Federal District Court in Manhattan said she might impose a harsher sentence.

As the grim-faced Mr. Dowd took his seat before the commission yesterday, Mr.
Mollen, a former State Supreme Court justice, said the group had given him no
assurances that his testimony and cooperation could lead to a shorter prison
term.

For almost four hours in the vaulted hall of the City Bar Association on West
44th Street -- where the Knapp Commission held its hearings in 1971 -- Mr. Dowd
related his metamorphosis as a rookie officer in 1982 who joined the force "to
help people" into a dissolute officer who while on the job became a robber,
sniffed cocaine in his radio patrol car and frequently assaulted people because
they were disrespectful to him.

Mr. Dowd insisted that he had originally wanted to arrest drug dealers and help
rid the city of narcotics traffickers, but he asserted that the Police
Department's policies of discouraging officers from making such arrests led him
to rob drug dealers and eventually join forces with them.

Asked by panel members to give his motives for robbing drug dealers and working
with them, he said that as an officer in the 75th Precinct in East New York,
Brooklyn, in the early and mid-1980's, he became "angry" at departmental
policies.

"If you made an arrest you would get a complaint about overtime and the next day
you would be on a foot post in the weeds on the Belt Parkway," he said. He
asserted that precinct commanders did not want uniformed officers arresting
suspected drug dealers and being tied up in court and earning overtime pay.

"I was turned off by the department itself," he said.

Questioned by Joseph P. Armao, the commission's chief counsel, and Leslie U.
Cornfeld, its deputy counsel, Mr. Dowd offered a handbook on how he engaged in
hundreds of corrupt acts from 1982 to 1982 and how he easily evaded exposure.

At the Police Academy, where all rookie officers undergo training, Mr. Dowd said
that little attention was given to integrity training and that instructors
advised new officers that the best way to avoid trouble was "to have a cop back
you up."

His first field assignment in 1983 was in a Neighborhood Stabilization Unit in
Jackson Heights and Astoria, Queens, and he said training officers instructed
him how to get six-packs of beer, food, clothing and other gifts free from local
merchants.

In his first precinct assignments in Queens and Brooklyn, Mr. Dowd said older
officers advised him that being a "good cop" meant "never ratting." Otherwise,
he was warned, fellow officers might be slow to respond to his aid if he were in
danger, he said.

Mr. Dowd said he was assigned in 1983 to uniformed patrol in the 75th Precinct
in East New York, an area infested with drug dealers. He said that within a year
he and about 15 to 20 other officers became "a crew" and began "hitting spots"
or robbing drug dealers.

Each of the officers stole about $200 to $500 a week, Mr. Dowd said, and the
drug dealers, who were engaged in unlawful acts, rarely complained to the
authorities. He said he often raced to radio calls for shootings and assaults
not in his zone because be suspected the call was to a drug house and would have
the opporutunity to steal drugs, money or guns.

In the summer of 1986, he said, he was temporarily assigned to summer foot
patrol on the Coney Island boardwalk but was drunk most of the time while on
duty.

When he returned to the East New York precinct in the fall of 1986, Mr. Dowd
said, many officers were suspicious of him because they believed he might have
become an informer following the arrests of 13 officers at another Brooklyn
precinct for extorting money from drug traffickers.

Mr. Dowd, however, said he became partners with another corrupt officer and they
began to provide protection for a drug dealer who paid them $8,000 a week for
protection, including tipping him off to possible police raids, to be bodyguards
and to harass rival dealers.

Mr. Dowd said that during the late 1980's his take-home pay was about $400 a
week but he showed up for work in a $35,000 red Corvette, bought four homes on
Long Island and wore expensive clothes without supervisory officers questioning
him about his lavish life style.



PANEL MEMBERS

MILTON MOLLEN A judge for 24 years, Mr. Mollen, the commission chairman, was
deputy mayor for public safetyunder Mayor David N. Dinkins for two years. He was
a Criminal Court judge, a State Supreme Court justice and Appellate Division
justice.

 HAROLD BAER JR. A State Supreme Court justice for 10 years, he was the first
executive director of the Police Department's Civilian Complaint Review Board.
He was also an assistant United States Attorney.

 HERBERT B. EVANS A former chief administrative judge for New York State, he was
an associate justice of the Appellate Division and a Civil Court judge in New
York City. He was also a State Supreme Court justice and chairman of the New
York City Housing Redevelopment Board.

 RODERICK C. LANKLER A former special state prosecutor and deputy attorney
general, Mr. Lankler was executive director of the Governor's Executive Advisory
Comission on the Administration of Justice. He worked in the Manhattan District
Attorney's office as chief of the criminal court bureau and the trial division.

HAROLD TYLER He was an assistant attorney general of the United States incharge
of the civil rights division. He was also a Federal prosecutor and a Federal
district judge, and was commissioner of the New York Waterfron Commission.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Michael Dowd, right, a former New York police officer,
testifying on corruption in the force. Next to him is his lawyer, Marvin Hirsch.
(pg. A1); Milton Mollen conducting a hearing yesterday. Mr. Mollen is chairman
of a five-member commission apointed in July 1992 by Mayor David N. Dinkins
after the arrest of Michael Dowd, a former officer, on charges of drug
trafficking, and disclosures from other outside authorities on police
corruption. (pg. B3) (Jack Manning/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 11, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Enemy Within: Drug Money Is Corrupting the Enforcers

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 2466 words

DATELINE: CORDELE, Ga.


Law enforcement specialists say corruption within the American criminal justice
system is more widespread now than at any time since Prohibition because of the
explosion in the power and profits of the multibillion-dollar illicit drug
industry.

The corruption has touched a range of law enforcement officials -from agents of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Customs Service to the self-proclaimed
''good ol' boy'' sheriffs here in rural Georgia, from the notorious 77th
Precinct in Brooklyn to the border crossings of the Rio Grande Valley.

The rising corruption is perhaps most startling in areas far from the big
cities, places like this town 120 miles south of Atlanta. While insisting that
most sheriffs are honest, the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, the state's chief
law-enforcement agency, says sheriffs in nearly a dozen of the state's 159
counties have been implicated in drug smuggling cases in recent years.

Enforcement experts say that in cases throughout Georgia, county sheriffs and
their deputies have been paid thousands of dollars a night to overlook air drops
from the hundreds of small planes that bring illegal drugs here.

Researchers say that in some American communities, corruption among
law-enforcement officials - policemen, sheriffs, jailers, even prosecutors and
judges - is out of control. Police specialists say there is a simple formula:
the more drugs on the street, the more bribery in the precinct house or the
courtroom.

''We're at the tip of a corruption iceberg,'' said Jerome H. Skolnick, a law
professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who has studied the
corruption threat.

Hubert Williams, president of the Washington-based Police Foundation, a police
research and advocacy group, said the amount of drug corruption is ''frightening
- the power of the drug cartels to corrupt and influence law enforcement
officials and political figures is clear.''

While there are no exact figures, researchers say there are now more than 100
cases each year in state and Federal courts in which law enforcement officials
are charged or implicated in drug corruption. Law enforcement officials note
that the amount of cocaine coming into the country has soared from 1,872
kilograms in fiscal year 1981 to 35,970 kilograms in fiscal 1987, and that
almost half of all cocaine confiscated on its way into the country enters in
small planes like those that fly into Georgia nearly every night.

They say the only comparable period in this century was Prohibition, when
several big-city police departments came under scrutiny for corruption involving
gambling and the sale of illegal liquor.

The experts say the ways to stop drug corruption are not exotic: Stricter
supervision of narcotics investigations; better recruitment and hiring
procedures, and efforts to combat the cynicism of drug agents who believe that
their work is undermined by an inefficient and overburdened criminal justice
system.

But some specialists warn that even with a broadened commitment to anti-
corruption measures, the problem may be insurmountable.

''The money that's being offered by the drug dealers is so big it is just hard
to visualize,'' said William Green, assistant commissioner for internal affairs
at the United States Customs Service.

Cops Gone Bad: Trust Is a Victim

In some cases, the damage, as well as the potential damage, to law enforcement
efforts is remarkable.

In Miami, where the city's police department is the focus of a big Federal
narcotics-corruption investigation, there were reports that some law-abiding
residents were hesitant to open their doors to police officers who do not
produce a warrant.

Dozens of officers in Miami's 1,000-member Police Department have come under
investigation for narcotics trafficking. The most important Federal inquiry in
Miami dates back to July 1985, when, according to prosecutors, 16 officers
raided the a smugglers' boat on the Miami River and stole 900 pounds of cocaine;
three men guarding the boat jumped into the river and drowned, the authorities
said. The officers were charged with a variety of crimes.

In New York City's most far-reaching police corruption scandal in nearly two
decades, 13 current and former officers of the 77th Precinct in the crime-ridden
Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn have been charged or convicted of
wrongdoing, much of it related to drugs.

In one of the New York trials, prosecutors played a tape for jurors in which two
plainclothes officers assigned to the 77th could be heard barging into the
apartment of a suspected drug dealer, taking marijuana and selling packets of
the drug to unsuspecting customers who arrived at the door. The officers kept
the money. One of the them could be heard to boast, ''All in all, a very
profitable evening.''

In the District of Columbia, local prosecutors announced last fall that they
would dismiss 300 to 400 drug cases because of fears that the investigations
were tainted. The announcement came shortly after disclosure that the F.B.I. was
investigating corruption in a 12-officer vice squad in the District's police
department. The Rural Route:

Buying the Sheriffs

Nor is drug corruption limited to the big cities. To an extent that law
enforcement specialists describe as startling, bribery and other forms of
drug-related corruption have begun to infect law enforcement agencies in small
towns and rural communities.

Law enforcement officials say that on clear nights, residents of southern
Georgia can lie in bed and listen to the hum of small planes, stuffed with
cocaine and marijuana, flying in from the Bahamas, Mexico and Central America.

The planes began coming in large numbers in 1981 and 1982, when Federal
authorities began a crackdown on drug shipments in Florida. Narcotics
traffickers directed the planes instead to Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi,
Texas and especially southern Georgia, which became popular for air drops
because of its flat terrain and the hundreds of small, isolated airfields that
dot the state.

''A lot of our problems are based on our location,'' said J. Robert Hamrick,
director of the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, the state's chief
law-enforcement agency. ''It's a perfect location, near the source countries.
They can usually fly to Georgia without having to refuel, and it takes but 30
seconds to unload a plane,'' putting the cargo into cars bound for drug brokers
in Florida.

One small airfield in rural Morgan County, Ga., became so popular among drug
dealers that it was nicknamed Kennedy International by the state police. A
number of smugglers do not even bother with an airstrip, choosing instead to
land their planes on stretches of abandoned highway -sometimes, officials say,
after sheriffs and deputies have been paid large sums of money to look the other
way.

''They can get a fee of $50,000, maybe $100,000, for just sitting there and
doing nothing,'' said Ron Caffrey, special agent in charge of the Atlanta office
of the Drug Enforcement Administration. ''And believe me, most Georgia sheriffs
don't make $50,000 in a year.''

In the most recent corruption case, Sheriff Ernest Wyatt Forrest of Crisp
County, Ga., was arrested last December on drug smuggling charges following an
elaborate sting operation, what Crisp County Administrator W. D. Coff dubbed
''Miami Vice comes to town.''

According to Federal prosecutors, the 57-year-old sheriff was led to believe he
would be paid $60,000 for allowing a planeload of marijuana to be transported
through the county.

Shortly after the plane landed on Dec. 16, Sheriff Forrest was taken into
custody and charged with conspiracy to transport half a ton of marijuana. The
plane, authorities said, was actually filled with peat moss.

Cordele, the the Crisp County seat, is a town of 13,000 people that calls itself
''The Watermelon Capital of the World.'' Its churches outnumber its liquor
stores five to one. But The Cordele Dispatch portrayed a darker side to the town
when it said in an editorial in February that the Forrest case was a
''bottomless pit,'' adding, ''We have a nagging feeling that there are still
those involved in law enforcement and yet unnamed who are connected to the drug
scene.''

Law enforcement officials in Georgia say they are concerned that drug corruption
may soon spread. Gary M. Garner, who oversees drug investigations for the
Georgia Bureau of Investigation, said that he would next look for new drug
corruption problems ''in the statehouse or in the Legislature.''

He said he could foresee efforts by drug smugglers to bribe lawmakers,
encouraging them to slash the budget of law-enforcement agencies involved in
narcotics cases. ''When we sit down and drink a few beers, we think about what
could happen,'' Mr. Garner said. ''We worry about it.''

The Federal Case: Money and Honor

There is also growing concern about drug corruption at the Justice Department
and elsewhere among the men and women involved in Federal law enforcement.

In 1986, a former member of the Justice Department's Organized Crime Strike
Force in Boston was found guilty of conspiracy charges involving the sale of
confidential information to a marijuana smuggler. According to prosecutors, he
sold secrets, including the identities of government informants, in exchange for
$210,000.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation was stunned three years ago when an 11-year
veteran agent, Dan A. Mitrione Jr., confessed to selling cocaine and agreed to
turn over money, real estate and other property worth nearly $850,000.
Prosecutors say he also stole more than 90 pounds of cocaine from a shipment
seized by the F.B.I.

Federal agents said they seized nearly $650,000 in cash last year from a
part-time customs inspector, Jose Angel Barron, who worked at a border
checkpoint in San Ysidro, Calif. Mr. Barron is now awaiting trial on charges of
bribery. According to prosecutors, he was paid nearly $50,000 for each
marijuana-packed automobile that he allowed to cross into the United States from
Mexico without inspection.

Perhaps no Federal agency has been so stung by drug corruption as the Customs
Service. In the last three years dozens of its employees have been prosecuted or
disciplined on corruption charges - yet the Customs Service has won wide praise
for an anti-corruption program that has become a model within the Federal
Government.

In 1986, the service, recognizing that inspectors at the nation's borders would
be obvious targets for drug corruption, launched Operation Clean Sweep, the
largest anti-corruption program in the agency's history.

As part of the operation, 35 customs agents from throughout the country were
assigned to work with 15 internal affairs specialists to ferret out corruption,
using undercover investigations if needed.

By the end of the investigation, 20 customs workers, most of them inspectors,
had been charged with crimes; another 60 workers were subjected to disciplinary
action that ranged from reprimands to dismissal. (The entire Customs work force
numbers more than 16,000; nearly 5,000 of them are inspectors.) ''It was
painful,'' said Mr. Green, the internal affairs official at Customs. ''We had
thought of ourselves relatively corruption free; before this we had maybe one
internal corruption case a year.''

Mr. Green said he was convinced that Operation Clean Sweep had deterred
corruption elsewhere in the agency. ''It hasn't stopped, but we have seen a
lessening of this sort of activity.' he said.

Internal Affairs: Policing the Police

Authorities in the field say law enforcement agencies that are serious about
countering drug corruption must use the same sorts of procedures found at the
Customs Service - aggressive investigations, vigorous prosecution and, when
necessary, long prison terms.

''Law enforcement officials have to be reminded again and again that corruption
is going to happen and that it's going to be investigated,'' said Dorothy H.
Bracey, a professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York and
the editor of Police Studies, a research journal. ''Cops have to know that if
they're corrupt, they're going to be caught, and their careers are going to be
over.''

Lawrence W. Sherman, a criminologist at the University of Maryland, said the
commitment to rigid anti-corruption measures can be expensive. His studies show
that law enforcement agencies must commit as much as 5 percent of their budgets
to internal affairs investigations to be effective.

Several authorities point to the success of the internal affairs division of the
Los Angeles Police Department. Even though Los Angeles is a drug transit point,
the police force has gone largely without major drug corruption scandals.

Cmdr. William D. Booth, a department spokesman, said internal affairs officers
in Los Angeles are taught to ''react immediately to the slightest hint of
corruption. If there is an anonymous call from someone advising us that a member
of the department is somehow being compromised, we will devote a lot of hours to
following it up.''

Three years ago the department created a special 18-member unit within the
internal affairs division to deal only with drug corruption investigations.

But experts say that what is most important in controlling drug corruption is
the need to address the extraordinary cynicism and frustration of drug agents.

Agents must be constantly reminded, they say, that their often-overlooked work
is of value.

Gerald Caiden, a professor of public administration at the University of
Southern California who has studied police corruption, said too many drug agents
''don't believe that anybody cares.''

''They don't believe that society supports them in stopping drugs,'' he said.
''They don't believe that by sticking their necks out, they'll get any help. And
when they give up, that's when you get corruption. Somebody, something has to
change that.''

In many communities, the police and prosecutors are overwhelmed by important
drug cases, and prisons are so crowded that drug dealers often spend little time
behind bars.

Jerald R. Vaughn, executive director of the International Association of Chiefs
of Police, is one of many authorities who believe that government officials must
make a new commitment to provide law enforcement agents with the proper
resources, including new prisons, to deal with the growing threat of drugs.

He added: ''Narcotics work by its every nature is probably the toughest
assignment in law enforcement. You have officers who devote months of their
time, placing their lives in danger, to carry out very extensive investigations
of drug dealers, only to have these people walk out of jail all the time.

''Cynicism comes into play and they start think to themselves, to hell with
it,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: The Traffic in Drugs; America's Global War - Second of three articles.

GRAPHIC: Photo of a Federal marshal escorting Osvaldo Coello and Mario Carballo
from the U.S. courthouse in Miami (pg. A12) (AP); graphs showing enforcement
efforts against marijuana, hashish and cocaine; and how drugs are smuggled into
U.S. (pg. A12) (sources: Drug Enforcement Administration and U.S. Gov. agencies)

TYPE: Series

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Supreme Court to define limits on political corruption;
Former Virginia governor could go to prison for 2 years

BYLINE: Richard Wolf, @richardjwolf, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 510 words


A shorthanded Supreme Court already wading through a political thicket of
abortion, contraception, immigration and affirmative action completes the term's
oral arguments Wednesday by trying to define political corruption.

The stakes are high not just for former Virginia governor Robert McDonnell, a
rising star-turned-fallen angel in Republican circles, who faces two years in
prison unless a majority of justices reverse lower court rulings against him.

Politicians and prosecutors who tangle over bribery, extortion and corruption
statutes will watch closely for the justices' latest views on what constitutes
business as usual in the corridors of power -- and what's a felony.

McDonnell, 61, who served as governor from 2010-14, was convicted in 2014, along
with his wife, Maureen, for accepting more than $175,000 in gifts and loans from
a wealthy vitamin executive in exchange for government favors.

He was sentenced in 2015 to two years in prison; she received a year-and-a-day
sentence. The convictions were upheld by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th
Circuit last summer.

McDonnell contends he did nothing unusual to help Jonnie Williams, a friend of
his wife's, nor asked anyone else to do so in exchange for the businessman's
gifts, which were legal in Virginia. Phone calls and referrals to government
agencies, he and his supporters say, were routine actions.

"Officials routinely arrange meetings for donors, take their calls, politely
listen to their ideas and refer them to aides," his lawyers argue in legal
papers. "In criminalizing those everyday acts, the government has put every
federal, state, and local official nationwide in its prosecutorial crosshairs."

The Justice Department sees things differently. Williams sought state university
studies to bolster his case for federal approval of Anatabloc, a dietary
supplement made by his company, Star Scientific. He didn't get everything he
wanted, but he gained significant access to the state's first couple, even
winning a product launch at the Governor's Mansion.

The federal bribery statute, the government argues to the court, involves "any
action on a matter within the scope of a public employee's official duties,
including the exercise of influence on decisions made by others."

McDonnell's legal team and supporters say Supreme Court rulings in Citizens
United v. Federal Election Commission and other cases protect the free speech
rights of political donors seeking their way around the halls of government.

"Citizens United suggests that, though corrupt quid pro quo exchanges can be and
are criminalized, ingratiation and access are not," says a brief submitted by
prominent Harvard and University of Virginia law professors.

Beyond McDonell, the case may have repercussions for past and current
prosecutions. Former governors such as Alabama's Don Siegelman and Illinois' Rod
Blagojevich and George Ryan were convicted under bribery and "honest services"
statutes. In New York, former legislative leaders Sheldon Silver and Dean Skelos
are appealing their federal bribery convictions.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Steve Helber, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              June 17, 2011 Friday

Anti-corruption body admits high corruption rate in Afghanistan

LENGTH: 454 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 16 June

[Presenter] A number of US senators in a letter to Barack Obama have called for
a change into the US strategy in Afghanistan. The senators back the withdrawal
of a number of US forces from Afghanistan. In their letter to Obama, they
believe that damages of the continued Afghan war are more than its benefits. The
senators say it is time for the USA to change its policy in Afghanistan. Shahla
Mortazai has more details:

[Correspondent] US senators, both Democrats and Republicans, in a letter to
Obama, say that the USA has made some achievements in the legitimate war that
had started to destroy Al-Qa'idah hideouts in Afghanistan. Likewise, the
senators, in the letter, are against those who do not want a reduction in the
number of US forces in Afghanistan and are in favour of the US strategy against
insurgents in Afghanistan. They say the USA cannot ensure security in all cities
and rural areas of Afghanistan or to change the country from zero into a
democratic country like the West. In their letter, the US senators say the
government of Afghanistan is infected with administrative corruption and
governors and tribal elders are elected based on nepotism and bribery. Thus,
that has caused the people not to trust much the government.

In the meantime, the High Office of Oversight for the High Office of Oversight
and Anti-corruption [HOOAC] confirmed the remarks.

[Azizollah Ludin, head of the HOOAC, captioned] Whatever they said they are
right. There is no doubt. We and they share in the administrative corruption and
in the continued corruption in the country. It is right that they have lent us
millions of dollars. If you look at most of contracts, you will see that there
is much corruption in international contracts that is uncountable. It is very
clear that governors are mostly appointed by their supporters. You know that
some governors were not ready to obey the government. First, they did not
recognize the government. I believe that they [the US senators] are right, but
very late.

[Correspondent] The senators believe that the empowerment of [military] and
civilian institutions is good in Afghanistan. However, they say the aim is not
justifiable for casualties of the US forces in Afghanistan and expense of
billions of dollars by US taxpayers in Afghanistan. The US senators say in their
letter to President Obama that the USA should train Afghan security forces and
continue its humanitarian and diplomatic assistance to the country.

[Video shows the head of the counter corruption body speaking to camera, archive
footage of a number of foreign forces patrolling in some areas of Afghanistan.]

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 16 Jun 11

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  July 8, 1994

NEW YORK POLICE CORRUPTION 'ORGANISED AND ALARMING'

BYLINE: Mark Tran In New York

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FOREIGN PAGE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 610 words


AN UGLY portrait of New York's finest emerged yesterday when an investigation of
police corruption accused rogue police of behaving like street gangs, stealing
and dealing drugs, and leaving the internal investigation system in shambles.

One officer from 46th precinct in the Bronx told investigators that he and
members of his "crew" routinely burgled drug locations and beat up local
residents as well as suspected criminals. In the 9th precinct, groups of
officers would meet in a local shop to drink, use cocaine and avoid their
duties.

In a report on the New York police department, the Mollen Commission, chaired by
a former judge, Milton Mollen, found that corruption took on a highly organised
form at the most corrupt precincts, usually in poorer neighbourhoods. The
delinquent officers would organise themselves into crews of 12 or more and use
police department resources to achieve their goals.

"They use the police radio network and code names to mount and co-ordinate
operations. They often use department equipment to force entry. They manipulate
fellow officers, their supervisors and the courts to their advantage," the
five-member commission said in its report, the result of a two-year
investigation. It is the most explosive expose of New York police corruption
since the 1970s, when Officer Frank Serpico went public with his allegations of
widespread kickbacks.

The commission's report said that most of New York's 31,000 policemen are
honest, but that corruption has reached an alarming level. In the 73rd precinct,
for example, a group of eight to 10 officers routinely conducted unlawful raids
on drug locations, while on the beat, from 1988 to 1992. Sometimes most of the
squad would attend clandestine meetings in locations - like one known as "the
morgue," an abandoned coffin factory - to plan future raids.

The 75th precinct had its meeting place - an isolated inlet known as "the pool"
- where the now infamous Michael Dowd and his crew would gather while on duty to
plot future criminal activities.

It was the arrest of Officer Dowd in 1992 that led the former mayor David
Dinkins to ask former Judge Mollen to begin a corruption inquiry into the NYPD.

Officer Dowd, now facing sentencing on drug charges, snorted cocaine on the
dashboard of his patrol car and made pounds 5,161 a week selling drugs and
protection.

The Mollen Commission also comes down hard on the NYPD's internal policing
mechanisms and the department of internal affairs.

"Oversight of internal affairs was virtually non-existent, intelligence
-gathering efforts were negligible, corruption investigations were often
deliberately limited and prematurely closed. In short, genuine commitment to
fighting corruption had virtually disappeared and internal affairs had abandoned
its mission to remove serious corruption from the department," the commission
said.

Even worse, the department was suspected by officers of sabotaging
investigations by leaking the identity of whistle-blowers so that they became
the main focus of the inquiry.

To end the 20-year cycle of corruption that plagues the NYPD, the Mollen
Commission recommends the creation of a permanent external police panel to
assess the department's anti-corruption efforts and conduct its own
investigations.

Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and his police commissioner, William Bratton, have,
however, shown little enthusiasm for such a watchdog.

Judge Mollen, aged 74, who has seen it all before, warns that such half measures
will not be enough. "If the monitor doesn't have independence and subpoena
power, it will be a toothless tiger," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited

                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            December 21, 2008 Sunday
                                  1ST Edition

In corruption, Illinois is hardly alone;
With governor scandal, others;
asking which states are worst

BYLINE: Rick Montgomery; McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 704 words


Kansas City, Mo. | Not so fast, Illinois. Lots of states can claim the title of
America's Most Corrupt.

At or near the top of some lists is Louisiana, certainly no slouch in the derby
of the dirtiest. But any state's fitness for the throne of political turpitude
depends on the criteria used to define "corrupt."

There are several methods of quantifying corruption. Each of them tries to home
in on those states that supposedly outslime others.

By USA Today's tabulations, factoring in convictions with the populations of all
50 states, the crown goes to that Sodom of the Snow Belt - North Dakota?

Experts scoff at the newspaper's mathematical assessment that Illinois musters
no better than 18th on the dishonor roll, sex scandals not included. A state's
population can skew everything.

Rod Blagojevich started this argument.

The Illinois governor was accused of offering an open U.S. Senate seat to the
top bidder, making him eligible to be the fourth of the last eight Illinois
governors to have trouble with the law. And an FBI supervisor in Chicago said,
"If it isn't the most corrupt state in the United States, it's one hell of a
competitor."

Turns out the competition is intense - except, perhaps, within the triumvirate
of vanilla do-rights known as Kansas, Nebraska and Iowa. These neighboring
states consistently rank among the least corrupt by almost any standard,
including opinion polls.

Web sites now sponsoring online surveys on the topic confirm what experts have
sensed all along: that citizens tend to argue that their own state officials are
the worst.

"It's notoriously difficult to measure political corruption," said Christopher
Z. Mooney, a professor of political studies at (ahem) the University of Illinois
at Springfield. "It's a very rare behavior. ... You can neither ask people about
it nor observe it."

If you total up the raw numbers for federal convictions of public officials
since 1998, as The New York Times did last week using U.S. Justice Department
data, Florida wins by a crooked mile.

But Florida's population is 18 million and booming. High-population states with
lots of public employees have a natural edge in the ignominy index over smaller
states with fewer public officials, said Russell Mokhiber, editor of Corporate
Crime Reporter.

In 2004, "when we were the first to slice it and dice it," Mokhiber published
federal corruption convictions over a six-year period per capita, dividing
political skullduggery by population.

He quickly learned a lesson when North Dakota topped his charts, too. Mokhiber
ever since has left the 15 most thinly populated states out of the running,
because a relatively modest sweep of arrests can drive them way up the
corruption charts.

North Dakotans had not seen a statewide official thrown behind bars in decades,
as they noted again following the USA Today report.

Corrupting the Justice Department's database, however, was a statistical
anomaly: Prosecutors in a single year, 2003, wrapped up a rash of embezzling
cases mostly involving Native Americans on North Dakota reservations.

Sixteen federal convictions that year were about four times the state's annual
average, enough to carry with it the "most corrupt per capita" distinction
still.

Are conviction rates a fair measure in the first place?

"Convictions only point to the aggressiveness of a prosecutor," said Don
Morrison of the watchdog group North Dakota Center for the Public Good. "In
places that are truly corrupt, offenses don't get taken to court. They don't
even get reported."

"Getting a read on that culture, that to me is the strongest of the prongs,"
said Jay Stewart of the Better Government Association, based in (ahem) Chicago.

Rhode Island is one spunky contender for corruption gold.

Last year, state Sen. John Celona went to jail for accepting more than $300,000
in bribes from drugstores, insurers and a health center that wanted Medicare
reimbursements beefed up.

Like Illinois, Louisiana still has a governor in prison - and a U.S. House
member probably headed that way. Alabama's governor got out, but the mayor of
Birmingham, just arrested on bribery charges, may be headed in. New Jersey is,
well, New Jersey, where some think the state motto should be: "You wearing a
wire?"

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            October 21, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EXPANDED FBI STAFF TARGETING CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By TONY DORIS Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 516 words


The FBI official overseeing the bureau's corruption probes in Palm Beach County
says his newly buttressed staff is keeping busy with "good, corroborated
allegations," many centered on land deals.

"Everyone is actively engaged," said Timothy Delaney, assistant special agent in
charge of white-collar crime from Key West to Vero Beach.

The FBI this year shifted six agents and one supervisory position from Miami to
West Palm Beach, most of them to investigate public corruption, the office's top
priority, he said. That gives the office 16 agents focused on white-collar
crime, including corruption, cyber crime and health-care fraud, he said.

Whereas white-collar crime investigators typically follow the money, the shift
in manpower stems from an effort to follow land deals, he said. Unlike
Miami-Dade and Broward counties, Palm Beach still has a lot of farmland and
other open tracts, and much of the area's corruption is tied to
development-related transactions, Delaney said.

Since 2006, federal prosecutors have won guilty pleas from two county
commissioners, two West Palm Beach city commissioners and a power broker
attorney, mostly for acts related to real estate. That prompted the increase in
investigative staff.

The current real estate slowdown has had no effect on the level of corruption
investigations, Delaney said.

"If you see a thread and pull it out," more and more may emerge, Delaney said.
"We're in that mode."

The additional staff also allows the bureau to do more public speaking and other
community outreach, which in turn encourages people to come forward and report
corruption that they otherwise might just see as a normal and intractable part
of doing business, Delaney added.

"Having more agents allows us to get more access to communities."

Tips also come in from people arrested for crimes unrelated to corruption --
drug charges, for instance -- in hopes their help will result in lighter
sentences, he said.

In pursuing public corruption, the bureau does not limit itself to investigating
public officials, but also probes others involved in the crimes, he said.

With most classes of crime, such as mortgage or credit card fraud, the FBI can
decline to investigate a case. But federal authorities in South Florida place
such a high priority on public corruption that the bureau is required to
investigate "every instance," unless the U.S. Attorney's Office determines
otherwise, Delaney said.

He encouraged anyone with evidence of public corruption to report it. "We take
corruption investigations very seriously," Delaney said.

Delaney's comments echo those U.S. Attorney R. Alexander Acosta made at recent
speaking engagements. With the convictions of former County Commissioners Tony
Masilotti and Warren Newell and former West Palm Beach City Commissioners Ray
Liberti and Jim Exline under his belt, Acosta vowed earlier this month to press
on with public corruption prosecutions.

"We are continuing to pursue and prosecute these types of cases," Acosta told
hundreds of lawyers at the annual Palm Beach County Bar Association's bench-bar
conference.

~ tony_doris@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 Timothy Delaney: FBI special agent hopes to uncover more corruption. (mug)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday

Indian people power movement finds inspiration in California march

BYLINE: By Matt O'Brien Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 890 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A movement to curtail political corruption in India is finding
inspiration in California, where six men on Saturday completed a 240-mile
protest march across the state.

The anti-corruption protesters strolled through the Bay Area suburbs this week
amid heavy downpours and cold weather. They attracted local curiosity but are
making bigger waves abroad.

"I firmly believe that all these things, which seem so small in their initial
stage, can become a big movement," said 70-year-old marcher Kewal Parnami, of
Tucson, Ariz. "If they can keep the fire ablaze, something will come of it."

Parnami was following in the symbolic footsteps of Mahatma Gandhi, whose 1930
Dandi March against a colonial salt tax was a turning point in the movement for
India's independence. The California journey, called Dandi March II, was for a
different cause: ending the systemic corruption that has stunted India's
otherwise remarkable economic growth.

"There is so much corruption going on," Parnami said. "It's like cancer, eating
the vitals of the economy."

The retiree moved to the United States from India in 1979, and remained mostly
apolitical until just over two weeks ago, when he heard about the planned march
from San Diego to San Francisco and packed his bags.

"Mahatma Gandhi is my idol," Parnami said. "I just wanted to become like him, a
guy who has such a great discipline, such a deep faith."

The march, and the hundreds of Indian-Americans who have come to watch and cheer
it, reflects a growing frustration with the status quo of Indian politics. It
also reflects a growing awareness that the hundreds of thousands of Indians
abroad can have a role in doing something about it.

"The diaspora is more conscious because they've seen something different,
they've lived something different," said Ujjal Dosanjh, a member of Canada's
Parliament and the former premier of British Columbia. "They have something to
contribute. They have perspective. They can say how things should be."

Dosanjh was scheduled to greet the marchers when they reached San Francisco on
Saturday, but the Vancouver politician dropped out after Canada's ruling
government was toppled by a parliamentary vote Friday.

Like many immigrants who were born in India, Dosanjh said he is deeply attached
to his native land and wants to see it prosper. But it is going to take
tremendous change from the Indian people and their leadership, he said.

"When more than half your economy is underground and not accounted for, when
everything from buying railway tickets to seats in college to government jobs
and grants -- when everything you have to do involves bribery and corruption --
it can't be a nice place to live," Dosanjh said. "I believe you can make all the
laws, you can create institutions but ultimately you actually need to change the
human beings. You need to change the values."

Though corruption is a longtime problem in India, a flurry of high-profile
scandals has infuriated the Indian public in the past year. Last week, U.S.
diplomatic cables leaked by the WikiLeaks group revealed another involving an
alleged cash-for-votes scheme.

"The corruption, both in India and across the world, has risen to such an extent
that it's started affecting the common man's life," said Cupertino resident
Sreekanth Godey, a march organizer and Microsoft engineer. "This is a walk to
let the government know enough is enough."

The marchers are pushing for legislation that would bring more transparency to
government and protect whistle-blowers. Their march has already inspired dozens
of other protests planned this weekend in 75 cities worldwide, the organizers
said.

Unlike Gandhi's legendary 240-mile march from the city of Ahmedabad to the
seaside town of Dandi, the California route was not contiguous. The crowd was
also a lot smaller: six full-time walkers as opposed to the tens of thousands
who joined in Gandhi's civil disobedience.

Dandi II began March 12 in San Diego, where the marchers met two days of polite
resistance from a counter-protesting group called Organization for Minorities of
India. The counter-protesters believe Gandhi, who came from an upper-caste
heritage, did little to improve the lot of those at the lowest rung of India's
caste system.

After reaching Los Angeles County, the Gandhi-inspired marchers skipped the
400-mile stretch between Southern California and the Bay Area, renting a van to
get from Artesia to Berkeley.

Then, they walked south through the East Bay, stopping at the Indian Community
Center in Milpitas, where they delivered a message to a prominent visitor: Meera
Shankar, India's ambassador to the United States, who was there to give a talk.

"She said, 'We're going to look at it.' That's the standard government answer,"
said march supporter Kal Raman, of Foster City. "At least she was civil. She was
noble about it."

The marchers continued north through the Peninsula, singing a Hindi phrase --
hum honge kamyab, which means, "We will succeed" -- as they were drenched by a
rainstorm.

"Blisters are there, but the body got used to it," said Orange County marcher
Srihari Atluri, 33, speaking after he reached downtown Burlingame. "It bothered
us more in the first five days, but now it doesn't bother us anymore."

The march ended with a rally Saturday afternoon at the Gandhi statue outside San
Francisco's Ferry Building.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Afghan MPs blame government, foreigners for corruption

LENGTH: 260 words


The US government has released some documents showing that it has failed in
Afghanistan due to rampant corruption in the country, independent Tolo TV
reported on 19 October. The documents suggest that American generals have made
mistakes in working with corrupt officials under Hamed Karzai's government.

However, the Afghan national unity government has said that it works in close
coordination with American officials to uproot corruption in the country.

Jamshid Rasuli, spokesman for Afghan Attorney-General's Office, said:

"We are decisive and committed [to fighting corruption] and will not allow
anybody to disrupt or interfere in our work."

The documents also show that Hamed Karzai appointed a man as the head of his
anti-corruption office who was accused of drug smuggling in the USA.

Zahir Sadat MP from Panjsher Province said:

"The Afghan side has not done enough in the fight against corruption."

Observers have also said that the international community spread corruption and
refrained from cooperating with Afghanistan to end this menace.

MP from Paktia, Gol Pacha Majidi, said:

"The international community was involved not only in corruption, but it was
also in not cooperating with the Afghan government to combat corruption. We have
seen that the Afghan Attorney-General's Office and other judicial bodies have
found some people guilty of corruption, but now these people are living in the
USA."

Leaders of the national unity government have repeatedly said that ending
corruption is their top priority.

Source: Tolo News, Kabul, in Dari 1330gmt 19 Oct 16

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              July 2, 2007 Monday

Access CEO on leave, $2 million in losses expected

BYLINE: By David Crowder / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 831 words


Read related stories on FBI public corruption probe

The parent company of Access HealthSource Inc., the leading administrator of
public health benefit plans in El Paso, has placed the company's president and
CEO, Frank Apodaca, on paid leave because of the FBI's ongoing public corruption
investigation.

Access Plans USA last week filed a Form 8-K report with the Securities and
Exchange Commission to inform its shareholders and potential share buyers that
Apodaca has been placed on "paid leave pending the results of the investigation,
allowing him time to address the issues he faces personally."

Access Plans USA also says in the report that it stands to lose millions of
dollars in contracts in the El Paso area.

According to the SEC, publicly traded companies must file a Form 8-K report to
announce major events that shareholders should know about.

Court documents filed during the past two months by the U.S. attorney's office
have named dozens of officials, private individuals and companies in connection
with a sprawling federal investigation into public corruption in El Paso County.

"Although no indictments have occurred and no definitive allegations have been
made or presented to us or Mr. Apodaca," Access Plans USA states in its report,
"we believe that the investigation involves allegations of official corruption
relating to contract procurement by Access HealthSource and other companies from
these local governmental entities.

"We are conducting our own independent investigation into these matters and are
fully cooperating with the officials conducting the investigation."

In the report filed June 25, Access Plans USA also disclosed that Access
HealthSource could lose $2 million in revenues because its contracts with the El
Paso and Canutillo school districts will not be renewed or extended past their
expiration this year and business with the Ysleta school district contract and
the city of El Paso may be lost as well.

"We estimate that the range of the impairment of the value of goodwill
associated with Access HealthSource will be $3.3 million to the full current
value of $4.1 million," the report states. "We believe that the impairment will
not result in any future cash expenditures and that Access HealthSource will
remain an important part of our company that will continue to provide valuable
services for its clients."

As the leading administrator of local governments' self-funded health plans in
El Paso County, Access HealthSource handled nearly 700,000 claims totaling about
$400 million last year, but "the client group was responsible for paying less
than $120 million after Access' negotiated rates and cost containment strategies
were applied," according to the report.

Although the company's report does not go into the FBI's investigation in depth,
more than 65 federal agents spent two days in May 2006 searching El Paso's
National Center for Employment of the Disabled (now ReadyOne Industries), which
owned Access HealthSource until 2004.

Then in September, the FBI searched and removed documents and other materials
from the Access HealthSource offices, Apodaca's office and home, and several
other companies with ties to ReadyOne.

The FBI's interest in school officials became apparent in May when agents
swarmed into the El Paso County Courthouse to search the offices of County Judge
Anthony Cobos and Commissioners Miguel Tercn and Luis Saricana for information
about 22 individuals and companies, including El Paso school Trustee Sal Mena.

Later in May, the FBI seized Apodaca's financial assets and went to his home to
seize his two cars, a Mercedes and Cadillac, and a motorcycle.

In June, the U.S. attorney's office leveled the first allegations at Access and
its contracts with school districts in a motion to prevent defense lawyer Mary
Stillinger from representing three designated targets in the investigation that
included El Paso school district trustee Charles Roark and Ysleta Independent
School District trustee Mickey Duntley.

So far, the only person to be charged in the investigation is John Travis
Ketner, the former chief of staff for Cobos, who took office in January

Waiving indictment, Ketner pleaded guilty in early June to four counts of
conspiracy to commit bribery, wire fraud and mail fraud and the document
containing those charges named 17 individuals and two companies whom Ketner
implicated.

They included Cobos, Tercn, Saricana, District Clerk Gilbert Sanchez and former
county Commissioner Betti Flores. Others named included three prominent El Paso
lawyers -- David Escobar, Martie Jobe and Luther Jones. All have denied any
wrongdoing.

Jobe has filed a defamation lawsuit against Ketner over his reported allegations
against her. Sanchez filed a criminal complaint with the FBI charging that
Ketner committed perjury in making allegations that Sanchez had a hand in
rigging the computerized process for selecting judges to hear civil lawsuits.

David Crowder may be reached at dcrowder@elpasotimes.com; 546-6194.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 31, 2014 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

DEMOCRATIC ROGUE'S GALLERY: THERE'S A WHOLE LOTTA CORRUPTION GOIN' ON

SECTION: OPINION; Michelle Malkin column; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 725 words


Has Nancy Pelosi seen a newspaper lately? (Pro tip, hon: Like the Obamacare
monstrosity, you have to read it to find out what's in it.) I'd love to see her
face in the wake of the veritable epidemic of Democratic corruption now sweeping
the country.

I'm going to make it easy on Pelosi and put all of the latest cases in one handy
rogue's gallery reference list.

* The Dirty Democratic Mayors' Club: Charlotte, N.C., Mayor Patrick Cannon, who
bragged about partying with the Obamas to help grease the wheels for city
projects, was arrested this week on federal corruption and influence-peddling
charges.

The bust follows former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin's conviction in January on
corruption charges; former Trenton Mayor Tony Mack's February bribery
conviction; and former San Diego mayor Bob Filner's disgraceful resignation
after conviction on sexual harassment-related charges; former Detroit Mayor
Kwame Kilpatrick's conviction on extortion, bribery and conspiracy charges; and
former Birmingham, Ala., Mayor Larry Langford's corruption and bribery
conviction.

* California state Democratic Sen. Leland Yee, gun grabber by day, alleged
arms-trafficking gangsta by night: Yee made a decades-long career out of railing
against the Second Amendment. He was arrested this week on corruption charges
after an FBI sting found probable cause to believe Yee had conducted wire fraud
and engaged in a conspiracy to deal firearms without a license and illegally
import firearms.

* Pennsylvania state Democratic Sen. LeAnna Washington, party animal: This week,
a judge ruled that the Keystone State could proceed with a trial against
Washington, who reportedly forced her legislative staff for eight years to use
taxpayer time and money for an annual birthday party whose proceeds were
diverted to her campaign account. She is charged with felony theft of services
and felony conflict of interest.

* Rhode Island state Democratic House Speaker Gordon Fox, multiple-raid target:
The powerful Democrat, beloved by the left for his gay-marriage activism,
announced last weekend that he is stepping down from office after FBI raids on
his home and work office. Fox is the target of several criminal investigations
by the U.S. attorney's office, FBI, IRS and state police. Mum's the word so far
on the nature of the alleged criminal activity involved.

* California state Democratic Sen. Ronald Calderon, all in the corrupted family:
Calderon is on a paid leave of absence after being hit with a 24-count federal
indictment for bribery and corruption. His brother also was charged with
multiple counts of money laundering and influence peddling. Prosecutors allege
the legislator accepted nearly $100,000 in bribes, plane trips, gourmet meals
and golf games in exchange for political favors. He also is accused of paying
his daughter $39,000 for a phony office job and paying $40,000 in "consulting"
fees for a campaign website that didn't exist.

* California state Democratic Sen. Roderick Wright, lying liar: Also on paid
leave, the entrenched Los Angeles-area politician is now fighting his January
conviction on felony perjury, false declaration of candidacy and fraudulent
voting charges. Wright claimed to live in a rented room in an Inglewood home
within his district, but the jury found his true residence was outside the
district in upscale Baldwin Hills.

* New York state Democratic Assemblyman Bill Scarborough, shady jet-setter: The
FBI and state authorities raided his home and offices as part of a probe into
his travel voucher practices. He blamed a "tabloid hit job" by the New York Post
over questionable per diem claims totaling $60,000.

* Illinois state Democratic House Rep. Keith Farnham, child porn probe suspect:
After sponsoring two bills to increase penalties for child porn possession,
Farnham was the subject of state and federal raids last week on his home ... for
possession of child porn. Over the weekend, he resigned his seat citing "serious
health issues."

Remember: Nancy Pelosi famously promised to "drain the moral swamp" and end the
"culture of corruption." She cast herself and her minions as America's political
clean-up crew. But once again, the culture of corruption boomerang has swung
back around to smack Democrats in their smug mugs. The cynical Swamp Drainers
just hope you forget it all by election time. Don't.

Creators Syndicate

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Ryan ordered to prison o Appeals court tells the ex-governor to report next week
o Attorney hopes Supreme Court will keep him free on bond

BYLINE: By Kevin McDermott Post-Dispatch Springfield Bureau

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 687 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, Ill.


Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan must report to a federal prison in six days to
begin serving his sentence for political corruption, a federal appeals court
panel ruled Wednesday in a split decision.

Ryan's "day of reckoning," as the ruling called it, will be Wednesday, Nov. 7,
unless he gets an unlikely last-minute reprieve from the U.S. Supreme Court.

The 73-year-old Republican is slated to report to the federal prison camp at
Duluth, Minn., that day to begin his 6 1/2 year sentence. His attorneys are
still hoping the U.S. Supreme Court will extend his bond pending appeal - but
they also are continuing to seek reassignment for him to a Wisconsin prison
closer to his Kankakee, Ill., home.

Ryan and co-defendant Larry Warner, a lobbyist, were convicted last year on
numerous corruption charges stemming from Ryan's long tenure in Illinois
government. They both have remained free on bond while appealing on grounds that
their trial was unfair.

Wednesday's ruling by a three-member panel of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals denied their motion to remain free pending a final U.S. Supreme Court
appeal, saying there was little chance the high court would overturn the
conviction.

"The voluminous record here demonstrates that the appellants were guilty of the
crimes with which they were charged," Judge Diane P. Wood wrote for the majority
in the ruling. "Although they would undoubtedly like to postpone the day of
reckoning as long as they can, they have come to the end of the line as far as
this court is concerned."

In a scathing dissent, Judge Michael S. Kanne reiterated concerns that Ryan's
attorneys and others have raised about irregularities in his Chicago trial,
including the replacement of two jurors who had lied to the court about their
own brushes with the law.

"The trial was riddled with errors that ultimately rendered the proceedings
manifestly unfair and unjust," Kanne wrote. He called the trial "broken beyond
repair" and predicted that Ryan has "a reasonable probability" of a U.S. Supreme
Court reversal in the case.

Ryan has been represented by fellow former Illinois Gov. James R. Thompson and
his Chicago law firm, Winston & Strawn. In a phone interview Wednesday, Thompson
said he was disappointed but not surprised by the latest setback, after several
negative rulings from the appellate court in recent months.

"I think they just decided, that's the end," said Thompson.

Thompson said a request for a stay from the U.S. Supreme Court was filed
Wednesday with Justice John Paul Stevens, the Supreme Court justice who oversees
cases from Illinois. "I hope we hear something before the 7th" of November,
Thompson said.

Ryan's demeanor remains positive, said Thompson, who added. "I talked to him
this morning, and he sounded good, strong."

A man who answered the phone at Ryan's home on Wednesday said he wasn't Ryan and
declined to say anything further.

"We have no comment," the man said.

Ryan was convicted of using the office of governor, and his previous post as
Illinois secretary of state, to enrich himself and friends at the taxpayers'
expense. Among the allegations were that he accepted cash, gifts and vacations
from businesspeople in exchange for state contracts.

The Duluth federal prison camp that Ryan is currently scheduled for is a
minimum-security facility that houses mainly nonviolent white-collar criminals.
A recent Associated Press report described a dormitory-like setting without
bars, with the inmates kept in line by the threat of being relocated to grimmer
surroundings if they misbehave.

In what is perhaps of signs of the times, Forbes.com in 2005 included the
northern Minnesota facility among its list of "the 12 best places to go to
prison." If Ryan does go there, the prison camp will have the distinction of
hosting two former Illinois governors. Ex-Gov. Dan Walker did time there on a
bank fraud conviction.

Thompson, Ryan's lawyer, said his legal team is still trying to get permission
from the federal Bureau of Prisons for Ryan to do his time (if he does have to
do it) in a federal facility at Oxford, Wis., so his Illinois relatives can more
easily visit him.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Kicker Digest

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 George Ryan, convicted in political corruption case

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 13, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

New York Police Want an Independent Corruption Monitor

SECTION: Section A;   Page 28;   Column 4;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 231 words


To the Editor:

In the wake of the Mollen commission's findings, how can Mayor Rudolph W.
Giuliani object to the New York City Council's bill to create an independent
agency to monitor police anticorruption efforts, as you report in a news article
of Dec. 12?

Even if Mr. Giuliani and Police Commissioner William Bratton can reduce
corruption, what about future administrations? Are we to resign ourselves to
police corruption scandals every 20 years or so?

A powerful independent monitor represents an opportunity to interrupt and
prevent the cycles of police corruption.

Does the Mayor think the police are afraid of an independent monitor? Most
police officers I know like the idea of being able to report corruption to an
outside agency instead of the Police Department. There would be a better chance
for confidentiality and a real opportunity to reduce political influence.

Police officers look for the truth; politicians look to get re-elected --
there's the rub!

Bravo to New York's City Council; it has taken a vital step in the difficult
task of forcing the Police Department to police itself aggressively -- or risk
public exposure and criticism when the independent monitor speaks to the public
and the press.

MICHAEL J. GORMAN
Whitestone, Queens, Dec. 12, 1994

The writer is a lieutenant and a lawyer with the New York City Police
Department.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 2, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

IN BRIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 385 words


FBI raids Palm Springs city hall in corruption probe

About 75 federal and state investigators effectively shut down Palm Springs'
City Hall on Tuesday to serve search warrants as part of a public corruption
inquiry.

About half a dozen law enforcement officials were at an apartment Mayor Steve
Pougnet listed as his home address in county voter registration records. Pougnet
lives part of the year with his husband and two children in Colorado.

Laura Eimiller, a public information officer with the FBI, said the warrants are
sealed, so she can't comment on their nature. She did confirm that the
investigation is part of an Inland Empire public corruption task force that
involves the San Bernardino District Attorney's Office and the Internal Revenue
Service.

--Jesse Marx

The (Palm Springs) Desert Sun

Clinton confidant disparages Boehner

As John Boehner was about to win the speaker's gavel in 2010, Hillary Clinton's
political confidant offered a crude and scathing assessment of the Ohio
Republican -- calling him "lazy" and "louche."

"Boehner is despised by the younger, more conservative members of the House
Republican Conference," Sidney Blumenthal wrote in an email to then-secretary of
State Hillary Clinton on Nov. 2, 2010.

"They are repelled by his personal behavior. He is louche, alcoholic, lazy, and
without any commitment to any principle," Blumenthal wrote in a note to Clinton
on Election Day in 2010, when the Tea Party movement swept House Republicans
into power and elevated Boehner to House speaker.

--Deirdre Shesgreen

Adult bike injuries rise, especially for men over 45

More U.S. adults are getting hurt on bikes -- probably because more of them,
especially middle-age and older men, are riding bikes, a new study shows.

The study, published in JAMA, The Journal of the American Medical Association,
suggests some recent high-profile bike accidents involving famous men --
Secretary of State John Kerry, 71 (injured in France), and rock star Bono, 55
(not an American but injured riding in New York) -- are part of a bigger trend.

Overall injuries and hospitalizations have increased since the late 1990s, but
the biggest spike is an increase in the proportion of injured riders over age
45, said urologist Benjamin Breyer, a researcher at the University of
California-San Francisco.

--Kim Painter

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Prakash Mathema, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday

South Korean corruption watchdog chief to visit USA 28 March

LENGTH: 184 words


Text of report in English by South Korean news agency Yonhap

SEOUL, March 25 (Yonhap) - The head of South Korea's corruption watchdog will
visit the United States next week to discuss ways to jointly combat corruption,
his office said Thursday.

Lee Jae-oh, chairman of the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission (ACRC),
will leave on Sunday for a week-long visit to Washington D.C. and New York,
where he will hold briefing sessions on Seoul's anti-corruption policies, the
commission said.

In Washington, he will meet Robert I. Cusick, director of the US Office of
Government Ethics, to discuss integrity programmes for public officials and
sharing of US education material on government ethics.

Lee will also meet with Robert Zoellick, president of the World Bank which
produces the annual Worldwide Governance Indicators (WGI). The index serves as a
gauge on the international credibility of countries.

In New York, Lee will hold talks on anti-corruption initiatives with UN Deputy
Secretary-General Asha-Rose Migiro, the commission said.

Source: Yonhap news agency, Seoul, in English 0742 gmt 25 Mar 10

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 29, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Bomb explosions kill 4 in upstate N.Y.

BYLINE: Paul Leavitt; Sandra Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 622 words


Four bombs exploded in upstate New York Tuesday night and at least four people
were killed, authorities say. Two people died in a Rochester apartment explosion
and two others were killed when a bomb went off at an armored car service
building in Cheektowaga. Bombs also exploded in West Valley and Massena, and
authorities defused devices in Eden and New Albion. Police were searching for
one man for questioning. "All the folks injured and killed have some connection
with the person we are looking at," says Thomas Staebell, Erie County sheriff's
chief of patrol.

MORE SNOW: New York and New England today are braced for a snowstorm that
Tuesday hit the Ohio Valley and almost shut down the nation's capital. A few
inches fell in Washington, and federal workers were sent home early. Delays were
reported at area airports. Record low temperatures continued to strain homeless
facilities in parts of the Northeast and northern Plains.

POLICE CORRUPTION: A permanent, independent agency is needed to break a 20-year
cycle of corruption in the New York Police Department, the city's Mollen
Commission said in an interim report based on seven days of public hearings in
September. The commission found a system "more likely to conceal corruption than
uncover it, and a department often more interested in the appearance of
integrity than its reality."

CLINTON ON THE ROAD: President Clinton today heads to Hilton Head, S.C., for
Renaissance Weekend, an annual gathering of business executives, policy experts
and politicians to discuss issues. He visited his dentist Tuesday in Little
Rock. "They said I was doing a beautiful job with my brushing and flossing," he
said, then celebrated with fudge and frozen yogurt. The Washington Post,
meanwhile, reported that Clinton, while Arkansas governor, donated old underwear
and other used clothing to charity, taking tax deductions that may have exceeded
tax guidelines.

ETHICS CASES: Texas prosecutors in Austin said they will amend charges against
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, to comply with a judge's finding that the
ethics-violation charges are too vague. In St. Paul, Minn., federal prosecutors
moved to drop charges against Michael Mahoney and Paul Overgaard, former aides
to Sen. David Durenberger, R-Minn., accused of wrongdoing in a condominium deal.
A judge earlier dismissed charges against Durenberger.

CORRECTION: A headline Tuesday should have said the federal government's formula
pays health maintenance organizations more than necessary for Medicare patients.

Twins to represent March of Dimes

Cincinnati twins Jacquelin and Neil Burch, 6, were named 1994 March of Dimes
national ambassadors - first time in the foundation's 55 years twins were
chosen. They were three months premature, born with a sibling, Courtney, who
died at eight months, They spent three months in intensive care with respiratory
problems. Now healthy kindergartners, their duties include a Jan. 1 ride in the
Tournament of Roses Parade. - Sandra Sanchez

ALSO TUESDAY . . .

-- IMMIGRATION COSTS: Florida will sue the federal government for reimbursement
of medical, education and other costs for illegal immigrants, Gov. Lawton Chiles
said. He put the cost at hundreds of millions of dollars.

-- ART DISPUTE: New York's Guggenheim Museum settled its eight-year court fight
over ownership of a 1912 Marc Chagall watercolor the museum says was stolen in
the 1960s. One defendant said the museum will get $ 212,000.

-- ABDUCTION ARRESTS: Mark Anthony Rantissi and Brian James Tomasello, both 21,
were arrested in Walnut Creek, Calif., in the Dec. 21 kidnapping of Ruth Garrett
Mayer of Antioch.  She was released Dec. 24.

Contributing: Adam Nagourney

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Robert F. Bukaty, AP; PHOTO, b/w

TYPE: Nationline

NATION AND THE WORLD; FROM USA TODAY'S NATIONAL NEWS NETWORK

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 14, 2013 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

ANOTHER VIEW;
Corruption is not new, but it's not as common

BYLINE: Edward Queen; For the AJC

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 625 words


One of the great things about being an historian is that no matter the topic,
one can state, "It really is not new, you know." We can readily say that about
the most recent spate of corruption scandals. From the APS cheating scandal to
the indictment of the DeKalb County CEO, as well as political scandals from
Albany, N.Y., to Albany, Ga., we seem to be continuously inundated with story
after story detailing or alleging corruption, malfeasance, and greed at all
levels of government and across the political spectrum.

The seeming ubiquity of corruption has led to cynicism and despair among the
American public. How often do we hear "everybody does it," "they are all
corrupt?" Well, they are not. While the United States' rating on Transparency
International's Corruption Index, 19, is lower than one might wish, it does
place the U.S. above 88 percent of all countries, including France, Austria and
Ireland.

Politics today is notably freer of the blatant corruption and illegality of
decades past. The machine politics of Tammany Hall in New York, the Pendergasts
in Kansas City, and Daley in Chicago have all gone by the wayside. The creation
of formal civil service examinations also eliminated much of the sources of
corruption that marked previous decades. Activities that were standard practice
in the past are now under increasing scrutiny and even legislation as we
recognize the potential problems caused by conflicts of interest, unlimited
gifts and offers of entertainment.

Even so, it is incontrovertible that illegal and unethical behavior continues.
This, combined with the increased centrality of money in electoral politics has
a corrosive effect on the United States' political functioning. It undermines
trust in government and its officials. The decline in trust produces three major
consequences.

First, it undermines the public's confidence in the legitimacy of governmental
decisions and policies. If people believe, rightly or wrongly, that laws are
passed, contracts are signed, and individuals are hired on bases other than
merit, then their willingness to accept what is done diminishes. Government
becomes an illegitimate entity against which they must protect themselves,
whether through cheating on their taxes, bribing officials or withholding
support. The last can manifest itself in the refusal to support tax increases or
infrastructure projects.

Second, as trust declines, so does people's willingness to engage actively and
productively in the political process. As a college professor for nearly 30
years, I'm disturbed by the declining interest in elective office by my
students.

When the best and brightest step away from seeking elective office, it says
something disturbing and worrisome about politics and peoples' relationship to
it. This cannot bode well.

This brings me to the third point: When a significant number of people pull away
from engagement and involvement with politics, the space they leave is filled by
hyper-partisans and fortune hunters. The results only aggravate the situation by
driving people even further from engagement.

So while I regret the fact of indictments of public officials and the
publication of ethical violations, I also welcome them. They remove corruption
from the body of politics and serve as a warning to others.

We as citizens need to be more vocal in calling for stronger ethics legislation
and, even more importantly, stronger enforcement, as well as financing for that
enforcement. We need to honor those who speak out against wrongdoing and
unethical behavior.

Instead of cynics we need reformers, for after all it is our government, our
money and our choice.

Edward Queen is director of the D. Abbott Turner Program in Ethics and Servant
Leadership at Emory University.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 19, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

New Haven Is the Target of Inquiry

BYLINE: By CONSTANCE L. HAYS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 743 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, March 18


Federal investigators swooped down on this city's municipal offices this week,
taking away boxes of documents that may figure in a fraud inquiry focusing on
the rehabilitation of a rundown commercial area.

It is the third Federal investigation of a major Connecticut city's government
in three years, and some here are wondering why the state seems suddenly to be a
favorite target for United States attorneys.

"Until a couple of years ago, a Federal municipal government corruption
investigation was unheard of," said Hugh Keefe, a New Haven lawyer who is
defending the former Mayor of Waterbury, Joseph J. Santopietro, against Federal
corruption charges in a trial in Bridgeport. Mr. Keefe also defended the former
Mayor of Danbury, James E. Dyer, in a 1990 Federal corruption case in which Mr.
Dyer was convicted of filing a false income-tax return, but acquitted of other
tax charges as well as racketeering and extortion.

Cases Are a Priority

An expert with the American Bar Association in Washington said the recent rash
of Connecticut cases may reflect a particular emphasis by the United States
Attorney, Albert S. Dabrowski, but it also shows that such cases are a priority
for the Department of Justice.

"Connecticut has no monopoly on public corruption," said the expert, Tom Smith,
the associate director of the association's criminal justice section. "There has
been a Federal presence in prosecuting local political corruption for many years
that has reached high levels and low levels."

In 1989, 1,349 public officials were indicted nationwide and 1,149 of them
convicted, said Doug Tillett, a spokesman for the Justice Department. Each case
"involved abuse of the public trust," he said.

Details remain sketchy in the New Haven case, since the United States Attorney's
office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation refused to comment on it. They
are conducting the investigation along with the Federal Department of Housing
and Urban Development.

A subpoena served on Tuesday at City Hall demanded that officials turn over
documents related to a business-relocation program that ran from 1987 to this
year. Under the program, Federal money was used to help business owners move
from the dilapidated Ninth Square neighborhood so that it could be rebuilt as a
complex of apartments and stores.

The subpoena, dated March 12, also demands applications and requests made to the
city for loans from the Small Business Administration and the Women and Minority
Business and Development programs from January 1987 to December 1989. It also
demands documents "relating in any way to services performed or offered to be
performed" by a local company called Fucci Construction, also between January
1987 and December 1989.

Daniels Pledges His Help

All documents requested predate the term of the current Mayor, John C. Daniels,
who took office in 1990. Efforts today to reach his predecessor, Biagio DiLieto,
who is also a former police chief here, were unsuccessful.

In a statement issued Tuesday, Mr. Daniels pledged his "continued cooperation"
and added, "It is my sincere hope that this issue, as painful and difficult as
it is, will be brought swiftly and equitably to a close."

Nancy A. Fucci, the owner of Fucci Construction, said, "I've been in contact
with the U.S. Attorney's office and I've indicated that we're willing to
cooperate in any way necessary to assist them in this investigation."

All work her 50-employee company did for the city, she said, was awarded because
the company made the lowest bids. Most of the projects were for street
improvements, such as installing benches and lights and replacing asphalt with
brick paving.

John J. Sennett, a spokesman for the F.B.I. in New Haven, said, "No specific
individual or individuals are being targeted in this investigation," and added,
"we are only pursuing allegations of wrongdoing, and the investigation will take
us where it takes us."

A state investigation of a similar city-financed program resulted in the arrests
of 11 people last year. That program, known as the Neighborhood Commercial
Revitalization Program, repaid people for up to $15,000 in renovation work on
properties in designated neighborhoods around the city.

Investigators charged that it became riddled with false applications for
reimbursement from people applying on behalf of properties they did not own or
inflating claims of how much they spent on renovations.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Federal officials have begun an investigation into a
rehabilitation project in New Haven. Federal money was used to help businesses
move out of the Ninth Square neighborhood, above, so it could be rebuilt.
(Stephen Castagneto for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

Government corruption;
Ethics rules need updating

SECTION: Pg. A-8

LENGTH: 532 words


"Rick Scott is purging the voter rolls in Florida ... He says he just wants to
remove people who are felons, deceased or here illegally, which in Florida
leaves only 12 people."

- Comedian Bill Maher

If you follow the news, it may seem like Florida is corruption central in
America. And you would be right.

Florida led the nation in public corruption convictions from 2000 to 2010,
according to U.S. Justice Department data.

The new group Integrity Florida highlights this disturbing fact in its "
Corruption Risk Report: Florida Ethics Laws."

"Florida faces a corruption crisis that threatens the state's reputation, its
economy and its ability to attract news jobs and capital," the Integrity Florida
report stated.

When Forbes listed its list of most miserable cities, three Florida cities were
in the top 10, in large part due to corruption: Miami (1), West Palm Beach (4)
and Fort Lauderdale (7).

Florida also received a failing grade for ethics enforcement by the State
Integrity Investigation.

The Integrity Florida report listed several major recommendations that are
no-brainers:

- More power to state Ethics Commission: Allow it to begin its own
investigations. To avoid witchhunts, require a supermajority vote that would
include minority party assent. The commission also should have the authority to
actually collect on the fines it imposes, an idea supported by new commission
member Matt Carlucci of Jacksonville.

- Launch a corruption hotline.

- Expand ethics rules to those who touch public money, such as vendors.

- Require public officials to disclose major financial transactions in the
previous year. "Financial disclosure laws have too many loopholes."

- Have public officials file disclosure forms online where they would be
searchable by the public.

Based on Gov. Rick Scott's statements, Integrity Florida has expressed
confidence that the governor will follow through on beefing up the state's
ethics laws.

Florida was the first state to pass open meetings laws in 1967, but the state is
living off its past accolades. Every year, the Florida Legislature passes more
exceptions to those laws, not all of them justified.

There are now more than 1,000 exceptions to the sunshine and public records
laws. And despite a sunset provision, the exceptions usually stay on the books.

The Florida Ethics Commission has done a great job with the limited tools
available, the Integrity Florida report states. It's time to shine up Florida's
tarnished reputation on ethics with a major ethics rewrite project that goes
throughout state government.

Scott is just the man to lead it.

CORRUPTION CENTRAL

The Sunshine State received a failing grade for ethics enforcement by State
Integrity Investigation.

QUOTABLE

"It has been 36 years since Florida passed comprehensive ethics reform."

Source: Integrity Florida

MEDIOCRE SCORE

Florida was given a grade of C- on the Corruption Risk Report Card by the State
Integrity Investigation.

Low: Ethics enforcement agencies (F), public access to information (D+),
political financing (D-).

High: Internal auditing (A) and redistricting (A)

Source: State Integrity Investigation, a project of the Center for Public
Integrity, Global Integrity and Public Radio International.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union

                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 12, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BRIDGEPORT JURY TO PRESS INQUIRY INTO CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By ROBERT E. TOMASSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 562 words

DATELINE: BRIDGEPORT, Conn., May 11


A Federal grand jury will be impaneled here Wednesday to continue a
five-year-long investigation into municipal corruption in Bridgeport. The
inquiry has led thus far to the conviction of nine officials, and five others
are awaiting trial.

''We have a perception that there has been considerable public corruption in
Bridgeport,'' Alan H. Nevas, the United States Attorney for Connecticut, said in
disclosing formation of the 23-member panel.

At a news conference in City Hall today, Mayor Leonard S. Paoletta said that in
his first six months in office, ''we have spent the bulk of our energy
uncovering the sins of the past and trying to correct the situation.

''Everwhere we turn, we find evidence of corruption,'' said the Republican
Mayor. He campaigned on an anticorruption platform and had stressed the need to
change Bridgeport's image of economic stagnation, political corruption and
underworld influence.

100 on Illegal Payroll

In the last six months, he said, ''there have been four convictions, five
indictments and ongoing investigations of the Dinan Nursing Center, the Parking
Authority, the Women, Infants and Children Program, the Police Department and
the Public Works Department.''

He also discovered, he added, that there was ''an illegal payroll of more than
100 employees'' in various city agencies and that the Housing Authority police
were operating without ''any supervision or accountability whatsoever, including
whether or not they showed up for work.''

Mayor Paoletta, a lawyer who has lived all his life in Bridgeport, said that
''these convictions, indictments and investigations are directly or indirectly
lined to John C. Mandanici,'' a Democrat who was Mayor of Bridgeport from 1976
until 1981.

'Can't Go Into Their Minds'

In replying today to the Mayor's comments, Mr. Mandanici, a native of Bridgeport
and a former supermarket manager, said: ''That's lousy for him to say and really
unconscionable for a lawyer. You have some good people working for you and
probably some bad, but I can't go into their minds. I never told anyone to do
anything wrong.''

Of the 14 officials indicted, nine of them - the manager of the city-owned
airport, three housing officials and five employees of the federally financed
Comprehensive Employment and Training Act - have been convicted.

While the United States Attorney declined to give any indication whether Mr.
Mandanici or other present or past senior city officials were targets of the
investigation being conducted by his office and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, it has been disclosed that Police Superintendent Joseph A. Walsh
and Lieut. Anthony Fabrizi, the chief of detectives, were under investigation.

Repeated telephone calls today to Mr. Walsh and Mr. Fabrizi seeking comment were
not returned.  Last summer, Mr. Walsh embarrassed Federal investigators who had
dispatched an ex-convict serving as an undercover agent to attempt to bribe the
superintendent. Seated in a car being watched by Federal agents, Mr. Walsh
arrested the wired undercover agent and announced that he would prosecute him
for attempted bribery.

The charge was later dismissed in Federal District Court here.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Abbott: 'I will get the vote in the Rio Grande Valley'

BYLINE: Daniella Diaz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 679 words


May 16--MCALLEN -- Republican gubernatorial nominee Greg Abbott made his 12th
stop in the Rio Grande Valley on Thursday morning, telling a packed crowd at the
McAllen Chamber of Commerce that he's the best choice to help the Valley.

"The people that I've worked with down here, they know, or they can see, how
genuine I have been and how committed I really am in connecting with the Rio
Grande Valley, not just during the remaining months of the election but also in
the decade going forward," Abbott said during the latest installment of the
McAllen Chamber and The Monitor's Newsmaker Breakfast Series. "They can see in
me a pathway to greater empowerment for themselves, for their family, and for
their community and that's why I think that I will get the vote in the Rio
Grande Valley."

Carlos Sanchez, executive editor at The Monitor, led the discussion with Abbott,
first asking him what the significance of the Valley is to Abbott and his
campaign.

"The Rio Grande Valley is so incredibly important for me because ... what I've
focused on is really casting a vision for the next 10 years," Abbott responded.
"You have an explosion going on here in the Rio Grande Valley, also. However, I
don't think it's been to the same extent that it has been in some other regions
in the state of Texas despite the fact that you're poised for tremendous
expansion.

"I want to see more and better jobs coming to the Rio Grande Valley."

Sanchez later asked Abbott to clarify a comment he made in February, where he
referred to Valley corruption as third-world practice.

"This creeping corruption resembles third-world country practices that erode the
social fabric of our communities and destroys Texans' trust and confidence in
government," Abbott said in Dallas Feb. 4.

Sanchez told Abbott that he created controversy when he cited several examples
of corruption in the Valley and then compared it to third-world practices.

"Did critics misinterpret your statements or did you misspeak?" Sanchez asked
him.

Abbott started his answer by saying it was neither.

"I point out what I think everyone agrees with, and that is that corruption is
bad. We don't want corruption; we want to root out corruption," Abbott said,
without making a direct reference to the Valley.

Sanchez said that no one was arguing that corruption was bad, adding that "I
think the concerns that were raised when you made those comments was the context
of associating a border community with a third-world country. And I ask again:
Did we misinterpret or did you misspeak?"

"Well, what I said is that corruption  resembles third-world practices," Abbott
said, adding that he didn't say where the corruption was, but instead said that
everyone in the United States needs to do everything to root out corruption.

"If you wanted to write an article in your paper and say there's one candidate
running for governor who will do all he can to root out corruption in the Rio
Grande Valley and another candidate running for governor who is not committed at
that same level, I would love the people in the Rio Grande Valley to vote upon
that one issue alone," Abbott said.

Throughout the discussion, Abbott shared bits of his platform, discussing his
plan to implement $5 billion to improve roads in Texas and his plan to reform
the education system in Texas.

Jane Talbot, an Abbott supporter, said she attended the event because she wanted
a chance to interact with him.

"He was thoughtful and truthful," she said while waiting to take a photo with
Abbott. "I do think that as an area, the Republicans and Democrats have to work
together, otherwise we will never move forward. I really liked everything he
said."

The Newsmaker Breakfast Series' previous guests were Democratic U.S. Rep.
Joaquin Castro of San Antonio, writers Ruben Navarrette Jr. and Jonathan Last
and former American ambassador to Mexico Tony Garza.

The next installment has not been scheduled yet, Sanchez said.

ddiaz@themonitor.com

___ (c)2014 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140516-MC-Abbott-I-will-get-the-vote-in-the-Rio-Grande-Valley-0516-20140516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2014 The Monitor

                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 24, 2013 Monday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

STATE CORRUPT BEFORE SCOTT

BYLINE: KATIE SANDERS, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; POLITIFACT: FLORIDA; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 637 words



HIGHLIGHT: Democrats wrongly tie the governor to a study ranking Florida No. 1
in corruption.


Florida Democrats play up the significance of "one" in a Web video designed to
get members fired up about taking on Gov. Rick Scott in 2014.

A segment riffs off a clip of Scott saying, "Florida won't stop until we're No.
1."

The words "Um, right" appear on the screen, followed by a newspaper headline
typed over a picture of Scott that reads, "Study ranks Florida No. 1 in
government corruption."

"No. 1 in government corruption," the ad states. "Yep, Rick Scott, you're #1
alright."

Florida Republicans were not amused with the video for many reasons, taking
particular issue with the corruption claim. We decided to check it out. Is it
fair for Democrats to link Scott with the report on corrupt government
officials?

At issue is a study released by Integrity Florida, a nonprofit watchdog group,
in June 2012.

From 2000 to 2010, the study found Florida led all states in total convictions
of officials and staff who broke federal public corruption laws. Florida had 781
convictions, followed by more populous states California, Texas and New York.

Without getting into more of the nitty-gritty of the report, we'll note it
included a disclaimer key to our fact-check on Page 2: "The public corruption
conviction data included in this report is from a time period prior to Gov. Rick
Scott taking office."

Integrity Florida included the line to discourage people from doing essentially
what the Democrats did: misconstruing a correlation between the decade of
corruption cases and Scott, who had been in office a year and a half when the
report was released.

"We were concerned about that kind of interpretation," Integrity Florida
executive director Dan Krassner told us.

The Florida Democratic Party stands by its video. Spokesman Joshua Karp directed
us to a story by the Tampa Bay Times about Scott promising ethics reform with an
executive order on his first day in office but not following through. Scott had
pledged his administration would develop a plan for implementing "all or
certain" recommendations by a grand jury convened by former Gov. Charlie Crist.

"We feel that we have a strong case here given that the text of the ad is 100
percent true," Karp said, "and the fact is that Scott has not addressed the
problems addressed in the report."

But the video does not get into that degree of detail. It also fails to mention
that Scott did sign two ethics measures into law this year.

The laws give the state Commission on Ethics more power to investigate
complaints referred to it, requires constitutional officers to go through four
hours of ethics training and bans former legislators from lobbying state
agencies for two years after leaving office, among other things.

One more note: Florida is not universally considered the most corrupt state.

A study by researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago examined
Department of Justice data for corruption convictions across the states from
1976 to 2010. The broadened time period meant Florida ranked No. 4 in total
federal public corruption convictions (1,762 convictions), trailing New York,
California and Illinois. Per capita, Florida ranked eighth.

Our ruling

The Democrats took too big a leap by blatantly linking Scott with a report about
Florida being No. 1 for federal corruption convictions. The report specifically
stated it was looking at the decade before Scott took office. The juxtaposition
in the video is misleading, leaving viewers with the wrong impression. We rate
this claim False.

This fact-check has been edited for print. Read the full version at
PolitiFact.com/Florida.

* * *

The statement

A study ranked Florida "No. 1 in government corruption" under Gov. Rick Scott.

Florida Democratic Party, in a Web video

The ruling: FALSE

One problem: The study specifically stated it was looking at the decade before
Scott took office. We rate this claim False.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           October 11, 2008 Saturday

Grisly tale of crime and corruption raises haunting questions here

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1224 words


The dangers of police corruption are currently being highlighted in a Miami
court case, which would be much bigger news if it were not for the global
financial crisis. The FBI admits that it is its most embarrassing case ever

WHEN Veronica Guerin was murdered in 1996 nobody doubted that organised crime
was flourishing in parts of this country. When it flourished elsewhere, there
was usually police corruption, but we had almost none.

This week the Morris Tribunal reported into garda corruption in Donegal. On the
whole the Garda Síochána has a good record, but there are inevitably bad apples
in every barrel, and if they are not ejected they contaminate other apples. Is
it naive to think that there were only problems in Donegal? The dangers of
police corruption are currently being highlighted in a Miami court case, which
would be much bigger news if it were not for the global financial crisis. The
FBI admits that it is its most embarrassing case ever.

John Connolly, the former FBI man, is currently on trial for the murder of a
Boston accountant in Miami in 1982. There is a strong Irish connection between
Connolly and criminals who formed an integral part of Boston's Irish mafia.

As Connolly tells it, the story began in 1948 in a Boston ice cream parlour when
he was eight-years-old. He was with two friends when 19-year-old James "Whitey"
Bulger, a local thug, offered to buy each of them an ice cream cone.

Connolly refused. He said his parents had told him not to take gifts from
strangers.

"Hey, kid, I'm no stranger!" Bulger said. "Your mother and father are from
Ireland. My mother and father are from Ireland. What kind of ice cream to do you
want?"

"Vanilla," young Connolly replied with smile. He should have heeded the advice
of his parents.

In 1956 Bulger was convicted of a series of bank robberies and sentenced to 20
years in jail. He was considered so dangerous that he spent time in the
notorious Alcatraz prison in San Francisco Bay. After finishing law school,
Connolly joined the FBI. In 1975 he was posted to Boston, where he recruited
Whitey Bulger as an FBI informer. This, it would seem, was a mutually beneficial
arrangement. Bulger provided information on criminals, who were arrested, and he
then moved in on their patch.

Joe Murray of Charlestown, a major drug smuggler, had ties with the IRA. Bulger
tipped off Connolly that Murray was sending seven tons of arms to Ireland on the
fishing vessel Valhalla in September 1984. The arms were transferred to the
Marita Anne off the coast of Kerry.

Deputy Martin Ferris was arrested on the Marita Anna as it was heading back to
Fenit. John McIntyre, one of those on board the Valhalla, was arrested shortly
after returning to Boston. He was lifted on suspicion of trying to break into
his estranged wife's home. Once in custody, however, he offered the police
details of drug smuggling and the gun running in a desperate attempt to
extricate himself from the clutches of those with whom he was involved.

A local detective called in the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA). The 32-year-old
McIntyre was clearly petrified of his colleagues. "You don't know where you're
going to end up or what kind of demise you're going to come to," McIntyre said.
"I just sometimes feel like I'm trapped in this whirlpool and I can't get out of
it."

McIntyre agreed to provide information. "I'd like to be able to sleep at night,"
he said.

Although the Valhalla operation was gunrunning, he said that Murray had also
planned to include a cocaine shipment, but he had not been able to get the stuff
from Colombia in time. "This guy had a mountain of information," the arresting
detective later explained. The DEA shared the information with the FBI linking
Murray to Bulger. McIntyre demonstrated his credibility by giving details of a
drug shipment that was due shortly on a freighter. The boat was searched as it
entered Boston Harbor on November 16, 1984, and 36 tons of marijuana was seized.
Shortly afterwards McIntyre was killed by Bulger, but his body was not found
until January 2000.

At least four other associates of Bulger were murdered after they began talking
to the FBI, or were suspected of being prepared to talk. There was plenty of
evidence to arrest Bulger, but the FBI did not touch him, because his stock as
an informer was soaring, along with the reputation his handler, Connolly.

On the basis of information provided by Bulger and his sidekick Steven Flemmi,
the FBI arrested and jailed Mafia boss, Gennaro Angiulo, along with his lawyer,
and 22 other mafia mobsters, as well as Joe Murray for drug smuggling.

When Connolly retired from the FBI in 1990 after 22 years of service, he was
highly celebrated. Without Connolly to protect them, however, Bulger and Flemmi
soon came under close scrutiny.

Flemmi was arrested in 1995, made a deal with the prosecutor to avoid the death
penalty by pleading guilty to ten murders. He is currently serving a life
sentence. He testified about Connolly's involvement, and the former FBI agent
was convicted of racketeering and sentenced to ten years in jail in May 2002.

In 2006 Flemmi testified that McIntyre was murdered after Connolly told them
that one of the people on board the Valhalla was cooperating with authorities.
Judge Reginald Lindsay ruled in a civil suit that Connolly was the "proximate
cause" of McIntyre's death and the federal government was therefore responsible.
He awarded McIntyre's mother and brother $3.1m in damages. Bulger was due to be
arrested at the same time as Flemmi, but absconded. He is currently No 2 on the
FBI's Most Wanted List, behind only Osama Bin Laden. His former partner Kevin
Weeks testified this week that Connolly told him to warn Bulger of his impending
arrested.

Connolly was retired five years by then, so who told him about Bulger's
impending arrest and, more importantly, why? Some haunting questions also need
to be answered in this country.

Seán O'Callaghan had provided the Special Branch with the information in
relation to the Marita Ann. His identity was a closely guarded secret, but four
days before the Marita Ann set sail, Seán Corcoran, a low grade informer, told
his the Special Branch handler that O'Callaghan was in contact with a garda.

The PIRA was inevitably going to look for a leak after the seizure of the Marita
Ann. Was O'Callaghan notified about what Corcoran had said? Shortly afterwards
Corcoran was murdered by the PIRA in Kerry, and his body was dumped in Ovens,
near Cork City. O'Callaghan stated that he informed the gardaí in advance in a
bid to save Corcoran. O'Callaghan lied about having killed Corcoran in separate
interviews with the Boston Globe, Sunday Times, and The Kerryman. He later
explained that he had wanted to force the gardaí's hand.

"I stated that three bullets had been used when I knew that only one was used,"
O'Callaghan explained in his memoirs.

"I stated that Corcoran was kneeling when I knew that forensic evidence would
prove otherwise." He said he deceived the press because he wanted to compel the
gardaí to investigate why Corcoran had not been rescued.

"The garda had to be forced to reveal why they had not intervened," O'Callaghan
insisted. Was Seán Corcoran sacrificed? It is has taken the FBI more than a
quarter of a century to face up to the Connolly case.

It is a about time we had a proper explanation of the Corcoran case.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 4, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

NYC police commissioner quits

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 513 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Police Commissioner Lee Brown, credited with making city streets a little less
mean, is resigning Sept. 1 to care for his ailing wife.

The resignation comes at an awkward moment, as the biggest city police
corruption probe in 20 years begins.

Mayor David Dinkins, who announced the move, says Brown's wife, Yvonne, is
battling a ''serious illness.''

Brown declined to discuss the illness but The New York Times today reports she
has cancer.

Brown who has a national reputation as an innovator in community policing, was
head of the Houston and Atlanta police departments before coming to New York 2
1/2 years ago. The crime rate has dropped steadily since then.

Brown says his reasons for leaving the 29,000-member force are ''personal, not
professional,'' and have nothing to do with the corruption probe or any conflict
with Dinkins.

The mayor recently formed a police corruption commission and proposed an
all-civilian police review board - despite objections by Brown.

Brown says the department is 100% behind a special prosecutor or commission ''if
they come up with ways to help ensure the integrity of the department.''

Brown, 55, says he doesn't expect to return to police work. Instead, he'll teach
at Texas Southern University in Houston, where his daughters still live.

Dinkins called Brown ''the finest police commissioner to be found anywhere in
this country,'' and congratulated him for overseeing the restructuring of the
city's police department.

With new hires, and by moving police from specialized and desk duties back to
the street, Brown raised the number of officers on foot patrol from 800 to
nearly 3,000 over the last two years.

''I regret losing him,'' says Thomas Reppetto, president of the Citizens Crime
Commission of New York City, a watchdog group. ''There are tremendous tasks and
problems facing the New York police department.''

Not everyone approved of Brown's management style and frequent travel.
''He's been leaving, with regularity, since he arrived. He might as well leave.
He should hit the siren once on his way out,'' says New York Post columnist Mike
McAlary.

Brown was in Los Angeles last month on personal business when violence erupted
in New York's Washington Heights neighborhood after a local man was killed by a
police officer.

McAlary says credit for the lower crime rate belongs to the transit police,
who've cut crime by 30%.

Phil Caruso, president of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, says police
officers are ''sorry to see (Brown) go so early in his tenure. He was
fair-minded, had good ideas, was qualified, and empathized with the work police
officers do on the streets.''

Police Chief David Scott, 57, the department's highest-ranking uniformed
officer, also announced his resignation Monday, citing health reasons.

First Deputy Commissioner Raymond Kelly, a 29-year veteran of the force, was
named acting commissioner.

Dinkins says the city's next commissioner ''doesn't have to be an African
American ... doesn't have to be a Latino. It has to be a damn good police
commissioner.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color, AP; PHOTO; b/w, Felice Quinto, AP

CUTLINE: BROWN: Bolstered community patrols CUTLINE: LEAVES SEPT. 1: Lee Brown,
who's been police commissioner for 2 1/2 years, is credited with a drop in the
crime rate. Mayor Dinkins is at right.

TYPE: Newsmakers

See sidebar; Probe focus; Drug bribes

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 17, 2011 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

CORRUPTION IS ROBERT O'NEILL'S ENEMY NO. 1

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA ZAYAS, JUSTIN GEORGE, Times Staff Writers

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 707 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Those who know him say it's no surprise he nabbed Kevin White.


Two years ago, Robert O'Neill was on a short list to be the top federal law
enforcer for the Middle District of Florida.

O'Neill, about to charge a former judge with bank fraud, dropped a hint to the
panel interviewing him.

"Public corruption should always be a priority," he said. "If it's there, we
need to make sure those cases are being made."

He got the job. And this week, Hillsborough County witnessed for the first time
in years the arrest of a government official, Kevin White, on public corruption
charges.

To those who know O'Neill, his personal appearance in a courtroom Wednesday was
no surprise.

"He is, I think, just personally offended when public officials are being bribed
or breaking the law," said Tampa defense lawyer John Fitzgibbons.

O'Neill, 53, grew up in a blue-collar neighborhood in the Bronx, the son of
immigrants, a janitor and a maid who met on a service elevator.

His first days as a young prosecutor were spent tackling violent crimesin 1980s
New York City. His career took him to Miami during the era of cocaine cowboys,
when bodies floated down the river.

Hillsborough County, that decade, saw its own share of excitement: county
commissioners in handcuffs.

The U.S. attorney at the time was a legendary hard charger named Robert W. "Mad
Dog" Merkle Jr., who garnered both intense criticism and staunch support as he
crusaded against Tampa's power elite.

County Commissioners Jerry Bowmer, Joe Kotvas and Fred Anderson had taken bribes
in exchange for zoning votes. Merkle's office won their convictions.

But he was often accused of tainting reputations without convincing evidence. He
subpoenaed the governor to ask if he had taken bribes. He accused the mayor of
being "on the take."

Going after public officials is sensitive business, said Bill Jung, who worked
with O'Neill as a federal prosecutor.

"There is a discernment which is most important in public corruption cases," he
said. "There's too much at stake."

In 1993, O'Neill served as lead prosecutor in a corruption case against Deborah
Gore Dean, a second cousin to Vice President Al Gore.

O'Neill drew criticism when he accused her of lying on the witness stand - "You
can take her testimony and throw it in the garbage where it belongs," he said.

He started prosecuting cases that year for the U.S. Attorney's Office in
Florida's Middle District, which includes the Tampa Bay area.

In 2001, he successfully prosecuted Audley S. Evans, accused of misappropriating
$4.5 million in Tampa Housing Authority funds.

His 2004 prosecution sent Steve and Lynne LaBrake to prison for conspiracy, wire
fraud and accepting bribes, after news stories raised suspicions about the man
who headed Tampa's housing department.

After the conviction, O'Neill said the verdicts sent a message that public
officials should not abuse their positions for personal gain, noting, "This is a
serious crime that undermines our system of government."

Over the years, prosecution priorities have evolved, said Todd Foster, a defense
lawyer and former prosecutor and FBI agent.

Drugs were big in the 1980s. Priorities shifted heavily to fighting terrorism
after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

Fitzgibbons says that since O'Neill's appointment, defense lawyers have noticed
an uptick in white collar prosecutions.

Federal investigators have been looking into state Sen. Jim Norman's financial
relationship with Ralph Hughes, a now-deceased businessman who gave Norman's
wife $500,000 to buy a lakefront home in Arkansas when Norman was a county
commissioner.

Last month, O'Neill signed a subpoena for employment records of Norman's
legislative aide.

This month, apart from his bribery indictment of White, O'Neill's office filed
charges against Ronald Clifton, alleging bribery and false statements made as
the mayor and a council member in South Daytona.

O'Neill declined an interview for this story.

His schedule, a spokesman said, was too full.

News researcher John Martin contributed to this report. Alexandra Zayas can be
reached at azayas@sptimes.com or (813) 226-3354.

* * *

BIOGRAPHY

Robert E. O'Neill

Age: 53

Hometown: The Bronx, New York

Education: Fordham University, 1979; New York Law School, 1982

First job: Assistant District Attorney, Manhattan

Current job: U.S. Attorney, Middle District of Florida

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: O'Neill has a history of prosecuting corruption in Hillsborough.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 21, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

DOCUMENT DETAILS ABUSES IN A UNION OF CIVIL SERVANTS

BYLINE: By STEVEN GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 1450 words


An internal union report lays out a picture of extensive corruption in the
nation's largest union of government workers, the American Federation of State,
County and Municipal Employees.

The report, which was made available by a union official eager to have the
federation take a tougher stance on corruption, provides an unusual look at a
major union's internal problems and describes corruption far beyond the
well-known scandal at the union's giant New York City affiliate, District
Council 37.

In all, the report describes corrupt activities by 35 union officials, ranging
from the $2.2 million known to have been misappropriated by an official at
District Council 37, to $96,000 stolen by the treasurer of Local 366 in
Milwaukee to $51,000 taken by a senior official at District Council 20 in
Washington.

In dry language, the report describes how union officials forged checks, made
unauthorized withdrawals from union accounts, siphoned union dues into their
personal accounts and used union credit cards for personal expenses.

The report is a comprehensive list detailing the $4.6 million in claims that the
union made to its insurance company, seeking reimbursement under a policy that
covers fraud by union officials. The report involved claims pending last
November.

Since many unions do not release information about internal corruption, it
remains unclear how the amount stolen compares with what has happened at other
unions, particularly those better known for struggling with corruption. But the
report offers an unusually detailed portrait of internal problems at a union
that is on the rise in influence and power.

The federation is the nation's second-largest union, a 1.4-million-member
organization that recently surpassed the Teamsters in size, while remaining
behind the National Education Association. The union's president, Gerald
McEntee, heads the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s political committee. He is one of labor's
most prominent backers of Vice President Al Gore and has overseen more than $4
million in contributions to Democratic causes over the last three years.

While acknowledging the accuracy of the information in the report, officials
with the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, known as
Afscme, insisted that corruption was no worse in their union than in many
others. These officials said that the report attested to the success of the
union's stepped-up efforts to audit locals and uncover financial wrongdoing.

More than half the claims arise from New York's District Council 37, with 56
union locals, in which two dozen officials have been indicted. Other corruption
claims involved locals in Indiana, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, New
Jersey, Ohio and Pennsylvania.

"Clearly something has happened to this union in the past five years," said Carl
Biers, executive director of the Association for Union Democracy, a watchdog
group in New York. "Things have fallen apart in many, many regions. It wasn't
always like this. Clearly, whatever McEntee's strengths are, he has been turning
a blind eye to a lot of this."

Lawrence Weinberg, the union's general counsel, said that considering how many
locals were in the parent union, it was not extraordinary that there were some
corruption problems in a dozen or two locals.

"I think Afscme is cleaner than most unions," Mr. Weinberg said. "When you add
up all this union's locals and chapters, we have between 7,000 and 8,000
subordinate bodies, and what you're looking at is a pretty small number out of
that universe."

In many cases, union-sponsored audits uncovered the thefts detailed in the
report. In addition, officials accused of theft have usually been stripped of
their jobs, and some have been indicted. Several of the District Council 37
officials involved in the claims have pleaded guilty to embezzlement.

Officials with the union said that in 1998 the union, concerned about spiraling
corruption in New York City and elsewhere, adopted tighter auditing procedures,
requiring, for instance, annual audits of any union local or district council
with more than 2,000 members.

"We have an aggressive auditing program," Mr. Weinberg said. "We have a
zero-tolerance policy for wrongdoing. We believe we're more aggressive in
cleaning up than any other union. There may be a price to pay for that. This
type of information comes out. But we're doing all the right things."

Like most other unions, the federation of state, county and municipal employees
has what is known as a fidelity bond insurance policy that provides for
reimbursing the union if an official commits dishonest acts that cause the union
to lose money.

In the claims processed by the union's insurance company, the St. Paul
Companies, from last Oct. 1 to Nov. 22, the report said, the company paid
$605,000 of $2.6 million in claims.

The main reason the company paid less than the amount sought was that the union
claimed $2.2 million for money it said was stolen by Charles Hughes, the former
president of a local in District Council 37, representing New York City's school
crossing guards and cafeteria aides. The policy covering Mr. Hughes provided a
maximum of $500,000 in reimbursement to the union.

Mr. Hughes has been charged with embezzlement. Mr. Hughes's lawyer, Sarita
Kedia, said yesterday that her client was not guilty of any wrongdoing.

Glenn Twigg, an agent for the St. Paul Companies, said of the union: "I don't
know if they have more claims than other unions. I don't find them to be
extraordinary or unextraordinary."

Mr. Twigg said his company examined all claims for reimbursement to make sure
they were valid.

Some labor experts said that the corruption in the union, while lamentable, did
not approach levels seen decades ago in three unions that were controlled or
influenced by organized crime: the Teamsters, the International Longshoremen's
Association and the Laborers' International Union of North America.

Speaking about the state, county and municipal employees' union, Edward A.
McDonald, former director of the Organized Crime Strike Force for Eastern New
York, said: "Any time you have multiple acts of corruption in an international
labor organization, it doesn't look good, but if there are 3,000, 4,000 locals
and you're talking about three dozen people, it's certainly not a crime wave.
But the corruption that's reported pales in comparison to the racketeering
activities that characterized certain mob-dominated unions throughout the 70's
and 80's."

Mr. Weinberg said one explanation for the corruption was that the union was
highly decentralized, so that its locals had more financial autonomy than most
other unions.

One episode of corruption in the report involves Robert Gordon, who was ousted
as treasurer of the Milwaukee local representing 220 sewer workers after a
bookkeeper discovered that some money was missing. A union audit reported that
Mr. Gordon had apparently embezzled $96,000 by writing 208 checks to himself
that were not approved and were not used for union purposes.

Mr. Gordon has not been indicted. His lawyer, Gerald Boyle, said his client was
talking to law-enforcement officials and working with union officials. "We will
take care of making sure that whatever needs to be put back into the union's
coffers is put back," Mr. Boyle said.

Richard Abelson, a top official with the union, said: "We hold ourselves to very
high standards, not only in Afscme, but in Wisconsin. Our expectation is things
like that don't happen here."

The report said Steven K. Grubb, the treasurer of a municipal workers' local in
Elkhart, Ind., wrote $13,500 in union checks for his personal benefit.

Linda Ard, executive director of the council representing all of the union's
8,000 workers in Indiana, said Mr. Grubb had been removed from office when the
local's other officers uncovered the theft.

"This is not anybody's personal money," Ms. Ard said. "This money belongs to the
members of the union." Mr. Grubb had admitted that he siphoned off the money,
she said. He has not been indicated.

Another claim involved the president of a Long Island chapter of the union, who
the union said stole $14,870. The official, Pasquale Ferraro, was removed by a
union judicial panel, although he has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing. Mr.
Ferraro was indicted in the case.

The report did not mention several prominent episodes of corruption not covered
by the claims report. In 1998, for example, the secretary-treasurer of the
union's district council in Washington, Thomas W. Waters, pleaded guilty to
embezzling $761,000, while the council's finance director, Barbara T. Wood,
confessed to stealing $73,500.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: United States Assists Korean Authorities in Recovering Over $28.7
Million In Corruption Proceeds of Former President of the Republic of Korea

LENGTH: 813  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

The Department of Justice has reached a settlement of its civil forfeiture cases
against $1.2 million in assets in the United States traceable to corruption
proceeds accumulated by Chun Doo Hwan, the former president of the Republic of
Korea.  The department also assisted the government of the Republic of Korea in
recovering an additional $27.5 million in satisfaction of an outstanding
criminal restitution order against former President Chun.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Director Sarah R. Saldaña of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE)­­ and Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of the FBI's
Los Angeles Field Office made the announcement after the settlement was signed
and papers requesting that the court execute the agreement were filed with the
U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.

"Chun Doo Hwan's campaign of corruption and bribery while serving as Korea's
president betrayed the trust of the Korean people, deprived Korea's government
of precious resources and undermined the rule of law," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell.  "Fighting corruption is a global imperative that demands a
coordinated global response.  The close cooperation between the United States
and Korea in successfully recovering corruption proceeds stands as a testament
to our resolve to battle the scourge of corruption through international
collaboration."

"Former Korean President Chun violated the trust of the people of Korea," said
Director Saldaña.  "The results in this case reflect the outstanding
international cooperation that exists between U.S. law enforcement and the
government of Korea."

"The U.S. will not idly standby and serve as a money laundering haven for
foreign officials to hide corrupt activities," said Assistant Director in Charge
David Bowdich.  "The FBI will continue to collaborate with our foreign partners
by leveraging its resources in order to identify those engaged in foreign
corruption and to recover their ill-gotten gains."

According to court documents, President Chun was convicted in Korea in 1997 of
receiving more than $200 million in bribes from Korean businesses and companies.
President Chun and his relatives laundered some of these corruption proceeds
through a web of nominees, trusts and shell companies in both Korea and the
United States.

Under the terms of the U.S. settlement, $1,116,951.45 in assets will be
forfeited to the United States.  During the joint U.S.-Korean investigation,
approximately $27.5 million in additional funds were paid by an associate of
former President Chun to the Korean government to partially settle the judgment
entered against former President Chun upon his criminal conviction.  Including
the settlement announced today, the U.S. and Korean authorities have recovered
more than $28.7 million in connection with Korea's investigation and prosecution
of former President Chun.

The investigation was conducted jointly by the FBI's West Covina Resident Agency
of the Los Angeles Division, ICE's Homeland Security Investigations' (HSI)
Philadelphia Office, HSI's Attaché in Seoul, South Korea and the FBI Kleptocracy
Program of the International Corruption Unit within the Criminal Investigation
Division.  The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Woo S. Lee and Della
Sentilles of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Katharine Schonbachler and Steven R. Welk of
the Central District of California, and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Minni
and Alvin Stout of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.  The Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs provided substantial support.

The department is grateful for the significant assistance provided by the Seoul
Central District Public Prosecutor's Office, Korea's Supreme Prosecutor's Office
- Anti-Corruption Supervisory Division and the Ministry of Justice's
International Criminal Affairs Division in investigating and forfeiting these
corruption proceeds.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative by a team
of dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section, working in partnership with federal law enforcement agencies
to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where appropriate,
return those proceeds to benefit the people harmed by these acts of corruption
and abuse of office.  Individuals with information about possible proceeds of
foreign corruption located in or laundered through the United States should
contact federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov
Email links icon
.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                             May 30, 2006, Tuesday

Corruption crackdown

BYLINE: Peter Grier Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



HIGHLIGHT: The FBI has sharpened its focus on public graft.


In Lynchburg, Va., mayor Carl Hutcherson on May 2 was convicted, among other
crimes, of stealing cash from Social Security disability recipients to pay for a
stereo, a mattress, and cable television.

In Oklahoma City, three US Army soldiers on April 25 pleaded guilty to taking
bribes to transport cocaine while in uniform - bringing to 13 the number of
current or former military personnel ensnared by the FBI undercover
investigation Operation Tarnish Star.

In West Palm Beach, Fla., city commissioner Raymond Liberti on May 8 was charged
with fraud in federal court after allegedly harassing two local massage parlors
in return for a $2,000 TAG Heuer watch and $66,000 in cash.

Jack Abramoff, you're not alone. Federal corruption cases are on the upswing all
across America, as the FBI devotes more resources to pursuing those who abuse
the public trust.

Over the past two years, FBI investigations have led to corruption convictions
for more than 1,000 government employees, according to bureau figures.
Corruption indictments are up 40 percent.

At times, critics say, this push has gone too far - witness the current legal
standoff over documents seized by agents from Rep. William Jefferson's office.
But other experts applaud the attempt to curb bribery and other misdeeds -
especially in Washington, nexus of money, lobbyists, and power.

"I think it's great," says Melanie Sloan, former federal prosecutor who now
heads Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW). "It's
overdue."

The FBI's latest strategic plan lists "combat public corruption on all levels"
as the bureau's highest-ranking criminal priority, ahead of such things as
fighting transnational crime organizations (read "the Mafia") and white-collar
crime.

Over the past 18 months, some 200 agents have been added to the 400 already
working on public corruption cases, according to FBI data.

This new emphasis is due to the fact that "public corruption is different than
other crimes," said FBI director Robert Mueller in a May 11 speech in San Diego.
"It does not just strike at the heart of good government - it can strike at the
security of our communities and our nation."

A recent Arizona-based investigation found serious corruption along the US
southern border, noted Mr. Mueller. Fifty current and former soldiers and
law-enforcement officers pleaded guilty to accepting cash to smuggle drugs and
illegal immigrants into the US from Mexico.

"For the right price, would they ... help terrorist operatives cross the
border?" said the FBI director.

Not that the stakes are always so high. A recent election fraud case in West
Virginia centered around the trading of votes for gravel, which the voters in
question needed for their gravel roads, said James "Chip" Burrus, assistant
director of the FBI's Criminal Investigative Division, at an April press
conference.

The FBI and federal prosecutors have broken some big corruption cases outside of
Washington. Former Illinois Gov. George Ryan, for instance, was convicted of a
pattern of fraud while in office.

Abramoff, for one, has admitted to conspiring to bribe public officials, plus
mail fraud and tax evasion, as a result of one of the widest-ranging such probes
in recent history. So far, the Abramoff investigation has ensnared three former
congressional aides - the latest being Neil Volz, an ex-lobbyist and ex-aide to
Rep. Bob Ney (R) of Ohio, who pleaded guilty to fraud May 8.

In addition, former Rep. Duke Cunningham (R) of California last year admitted
taking $2.4 million in return for helping defense firms get Pentagon contracts.
The Cunningham case is still threatening to engulf others, too, such as a former
high CIA official named Kyle "Dusty" Foggo. Mr. Foggo was a friend of an
unindicted co-conspirator who figured in Cunningham's schemes, and agents
searched Foggo's Langley, Virginia office on May 12.

Then there's Rep. Jefferson (D) of Louisiana. The FBI says it has a videotape of
him accepting $100,000 in bribes, and that it found $90,000 of that cash stuffed
in his home freezer. Last week, a former Jefferson aide, Brett Pfeffer, was
sentenced to eight years in prison for aiding and abetting the bribery of a
public official.

The current spate of bribery investigations involving Congress is
"extraordinary," notes John Fortier, a research fellow and governance expert at
the American Enterprise Institute.

Given President Clinton's own legal problems while in office, his administration
wasn't interested in allowing the FBI to go after corruption in the GOP-
controlled Congress, she added. But now, "political gloves are off," says Sloan.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             January 9, 2009 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

House looks ready to impeach 'Abuse of power' o Panel says corruption charges
show a pattern. 'Enough is enough' o Lawmaker hopes vote will send a message.

BYLINE: By Kevin McDermott and Kari Andren POST-DISPATCH SPRINGFIELD BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 823 words


SPRINGFIELD, ILL. - The Illinois House will likely consider impeachment articles
today against Gov. Rod Blagojevich on allegations of corruption, official
misconduct and other issues, after a committee of legislators on Thursday
unanimously approved a report calling for his ouster.

Barring a surprise development, the House vote to impeach will be overwhelming,
and could conceivably be unanimous. If so, the state Senate would then conduct a
trial to decide whether the second-term Democrat will be removed from office.

"This is an individual who is not fit to be governor of the state of Illinois,"
said impeachment committee chairwoman Rep. Barbara Flynn Currie, D-Chicago, as
the committee vote began Thursday evening in Springfield. Blagojevich was
arrested Dec. 9 in his Chicago home on federal corruption charges, including the
allegation that he attempted to personally profit from his authority to name a
replacement to the vacant U.S. Senate seat of President-elect Barack Obama.

The impeachment committee approved a report saying Blagojevich's alleged crimes
of corruption and his unilateral governing style "constitute a pattern of abuse
of power," and that "this abuse of power warrants his impeachment and trial and
removal from office."

Blagojevich's relationship with the Legislature has been strained for years,
with frustrated legislators complaining he had repeatedly overstepped his
authority. That frustration came spilling out in speech after speech as the
committee members each voted "yes" on the impeachment resolution.

"We have a chief executive officer who has run amok," said committee member Rep.
Jim Durkin, R-Countryside, ranking Republican on the committee.

State Rep. Bill Black, R-Danville, said the vote is a declaration that "enough
is enough." He said he hoped the vote will send a message to public officials
about "what has often been winked at in this state."

One longtime critic, Rep. Jack Franks, D-Woodstock, compared Blagojevich
unfavorably to New York ex-Gov. Eliot Spitzer, who stepped down from that office
last year in the wake of a prostitution scandal. Spitzer "did the honorable
thing and resigned" rather than dragging his state through controversy, as
Blagojevich has, Franks said.

There appeared little doubt the full House will overwhelmingly vote to impeach.
Even state Rep. Jay Hoffman, D-Collinsville - a close friend and the arguably
top legislative ally of Blagojevich - confirmed Thursday that he intends to vote
for the impeachment resolution.

"I can't imagine how he can provide the type of leadership that is necessary for
us to address the issues" facing the state, Hoffman said. "I'll be voting ... to
move forward with the process and impeach the governor."

Hoffman, a former Blagojevich roommate and unofficial adviser, has been a
vehement supporter, at times shouting down House colleagues in heated floor
debate as the only voice in defense of the Democratic governor. But on Thursday,
he spoke in somber tones, saying he is "disappointed" at the controversy that
has engulfed Illinois since Blagojevich's arrest.

"If it were me, I would have resigned," Hoffman said.

BURRIS TESTIFIES

Blagojevich, who has resisted calls to resign, shocked the political world last
week by naming a U.S. Senate appointee as the governor awaits trial. His
appointee, Roland Burris, a former Illinois attorney general, isn't implicated
in any of Blagojevich's alleged crimes, but the appointment has threatened a
crisis in Washington, where Senate leaders initially balked at seating Burris.

The 21-0 impeachment committee vote came shortly after the panel heard testimony
from Burris, who vehemently denied that Blagojevich sought anything when
offering the appointment shortly after Christmas.

"There was nothing ... exchanged for my appointment to this seat," Burris said
emphatically about whether Blagojevich offered any "quid pro quo" for his
appointment. "Absolutely, positively not."

The report noted Blagojevich failed to testify before the committee, despite an
invitation.

Burris insisted to reporters later that his appointment is legal and not tainted
by Blagojevich's problems. "I feel I passed the test (of the committee) with
flying colors," Burris said.

When asked repeatedly if Blagojevich should resign, step down or be impeached,
Burris said, "I cannot answer that. That is his decision."

The impeachment committee early Thursday posted a draft report recommending
impeachment, before the final day of testimony had begun. The report includes
evidence related to the federal criminal charges, as well as additional
complaints regarding Blagojevich's governing style of the last six years.

The report takes Blagojevich to task for run-ins with the Legislature, including
his attempt to expand a state health care program without legislative authority,
his controversial attempt to have extra flu vaccine imported to Illinois in
2004, and his administration's hiring and contracting practices.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Blagojevich case

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 5, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

West Palm called fourth-most miserable area

BYLINE: By JODIE WAGNER Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 292 words


Though not as gloomy as Miami, Detroit or Flint, Mich., metropolitan West Palm
Beach is uncomfortably near the top of Forbes magazine's annual list of
America's most miserable cities.

Citing corruption and a crippling housing crisis, Forbes editors placed West
Palm Beach fourth on its survey. Rounding out the top 10 are Sacramento, Calif.,
Chicago, Fort Lauderdale, Toledo, Ohio, Rockford, Ill., and Warren, Mich.

Last year's most miserable city, Stockton, Calif., ranks No. 11 on the 2012
list.

West Palm Beach was noted for the political scandal involving Boynton Beach
mayor Jose Rodriguez, who was suspended by Gov. Rick Scott last month following
his arrest on charges that he used his position to try to kill an abuse
investigation into his treatment of his estranged wife and her daughter.

Forbes also noted that home prices in the West Palm Beach metropolitan area are
off 50 percent since 2006.

The magazine surveyed 200 of the nation's largest metro areas to determine its
list, ranking them on factors like violent crime, unemployment rates,
foreclosures, income and property taxes, home prices and political corruption.

Less weighty components included commute times, weather and how the area's
professional sports teams performed.

Miami earned its No. 1 ranking based on political corruption as well as its high
crime, foreclosure and unemployment rates.

"Life is good for the likes of LeBron James and Latin pop crooner Enrique
Iglesias, who's building a $20 million compound on a private island with
girlfriend Anna Kournikova," the article's author, Forbes senior editor Kurt
Badenhausen, wrote in his report.

"But if you're among the 75 percent of households with an annual income under
$75,000, it can be a hard place. "

~ jodie_wagner@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 15, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. ATTORNEY IN MANHATTAN SETS UP ANTICORRUPTION UNIT

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 34, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 520 words


A special unit to combat corruption has been formed by the United States
Attorney's office in Manhattan.

The formation of the ''public corruption unit'' was announced on Friday by
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney, who said the unit would focus
on criminal cases involving officials, politicians, police officers and ''any
person holding public office.''

Mr. Giuliani said his office was already working on ''a significant number of
cases'' in the corruption area, including bribery, tax evasion and other crimes.

The corruption unit will include four full-time prosecutors working under the
supervision of Jane W. Parver, who was appointed chief of the unit as well as
executive assistant on Mr. Giuliani's staff.

First in Law School Class


Miss Parver, a 1972 graduate of Columbia University Law School, ranked first in
her graduating class. She joined the United States Attorney's office in 1976 and
served as chief of a major crimes unit since 1981.

As the executive assistant, she holds one of the highest positions in the United
States Attorney's office for the Southern District of New York, which covers
Manhattan, the Bronx and six counties north of New York City. The prosecutor's
office includes 126 lawyers.

The position of executive assistant was previously held by Dennison Young Jr.,
who is moving into another top post as Associate United States Attorney. Mr.
Young, a 1968 graduate of St. John's University School of Law, served as a
legislative counsel to former Senator Jacob K. Javits.

William M. Tendy, a veteran prosecutor, remains in the No. 2 position of Deputy
United States Attorney, with Bart M. Schwartz as chief of the Criminal Division
and Howard Wilson as chief of the Civil Division.

Mr. Giuliani said the formation of the corruption unit would stress the priority
given to corruption cases. He added that the unit would be able to coordinate
investigations and develop more corruption cases.

'Concentrate Our Efforts'


''The reason for doing it is so that we can concentrate our efforts on these
kind of cases,'' Mr. Giuliani said. ''The only way to make these cases is to
concentrate on them.''

When asked if he would use ''sting'' operations, he said he was not opposed to
them. He added that ''undercover operations, sting operations, all those things
are valuable.'' But he stressed that the corruption unit was ''in no sense
intended to target anybody.''

A separate section for corruption cases was first formed in 1971 by Whitney
North Seymour Jr., who was the United States Attorney at the time, Mr. Giuliani
recalled, adding that ''I was a charter member of it.''

Mr. Giuliani was a prosecutor in the office here for several years and later
served as the Associate Attorney General in the Justice Department in Washington
until he became the United States Attorney last June.

A few years ago, the corruption unit was incorporated into another section
concerned primarily with organized crime, Mr. Giuliani continued. He said he
believed that a separate unit was needed to concentrate on cases involving
corruption.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company

                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: United States Assists Korean Authorities in Recovering More Than $28.7
Million in Corruption Proceeds of Former President of the Republic of Korea

LENGTH: 808  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:


WASHINGTON--The Department of Justice has reached a settlement of its civil
forfeiture cases against $1.2 million in assets in the United States traceable
to corruption proceeds accumulated by Chun Doo Hwan, the former president of the
Republic of Korea. The department also assisted the government of the Republic
of Korea in recovering an additional $27.5 million in satisfaction of an
outstanding criminal restitution order against former President Chun.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Director Sarah R. Saldaña of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement (ICE)­­ and Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of the FBI's
Los Angeles Field Office made the announcement after the settlement was signed
and papers requesting that the court execute the agreement were filed with the
U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.

"Chun Doo Hwan's campaign of corruption and bribery while serving as Korea's
president betrayed the trust of the Korean people, deprived Korea's government
of precious resources and undermined the rule of law," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "Fighting corruption is a global imperative that demands a
coordinated global response. The close cooperation between the United States and
Korea in successfully recovering corruption proceeds stands as a testament to
our resolve to battle the scourge of corruption through international
collaboration."

"Former Korean President Chun violated the trust of the people of Korea," said
Director Saldaña. "The results in this case reflect the outstanding
international cooperation that exists between U.S. law enforcement and the
government of Korea."

"The U.S. will not idly standby and serve as a money laundering haven for
foreign officials to hide corrupt activities," said Assistant Director in Charge
David Bowdich. "The FBI will continue to collaborate with our foreign partners
by leveraging its resources in order to identify those engaged in foreign
corruption and to recover their ill-gotten gains."

According to court documents, President Chun was convicted in Korea in 1997 of
receiving more than $200 million in bribes from Korean businesses and companies.
President Chun and his relatives laundered some of these corruption proceeds
through a web of nominees, trusts and shell companies in both Korea and the
United States.

Under the terms of the U.S. settlement, $1,226,951 in assets will be forfeited
to the United States. During the joint U.S.-Korean investigation, approximately
$27.5 million in additional funds were paid by an associate of former President
Chun to the Korean government to partially settle the judgment entered against
former President Chun upon his criminal conviction. Including the settlement
announced today, the U.S. and Korean authorities have recovered more than $28.7
million in connection with Korea's investigation and prosecution of former
President Chun.

The investigation was conducted jointly by the FBI's West Covina Resident Agency
of the Los Angeles Division, ICE's Homeland Security Investigations' (HSI)
Philadelphia Office, HSI's Attaché in Seoul, South Korea and the FBI Kleptocracy
Program of the International Corruption Unit within the Criminal Investigation
Division. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Woo S. Lee and Della
Sentilles of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Katharine Schonbachler and Steven R. Welk of
the Central District of California, and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph Minni
and Alvin Stout of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The Criminal Division's
Office of International Affairs provided substantial support.

The department is grateful for the significant assistance provided by the Seoul
Central District Public Prosecutor's Office, Korea's Supreme Prosecutor's
Office--Anti-Corruption Supervisory Division and the Ministry of Justice's
International Criminal Affairs Division in investigating and forfeiting these
corruption proceeds.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative by a team
of dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section, working in partnership with federal law enforcement agencies
to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where appropriate,
return those proceeds to benefit the people harmed by these acts of corruption
and abuse of office. Individuals with information about possible proceeds of
foreign corruption located in or laundered through the United States should
contact federal law enforcement or send an e-mail to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                          December 11, 2008, Thursday

Shock and gall in Illinois

BYLINE: The Monitor's Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 527 words


"We're not going to end corruption in Illinois by arrests and indictments
alone," said prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald after laying out charges Tuesday
against Gov. Rod Blagojevich. He's right - and not only for one state. Americans
can't leave it to law officers to smoke out corruption in high places. Democracy
needs vigilance by everyone to keep government free of taint from money
politics.

Illinois is hardly alone in its high level of graft, even though it has had four
governors in trouble with the law in the past 35 years and Chicago still carries
a reputation for sleazy politics.

In the past decade, former governors of Alabama, Connecticut, and Louisiana have
been found guilty of money crimes. A few Massachusetts politicians now face
corruption charges.

Alaska's Sen. Ted Stevens was found guilty of lying about gifts from a political
supporter. New York Rep. Charles Rangel, head of the House tax panel, is being
probed on allegations of seeking money for political favors and of dodging taxes
on his homes. At least a dozen recent representatives in the House have been
nailed for corruption.

In New Orleans Saturday, voters took matters into their own hands. US
Congressman William Jefferson - who has been indicted on several corruption
counts - lost his reelection bid to a Republican in a heavily Democratic
district.

Citizens of Illinois now have a chance to influence their state legislators to
impeach Governor Blagojevich. FBI tapes of his alleged attempts to "sell" the
seat of former Sen. Barack Obama and to use state money to force the Chicago
Tribune to fire editorial writers - among other bizarre charges - signal a
massive abuse of power.

It's not clear if Blagojevich was allegedly seeking money for personal gain or
to lard up his campaign chest. But the practice of politicians who dispense
favors for campaign money is common at the state level.

Political scientist James Q. Wilson wrote in a 1966 essay "Corruption: The Shame
of the States" that officials will "steal when there is a lot of money lying
around loose and no one is watching. They will resist minor temptation,
particularly if everyone else does and someone is checking up."

As Congress moves to throw billions at the states for infrastructure projects
for economic stimulus, more eagle-eyes are needed to watch how that money is
spent. And with more newspapers folding and laying off journalists, citizens
need to step up their watchdog role.

Prosecutors play a central role, of course. After Watergate, a "public
integrity" section was set up in the Justice Department. From 2001 to 2006, it
won convictions for 5,876 individuals on public corruption. The FBI has more
than 600 agents dedicated to such cases, nearly double from a decade ago.

Temptations for greed or graft are rising with the need for politicians to raise
higher amounts of campaign cash. Politicians are more susceptible to helping
donors, such as with earmarks on spending bills.

The Blagojevich case seems to have uncovered a whopper of an example of someone
charged with selling his office for favors. It's a wake-up call for every
citizen everywhere.

(c) Copyright 2008. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

OFBJP USA sends its president to support Ramdev

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, June 08 -- Strongly condemning police action against Baba Ramdev and
his supporters at Ramlila Maidan in New Delhi, the US unit of Overseas Friends
of BJP said its chief has joined the yoga guru in India on behalf of overseas
Indians. "Overseas Friends of BJP (USA) condemns UPA government in the strongest
terms for such a barbaric, undemocratic and brutal police action against
peaceful Satyagrahis protesting against corruption and black money," OFBJP,
which aligns itself with Bharatiya Janata Party, said in a statement.

"This is the beginning of the end of UPA government, when downfall nears the
person gets deluded (Vinashkale viprit buddhi), that is what has happened to
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi," it said.

Adapa Prasad, the national president of OFBJP, went to India last week to join
in this Satyagrah against corruption, it said, adding he is scheduled to address
a press conference to to register OFBJP's protest and demand resignation of the
Prime Minister.

OFBJP has been supporting Ramdev in his fight against corruption, and organised
mass protests across the US over the weekend. The protests were organised in New
York City, Upstate New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Washington DC,
Richmond-Virginia, Tampa-Florida, Houston-Texas, Dallas-Texas, St
Louis-Missouri, Atlanta-Gerogia, Chicago-Illinois, Boston and California.

Referring to the police action at the Ramlila Grounds over the weekend, OFBJP
said, the only fault of the volunteers was that they were demanding the
government to enact tough laws against corruption and bring back black money
stashed abroad.

"The action of UPA government reminds us the midnight anti-democratic action on
June 26, 1975 when Emergency was clamped on India by the same Congress party
which is leading the UPA government now, and thousands of innocent people were
arrested and brutalised that day," it said. The first and foremost
responsibility of any functioning democracy is to protect the civil rights of
its citizens, even when they speak against the sitting government," Rishi
Bhutada, a member of the HAF executive council, said in a statement. HAF's
assistant Director Jay Kansara said that the gratuitous, middle-of-the-night
attack on Baba Ramdev and his tens of thousands of peaceful supporters was
clearly an attempt to distract attention from the government?s unwillingness to
curb corruption within its ranks Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           November 12, 1971, Friday

SECTION: Page 47, Column 1

LENGTH: 45 words

Adam Walinsky article on NYC police corruption scores city's politicians for
allowing corruption to persist; says that it is responsibility of Knapp Comm to
go beyond exposing corruption; says that it must examine why it was allowed to
flourish unexamined and unchecked

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts

                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

The Fayetteville Observer, N.C., Live Wire column

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words


Oct. 28--Q: I heard something on the national news this week about how North
Carolina is one of the top five politically corrupt states in the country. I
expected to see something about this in the paper but haven't. Can you provide
more information about this? -- S.R., Fayetteville

A: We suspect you heard a reference to a list put out in May by The Daily Beast,
a news and opinion website.

The site ranked states in terms of corruption based on federal crime data drawn
from a 10-year span.

North Carolina was fifth overall. But that included corrupt actions by private
citizens as well as government officials. North Carolina was 36th in the
category of public corruption, which was based on convictions of elected and
other public officials.

The state was 22nd in the racketeering and extortion category.

But it ranked 7th in forgery and counterfeiting and 2nd in embezzlement.

And depressingly, in the fraud category, North Carolina ranked 1st. As an
example of the fraudulent acts here that produced arrests between 1999 and 2008,
The Daily Beast mentioned two Raleigh men who bilked Medicare of $12.4 million
by billing the program for medical equipment that either wasn't necessary or
wasn't delivered.

If you check The Daily Beast listings, be aware that the one about North
Carolina wrongly states that one of the men was sentenced this year to 90 days
in jail. Make that 90 months in jail. He's not due out 'til late 2016. His
partner is set to be released next year.

Topping the overall corruption list was Tennessee, followed by Virginia,
Mississippi and Delaware. Delaware was tops in embezzlement and in forgery and
counterfeiting. New York, 24th overall, topped racketeering and extortion and
the District of Columbia, 36th overall, had the most public corruption.

To see more, go to www.thedailybeast.com and search for "most corrupt." -- C.P.

Q: Is trick-or-treating supposed to be on Saturday or on Sunday in the city of
Fayetteville? I've read conflicting information. -- H.F., Fayetteville

A: Saturday, same as the other towns and unincorporated areas in Cumberland
County.

Trick-or-treating is supposed to end by 8 p.m. but different places have
different suggested starting times. Fayetteville, the county and Fort Bragg say
costumed kids can start knocking on doors and begging for candy at 6 p.m. Spring
Lake will let them start out an hour earlier, at 5 p.m. And Hope Mills just sets
"early evening" as the start. -- C.P.

Live Wire seeks to answer questions of general interest and consumer topics
within two weeks. Initials are used to identify questioners when names are
given. Contact Live Wire at livewire@fayobserver.com,
http://blogs.fayobserver.com/livewire or 486-3516.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101028-FY-The-Fayetteville-Observer-N-C-Live-Wire-column-1028-20101028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2010 The Fayetteville Observer

                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 15, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Newark mayor's troubles no laughing matter // Federal investigation of
corruption moves closer;
aide's residence raided

BYLINE: Bob Minzesheimer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 836 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


Mayor Sharpe James finished second in Comic Relief's "America's Funniest Mayors"
contest, but few in his struggling and gritty hometown are laughing.

A day before James flew to Los Angeles for the cable TV event last weekend,
federal agents investigating widespread allegations of corruption raided the
homes of two top city officials. They reportedly found $ 150,000 in cash at the
residence of the mayor's chief of staff, apparently moving the probe closer to
James.

If this were fiction instead of real life, it would be classified as soap opera,
not comedy: The aide, who is married to a cousin of the mayor's wife, lives with
his girlfriend, a hairdresser, at whose home the money was seized.

James, a Democrat, is standing by his top aide, Jackie Mattison, saying: "I know
of no wrongdoing. . . . I will not deal with his personal family matters."

Mattison, 44, earns $ 87,682 as the mayor's chief of staff and another $ 35,000
as a Democratic state assemblyman. Re-elected two days before the raid, he
hasn't said anything about the cash that was found.

The other official whose home was raided, Police Director William Celester, was
put on paid administrative leave by the mayor, who says the investigation is a
"major distraction" to police. Police Chief Thomas O'Riley will assume
Celester's duties.

Neither Mattison nor Celester has been charged with a crime. Their lawyers
protested the raids, which involved agents in flak jackets from the FBI, IRS and
Postal Inspection Service. Said Mattison's lawyer, Anthony Pope, "They don't
treat gangsters like this."

The raids were the latest in a long-running federal investigation into whether
Newark officials, including the mayor, used city and campaign money for personal
use.

Within the last year, two former City Council members were convicted of
extortion. A third pleaded guilty.

James, 59, in his third term, denies any wrongdoing. In a recent interview, he
said such investigations "are part of being mayor of a big city. We all live in
glass fishbowls."

But a Star-Ledger editorial notes that in Newark "it's a rare official who isn't
under suspicion of something," and observes that the state has taken over the
city schools. It pans James' comedy routine: "If it's not too rude to ask: Just
what is so damn funny?"

The usually gregarious mayor, whose one-page biography notes that he's been
president of the National League of Cities, named one of the nation's "Ten Best
Dressed Men," and is Newark's senior tennis champion, has stopped answering
reporters' questions.

His press secretary, Pamela Goldstein, says, "The press can't seem to understand
that Comic Relief was not some silly thing" and was "no junket," although HBO
paid expenses for the mayor and his wife.

Comic Relief, she says, donated $ 750,000 in the past few years for health care
for Newark's homeless. For the mayor, "it was an opportunity to show his style
and to draw attention to the plight of the homeless."

But even some of his ex-supporters are wondering whether the mayor is a crook,
or at least hanging out with crooks.

"Maybe he's not stealing money, but the people around him reflect on him," says
Willie Brown, a salesman who voted for James three times. "He's starting to
remind me of Nixon, acting like he doesn't know what's going on around him."

At the main Public Library, a setting in Newark native Philip Roth's first
novel, Goodbye, Columbus, librarian Robert May suggests voters "got what they
deserve" by electing James to a third term.

"Maybe I'm cynical, but I figure in their first term, mayors want to do good. In
the second term, they start getting comfortable and temptation rises. By the
third term, their power is so solidified, they start thinking about themselves."

William Linder, who runs Newark's award-winning New Community Corp., which
builds low-income housing, fears that the investigations will set back attempts
to attract federal and state grants and private investors to New Jersey's
largest and poorest city.

"I can't prejudge the mayor," Linder says, "but clearly something is wrong, and
if it's not him, then he has to hold someone responsible, and that's not
happening yet. It's not just his trip to California. It's whether he's focusing
on what needs to be done in a city with so many needs."

In Los Angeles, James praised a sense of humor in times of crisis: "Humor is so
important that even during the Depression, the lights on Broadway never dimmed."

He finished second to Seattle Mayor Norm Rice with a joke inspired by Pope John
Paul II's visit to Newark last month.

As James tells it, the pope, in a hurry, tells his chauffeur that he'll drive.
Going 90 mph on the New Jersey Turnpike, the pope is pulled over by a cop who
calls the station to say he "can't give the man in the limo a ticket - he's a
BIG guy."

"Is it the mayor?" he's asked.

"No, bigger."

"Is it the governor?"

"No, bigger."

"Well, who is this guy?"

"I don't know who he is, but he's got the pope as his chauffeur."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, AP (2); PHOTO, b/w, Mike Derer, AP

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 15, 1995, Wednesday, FIRST EDITION

Newark mayor's troubles no laughing matter // Federal investigation of
corruption moves closer, aide's residence raided

BYLINE: Bob Minzesheimer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 834 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


Mayor Sharpe James finished second in Comic Relief's "America's Funniest Mayors"
contest, but few in his struggling and gritty hometown are laughing.

A day before James flew to Los Angeles for the cable TV event last weekend,
federal agents investigating widespread allegations of corruption raided the
homes of two top city officials. They reportedly found $ 150,000 in cash at the
residence of the mayor's chief of staff, apparently moving the probe closer to
James.

If this were fiction instead of real life, it would be classified as soap opera,
not comedy: The aide, who is married to a cousin of the mayor's wife, lives with
his girlfriend, a hairdresser, at whose home the money was seized.

James is standing by his top aide, Jackie Mattison, saying: "I know of no
wrongdoing. . . . I will not deal with his personal family matters."

Mattison, 44, earns $ 87,682 as the mayor's chief of staff and another $ 35,000
as a Democratic state assemblyman. Re-elected two days before the raid, he's
hasn't said anything about the cash that was found.

The other official whose home was raided, Police Director William Celester, was
put on paid administrative leave by the mayor, who says the investigation is a
"major distraction" to police. Police Chief Thomas O'Riley will assume
Celester's duties.

Neither Mattison nor Celester has been charged with a crime. Their lawyers
protested the raids, which involved agents in flak jackets from the FBI, IRS and
Postal Inspection Service. Said Mattison's lawyer, Anthony Pope, "They don't
treat gangsters like this."

The raids were the latest in a long-running federal investigation into whether
Newark officials, including the mayor, used city and campaign money for personal
use.

Within the last year, two former City Council members were convicted of
extortion. A third pleaded guilty.

James, 59, in his third term, denies any wrongdoing. In a recent interview, he
said such investigations "are part of being mayor of a big city. We all live in
glass fishbowls."

But a Star-Ledger editorial notes that in Newark "it's a rare official who isn't
under suspicion of something," and observes that the state has taken over the
city schools. It pans James' comedy routine: "If it's not too rude to ask: Just
what is so damn funny?"

The usually gregarious mayor, whose one-page biography notes that he's been
president of the National League of Cities, named one of the nation's "Ten Best
Dressed Men," and is Newark's senior tennis champion, has stopped answering
reporters' questions.

His press secretary, Pamela Goldstein, says, "The press can't seem to understand
that Comic Relief was not some silly thing" and was "no junket," although HBO
paid expenses for the mayor and his wife.

Comic Relief, she says, donated $ 750,000 in the past few years for health care
for Newark's homeless. For the mayor, "it was an opportunity to show his style
and to draw attention to the plight of the homeless."

But even some of his former supporters are wondering whether the mayor is a
crook, or at least hanging out with crooks.

"Maybe he's not stealing money, but the people around him reflect on him," says
Willie Brown, a salesman who voted for James three times. "He's starting to
remind me of Nixon, acting like he doesn't know what's going on around him."

At the main Public Library, a setting in Newark native Philip Roth's first
novel, Goodbye, Columbus, librarian Robert May suggests voters "got what they
deserve" by electing James to a third term.

"Maybe I'm cynical, but I figure in their first term, mayors want to do good. In
the second term, they start getting comfortable and temptation rises. By the
third term, their power is so solidified, they start thinking about themselves."

William Linder, who runs Newark's award-winning New Community Corp., which
builds low-income housing, fears that the investigations will set back attempts
to attract federal and state grants and private investors to New Jersey's
largest and poorest city.

"I can't prejudge the mayor," Linder says, "but clearly something is wrong, and
if it's not him, then he has to hold someone responsible, and that's not
happening yet. It's not just his trip to California. It's whether he's focusing
on what needs to be done in a city with so many needs."

In Los Angeles, James praised a sense of humor in times of crisis: "Humor is so
important that even during the Depression, the lights on Broadway never dimmed."

He finished second to Seattle Mayor Norm Rice with a joke inspired by Pope John
Paul II's visit to Newark last month.

As James tells it, the pope, in a hurry, tells his chauffeur that he'll drive.
Going 90 mph on the New Jersey Turnpike, the pope is pulled over by a cop who
calls the station to say he "can't give the man in the limo a ticket - he's a
BIG guy."

"Is it the mayor?" he's asked.

"No, bigger."

"Is it the governor?"

"No, bigger."

"Well, who is this guy?"

"I don't know who he is, but he's got the pope as his chauffeur."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, AP (2); PHOTO, b/w, Mike Derer, AP

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 12, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

JAVITS CENTER: Q. & A.;
4 Years in the Face of Corruption

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 39;  Column 4;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 830 words


Citing a long history of mob corruption at the Jacob K. Javits Convention
Center, Gov. George E. Pataki last week demanded the resignation of the center's
13-member board of directors and threatened to temporarily close the center. At
the same time, Ron Carey, president of the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters, seized control of Local 807, which operates at the Javits Center, and
the State Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, said he would begin an
investigation into corruption at the nine-year-old center, on the West Side of
Manhattan.

From 1991 until this January, Fabian G. Palomino was the center's president and
chief executive. Mr. Palomino, 70, was appointed to the position by his longtime
friend and associate, former Governor Mario M. Cuomo, and resigned after Mr.
Cuomo's defeat.

During a two-hour interview on Friday with Brett Pulley, a reporter for The New
York Times, he was asked why corruption seemed so intractable at the Javits
Center.

Q.  During your four years at the Javits Center, what did you do to get rid of
corruption there?

A.  I appointed an inspector general, I did all these innovations that they
never had before to get rid of corruption, and it has. It deterred crime and
corruption and has led to the detection of payroll fraud and padding. It has led
to the firing of people who falsified records. It has done all of those things,
O.K.?

Q.  When you were first hired for this job in 1991 by Governor Cuomo, it was
clear at that point that organized crime was linked . . .

A.I knew it.

Q.  . . . to the Javits Center. Why, over those four years, couldn't you root it
all out? What got in your way?

A.  Well, first of all, I am not a law enforcement person. I went there as
president and C.E.O., O.K.? And secondly, I had my people cooperate with all the
authorities on everything they could, O.K.? We reported everything. We gave them
evidence of everything we could. They knew -- look, [District Attorney Robert
M.] Morgenthau's person, [the former chief of investigations, Michael G.]
Cherkasky, briefed me on it before. They knew it was there.

What do you mean, what got in my way! That was their responsibility. They're law
enforcement people. . . .

There was an organized crime task force of the state and they were aware of it.
We sent word to them. We sent things to them to investigate. And, you know, why
-- What got in my way? Look at it in their way. What is in their way now? . . .

I mean, you know, you impose an impossible burden. That's wrong. . . .

Do you think I didn't want to do it, or I wouldn't want to do it? I accepted the
challenge of working there knowing it was there. I didn't come there to -- as
one of your reporters wrote -- to fatten my pension. You know, I go to work
every day between 5 and 6 o'clock in the morning. And I never left until after 6
in the evening most days. I was there most weekends, all right?

Q.  But why couldn't you get exhibitors' costs under control?

A.  I don't control exhibitors' costs . . . To the extent I control them, I did.
We control the electrical costs. I reduced it. We control the rug-cleaning
costs. I reduced it. We control the telephones we rented to them. I reduced it.
. . . We would give -- not exhibitors -- we'd give show managers breaks on the
cleaning costs at times. You know, you know, we would give it. We don't deal
with the exhibitors. The show managers don't permit us to deal with the
exhibitors.

I'll tell you what I did for the exhibitors, all right? You want to know because
I was concerned about them.

When I came to the Javits Center . . . I found out the exhibitors would come
with their clothes for the show with their trucks and their station wagons and
their vans to unload from the front of the building. And the Parking Violations
Bureau had our show schedule. And they would be snowing them with tickets. And
if a guy got smart, they'd tow his car around to the Tow Pound on 34th Street,
all right? You had to take up $100 to get it out.

When I saw that, I immediately called for a meeting. And we had a meeting with
the Traffic Department -- Department of Transportation and the 10th Precinct.
And I got a policy established whereby we can set up . . . with cones and put
plaques the show managers give the exhibitors . . . verifying that there's
unloading for a show at the Javits Center. And they're permitted to unload
without being ticketed, O.K.?

Q.  Why weren't you able to get rid of all the shakedowns?

A.  Let me ask you something. What is the level of shakedowns now compared to
when we started?

Q.  So you say . . .

A.  It was a regular practice. I'm not only saying it, the exhibitors will tell
you there. You know, now and then if you have it, it's an isolated thing. It's
not a systemic thing. I told you we put up signs, we put up undercover people,
we have undercover exhibitors coming in, you know. And it's not there anymore.
If it happens, it's an isolated practice.


LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Fabian G. Palomino, president of the Jacob K. Javits Convention
Center from 1981 until January, said he reduced shakedowns and overcharges.
(Frances Roberts for The New York Times)

TYPE: Interview

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Taxpayer financing of campaigns won't fix Albany

BYLINE: Brian Sampson and Dottie Gallagher-Cohen

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 450 words


Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's Moreland Commission to Investigate Public Corruption
recently released its preliminary report, which recounts Albany's recent history
of corruption and suggested numerous reforms. There is no doubt that Albany's
political culture needs to be fixed, and Unshackle Upstate has no objection to
many of the commission's recommendations.

But where we strongly disagree is on the issue of taxpayer funding of political
campaigns. The commission's report proposes a system under which the state would
"match" certain donations to political candidates at a rate of 6 to 1. Donate
$100 to a candidate, and the state will give that candidate an additional $600.

Like the dissenting commissioners who called this proposal "significantly
flawed," our view is that the Moreland Commission's claim that taxpayer funding
of political campaigns will clean up Albany's culture of corruption is wrong.

If, as advocates claim, New York City's program will serve as a guide, then such
a program will create new opportunities for political corruption. In one recent
instance, an incumbent New York City councilmember received $64,000 in public
funds, while paying her son $55,000 to work on her campaign. This is just one
example.While there's been much discussion about the fiscal impact of
taxpayer-funded political campaigns, we are still waiting for the proponents to
provide a reliable estimate of what their proposal will actually cost taxpayers.
Hard-working New Yorkers should not be forced to hand over a blank check for the
creation of an expensive new program to pay for attack ads, robo-calls and the
myriad of other political expenses.

Despite being pitched as a panacea for cleaning up Albany, a system of public
financing will be subject to manipulation via the political process. Under New
York City's program, for example, certain groups have carved out loopholes that
favor them, further increasing their already significant political influence.

The big winner in New York City's recent election was the Working Families
Party, which is now seeking to increase its influence in Albany. The party and
its coalition members spent more than $1 million in 2013 to promote
taxpayer-financed campaigns. Does anyone think that this politically connected
union supports this program because it is "fair"?

Cleaning up Albany is a monumental challenge that must be addressed in a way
that restores the public's trust and protects taxpayers. In reality, using
public money to fund political campaigns will only make overburdened taxpayers
feel used and abused.

Brian Sampson is executive director of Unshackle Upstate. Dottie Gallagher-Cohen
is president and CEO of the Buffalo Niagara Partnership.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              June 27, 2010 Sunday
                             FINAL - 3 STAR EDITION

NEEDED: PUBLIC CORRUPTION HALL OF FAME

BYLINE: Jim Shea jshea@courant.com

SECTION: CTNOW; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 480 words


The conviction of Hartford Mayor Eddie Perez on five counts of bribery and
extortion points out anew the need for Connecticut to have its own Public
Corruption Hall of Fame.

I'm not advocating for anything fancy, just historical exhibits, busts,
artifacts, memorabilia, maybe some interactive stuff like, say, a replica of
Larry Alibozek's garden, where kids could dig for buried gold coins.

The Hall, of course, should be located in Waterbury.

Waterbury is the Cooperstown of public corruption.

Former Gov. John Rowland, after whom the government center in Waterbury is still
named, would have a statue in the Hall's lobby.

When it comes to corruption, Rowland is like the Babe.

If Rowland is the Babe, former Waterbury Mayor Phil Giordano is the Black Sox
scandal.

After Icky Phil was convicted of child-sex charges emanating from a corruption
probe, you didn't hear anyone pleading: "Say it ain't so, Phil." Everyone knew
it was.

Giordano's bust in the Hall should probably be covered with a brown paper bag.

Also occupying space in the Hall's Waterbury wing would be yet another mayor,
Joe Santopietro, who remains the "Charlie Hustle" of public service corruption.

Santopietro was convicted on 18 counts of bribery, conspiracy, embezzlement,
bank fraud and tax evasion.

You just don't see elected officials putting up those kinds of numbers anymore.

Now, there is an argument to be made that Bridgeport, and not Waterbury, is a
more deserving location for the Hall.

It is, after all, the home of former State Rep. Ernie Newton, who was sentenced
to five years in prison for soliciting a $5,000 bribe, misusing campaign money,
and not paying taxes.

And, Bridgeport was governed for 12 years by Joe Ganim, who is just finishing up
a nine-year stretch for handing out city contracts in exchange for bribes and
kickbacks and soliciting such freebies as monogrammed shirts, exercise
equipment, jewelry, cases of fine wine, home improvements, massages, meals, and
pretty much anything that wasn't nailed down.

I may be prejudiced, but compared with Waterbury, Bridgeport is still a AAA
team.

Some other obvious first-ballot inductees to the Hall include:

Paul Silvester, the former state treasurer who was convicted of taking bribes
and kickbacks while steering millions of dollars in state pension fund money to
certain investment companies.

Ben Andrews, the former state NAACP leader who did some steering to Silvester
and ended up being fined $250,000 and sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison.

Lou DeLuca, the former state senator who resigned after asking a contributor and
trash-hauling company owner to slap his grandson-in-law upside the head over a
domestic matter.

As for Perez, he would not be eligible for induction into the Hall until he has
served prison time.

When that day comes, though, he'll be a shoo-in.

Contact Jim Shea at jshea@courant.com and read his blog at
www.courant.com/tooshea.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 29, 2013 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

EX-REP. RENZI GIVEN 3 YEARS

BYLINE: Compiled from news services

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 670 words


TUCSON, Ariz. -- A federal judge Monday sentenced former U.S. Rep. Rick Renzi to
three years in prison for convictions on public corruption, money laundering and
other charges, capping a corruption case prosecutors said began more than a
decade ago.

U.S. District Judge David C. Bury also sentenced Renzi co-defendant James
Sandlin to 18 months in prison, and ordered both men to pay fines. They are to
begin their prison terms in January.

Renzi, 55, a Republican, represented Arizona's sprawling 1st Congressional
District from early 2003 until early 2009. He chose not to run for re-election
in 2008 while facing the federal indictment.

A federal jury in Tucson convicted him in June on 17 of 32 counts, including
wire fraud, conspiracy, extortion, racketeering, money laundering and making
false statements to insurance regulators. He was acquitted on the remaining
counts.

Confidential data stolen

NEWARK, N.J. -- A British hacker stole "massive amounts" of confidential data
from the U.S. Army and the U.S. Missile Defense Agency, including service
members' personal information, the U.S. said Monday.

Lauri Love, 28, and others also breached computer systems at the Environmental
Protection Agency and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration,
according to Paul Fishman, the U.S. attorney in New Jersey. Ms. Love was
arrested Oct. 25 at home in Stradishall, England, Mr. Fishman said.

Ms. Love stole identifying information of workers at NASA, the Missile Defense
Agency and the Army Network Enterprise Technology Command, according an
indictment unsealed in federal court in Newark, N.J.

No charges against guards

BOISE, Idaho -- After a three-year investigation into allegations of possible
criminal civil rights violations at Idaho's largest private prison, the U.S.
Department of Justice is declining to prosecute any current or former guards
with Corrections Corporation of America.

U.S. Attorney Wendy Olson made the announcement Monday, saying the FBI's
investigation into inmate-on-inmate assaults at the CCA-run Idaho Correctional
Center south of Boise was detailed and covered multiple incidences. Ms. Olson
says that while the assaults at the prison have been problematic, prosecutors
didn't believe they would be able to prove elements of a federal crime beyond a
reasonable doubt.

Asian carp reproduced

TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. -- Scientists said Monday they have documented for the
first time that an Asian carp species has successfully reproduced within the
Great Lakes watershed, an ominous development in the struggle to slam the door
on the hungry invaders that could threaten native fish.

An analysis of four grass carp captured last year in Ohio's Sandusky River, a
tributary of Lake Erie, found they had spent their entire lives there and were
not introduced through means such as stocking, according to researchers with the
U.S. Geological Survey and Bowling Green State University.

Grass carp are among four species imported from Asia decades ago to control
algae and unwanted plants in controlled settings such as sewage treatment
lagoons. They escaped into the wild and have spread into the Mississippi and
other rivers and lakes across the nation's heartland.

Obama reassures FBI

WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama on Monday assured FBI employees that he
would fight to keep politics from interfering with their mission as the agency
struggles to contend with budget shortfalls.

Speaking at the agency's headquarters at a ceremony recognizing James B. Comey
as the new director, Mr. Obama said it was unfortunate that the broad spending
cuts known as sequestration have affected the agency's resources as it tries to
adjust to constantly changing threats.

"I'll keep fighting for those resources because our country asks and expects a
lot from you," Mr. Obama said, "and we should make sure you've got the resources
you need to do the job."

Mr. Comey was sworn in during a private ceremony Sept. 4, taking the reins from
Robert S. Mueller III. Under law, Mr. Comey will serve a 10-year term at the
FBI.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: James B. Comey, new FBI director

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           October 17, 2007 Wednesday

Expert: Border violence growing, could spill over

BYLINE: By Brandi Grissom / Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


Read commentary and discuss this story.

AUSTIN -- Drug violence in Mexico is worsening and could spill north of the
border, according to a report released by a member of Gov. Rick Perry's Border
Security Council.

"U.S. law enforcement efforts to combat the cartels, which are organized,
wealthy, and unafraid of the authorities, suffer from poor coordination,
corruption and lack of resources," wrote Fred Burton, a former counter terrorism
agent with the State Department and vice president of counterterrorism and
corporate security at Austin-based Stratfor.

Perry and a border sheriffs official said corruption is not a problem among
state and local law enforcement. The report, they said, emphasized the need for
more federal and state dollars to combat border violence.

But one UTEP expert said reports like Burton's create an unrealistic image of
real life on the border.

Burton, who could not be reached Wednesday, reported that 2007 could be the
deadliest year yet in Mexico's drug wars, despite President Felipe Calderón's
efforts to crack down on cartels. Already since January, 2,100 drug-related
killings have occurred, the same number Mexico had in all of 2006.

Burton wrote that corruption allows violence to proliferate in Mexico, though it
is not limited to that side of the border. U.S. officers, especially low-paid
ones, also are susceptible to bribery from the lucrative drug trade.

Cameron County's former sheriff is serving 24 years in federal prison for drug
trafficking, extortion and corruption. Three National Guardsmen deployed to the
Laredo area were charged with human smuggling, and one of them has pleaded
guilty.

Donald Reay, executive director of the Texas Border Sheriffs Coalition, said
none of the 18 border-area departments in that organization has had corruption
problems. Those departments have received millions from Perry since 2005 to
participate in border operations.

"We haven't seen any (corruption)," he said.

Perry spokeswoman Allison Castle said the report underscored the need for Texas
to beef up border security spending since federal officials haven't solved the
problems.

Legislators this year approved about $110 million in the state budget for
increased law enforcement in border areas.

Asked whether concerns in the report about corruption among state and local law
enforcement officials caused any worry about how those dollars would be used,
Castle said she was unaware of any current corruption cases.

"There may have been in the past, certain, you know, cases of corruption, but I
think we need to focus on the big picture here, and that's the fact Mexican
cartels continue to try to smuggle drugs across our borders," she said.

Tony Payan, a political science professor at the University of Texas at El Paso,
said reports like Burton's paint an exaggerated picture of chaotic violence on
the border.

Violence by drug cartels, he said, does increase when the government targets and
arrests organizational leaders. That sends cartel lieutenants into a battle for
control and causes other cartels to fight for power in areas left with weak
leaders.

But drug-cartel violence "is not random and is not illogical," Payan said.

Life for most border residents, he said, is not replete with terror from
gangland's stray bullets and flaming cars.

"Most people along the border live their daily lives in peace and are worried
about the same things as the rest of Mexico and the rest of America," Payan
said.

Such reports, though, do support calls by state and local officials for more tax
dollars to fight border crime, Payan said.

"People in the political arena É set up paper tigers -- a ferocious beast that
looks terrible," he said. "Then they turn around and say, 'If you give us more
money and resources, we can lick it just like that.' "

Brandi Grissom may be reached at bgrissom@elpasotimes.com; (512) 479-6606.

The Associated Press contributedto this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 19, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

HEAD OF F.T.C. SAYS TAXI LIMITS PROMOTE MUNICIPAL CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By ESTHER B. FEIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 18


The chairman of the Federal Trade Commission has warned Mayor Koch that by
restricting taxi medallions, the city is effectively issuing ''an engraved
invitation to corruption.''

In a letter to the Mayor dated Dec. 16, the commission's chairman, Daniel
Oliver, said limiting the number of taxi medallions not only leads to ''higher
fares and reduced availability'' of taxis in the city, but also creates a window
for ''those with a financial interest in regulatory decisions'' who are
''strongly motivated to influence the deliberative process.''

The F.T.C. was invited by the New York City Council to comment on a bill before
the Council to increase the number of taxi medallions. Mr. Oliver's letter is an
addition to a six-page report by the F.T.C. staff, which supports the bill's
goal of increasing ''for hail'' taxis but advocates complete deregulation as a
better solution.

The Mayor's special adviser for transportation, Jack Lusk, said tonight that the
Mayor had not yet received Mr. Oliver's letter and could not comment on its
suggestion regarding corruption. Mr. Lusk said that he had reviewed the F.T.C.
report and that the Mayor did not recommend deregulation.

The chairman of the Taxi and Limousine Commission, Gorman Gilbert, said he was
surprised that Mr. Oliver would raise corruption as a factor in the new bill.
Mr. Gilbert said he would not ''respond to allegations and innuendo regarding
corruption,'' adding that the city's recent corruption scandal, which extended
to the Taxi and Limousine Commission, happened before his appointment.

He said he thought the bill before the Council to increase the 11,787 medallion
cabs in service in the city by 1,800 over the next six years was ''rational and
reasonable.''

This is the first time the F.T.C. chairman has cautioned a mayor that failing to
deregulate taxis could lead to corruption, according to the director of the
F.T.C.'s Bureau of Competition, Jeffrey I. Zuckerman.

Intervention in Other Cities

The Federal agency has intervened before, for economic reasons, in trying to
limit cities' control over the taxi industry, and has filed suit against cities,
under the Federal antitrust law, challenging their right to regulate taxis.

Mr. Oliver was in meetings today and could not be reached for comment, but Mr.
Zuckerman said the chairman felt that the potential for corruption in New York
City's taxi industry was an economic issue.

Taxi owners in the city have opposed any increase in the number of taxis.

The executive director of the Independent Taxi Owners Council, Al Zeff, which
has about 5,000 members, said tonight that Mr. Oliver's comments regarding
corruption were ''outrageous and irresponsible.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 9, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A Section; A22

LENGTH: 496 words


MEMPHIS  --  Former state  senator John Ford, who resigned last month after the
FBI said he was taped taking payoffs and threatening witnesses, pleaded not
guilty to public corruption charges Wednesday and called government agents
liars.

"They're the ones who are corrupt. They're the villains," Ford said after
entering a plea to bribery and corruption charges before a federal magistrate.

Ford, the brother of former U.S. representative Harold Ford Sr. and the uncle of
Rep. Harold E. Ford Jr. (D-Tenn.), said he and several other  state lawmakers
are victims of a corrupt undercover sting by the FBI and federal prosecutors.

"These are accusations that have been brought on by people in government who are
corrupt  --  people in government who have lied about everything," Ford said.
"They're the ones who spent taxpayers' money doing all this stuff."

Two others charged with taking payoffs to influence legislation for a fake
company called E-Cycle Management also were in court  --  state Sen. Kathryn
Bowers, a fellow Democrat, and Barry Myers, a Memphis resident described as a
"bag man" in federal indictments. Both also pleaded not guilty.

*  NEW YORK  --  The body of a college student who disappeared in April during a
visit to New York City was found in the Hudson River. Authorities said they did
not yet know whether his death was accidental or a homicide. Patrick M. Welsh,
22, was last seen April 15 when he took a train from Harrisburg, Pa., to New
York, after telling his family he planned to visit friends at Columbia
University. He used his cell phone the night he arrived but was never heard from
again. Welsh, of Sykesville, Md., attended York College in Pennsylvania.

*  SURF CITY, N.J.  --  A teenage surfer was bitten in an apparent shark attack
off the New Jersey coast, and experts believe a small great white may be
responsible. It would be the first recorded shark attack in the state's waters
in 30 years. Ryan Horton, 17, said he never saw what bit him when he felt a
stabbing pain in his ankle Sunday afternoon.

*  PHILADELPHIA, Miss.  --  Reputed Ku Klux Klansman Edgar Ray Killen, 80, will
stand trial as scheduled next week in the 1964 murders of three civil rights
workers despite injuries that are causing him discomfort, Circuit Judge Marcus
Gordon ruled.

*  FARGO, N.D.  --  Ten weeks after he was shot and left for dead in the worst
school shooting since Columbine, Jeffrey May walked out of the hospital  saying
he looked forward to going back to playing sports Red Lake High School in
northern Minnesota.

*  SEATTLE  --  The owner of a run-down home where Jimi Hendrix once lived plans
to move it to a Seattle suburb, across from the cemetery where the rock legend
is buried. Owner Pete Sikov has until Friday to provide completed plans for
moving the house; otherwise, Seattle officials say, they will demolish it. The
house was moved a few blocks three years ago to make way for a housing
development.

--  From News Services

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 9, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Hearing Focuses on School Corruption

BYLINE: By SAM DILLON

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 631 words


After repeated scandals, New York City's school custodians have become a
nationwide symbol of corruption in government, and some Republican lawmakers
have begun using those allegations to beat back efforts to get Federal aid to
the city's classrooms.

Republican lawmakers, led by Newt Gingrich, the Georgia Congressman who is the
minority whip, regularly take to the floors of the Capital to assail the
mismanagement of the city's schools and especially the abuses they attribute to
the school custodians.

Yesterday Representative Major R. Owens, Democrat of Brooklyn, lamented the
drumbeat of Republican criticism aimed at the city. But he sounded a bit like a
convert himself as he focused his own spotlight on the corruption allegations.

"There's outrageous waste, it's gone on for decades, and the Republicans are
using all the corruption to argue that we shouldn't get any more money," Mr.
Owens said at a congressional hearing on wrongdoing and waste in New York City
schools.

'Embarrass Somebody'

"I want to get this mess cleaned up," he said. "I want to embarrass somebody, to
scare somebody, to get something corrected that is crying out for correction. I
don't want Newt Gingrich using this against New York City six months from now,
or two years from now," Representative Owens said.

The result yesterday was a thorough review of allegations that were detailed
previously, as well as a few fresh accusations -- all made with an eye to
reforms that could remove a potent weapon from the city's enemies in Washington.

The most detailed new corruption allegations came from Edward F. Stancik, the
Special Commissioner of Investigation for the New York City school district. But
Elizabeth Holtzman, the New York City Comptroller, and several others offered
other details on mismanagement and waste in various school operations, from
student busing to buying textbooks.

Addressing Representative Owens, the chairman of the House Subcommittee on
Select Education, Mr. Stancik detailed how school custodians charged purchases
of personal equipment to school accounts.

In one case, Mr. Stancik said, a custodian at Junior High School 56 in
Manhattan, Paul Safina, persuaded school suppliers to sell him a $700 radio for
his yacht and some $1,300 in other personal goods while giving him receipts for
floor wax and other school supplies, which Mr. Safina used to defraud the Board
of Education.

'Practices Are Widespread'

"There's reason to be concerned that these practices are widespread," Mr.
Stancik told the lawmakers and about 50 educators and reporters who attended the
hearing at the Federal Building Courthouse. Mr. Safina resigned, pleaded guilty
to larceny, made restitution and was sentenced to probation, Mr. Stancik said.

Stanley S. Litow, the deputy schools chancellor for operations, testified at the
hearing that Chancellor Joseph A. Fernandez had contracted out custodial duties
at some 100 of the city's approximately 1,000 schools. Mr. Fernandez has
concluded that the practice can bring considerable savings, and hopes to expand
the practice, Mr. Litow said.

Joseph Stigliano, president of Local 891, responding to the accusations hurled
at his union in the hearings, said: "Our union doesn't condone wrongdoing. It's
easy to blame all the ills of the educational system on us. You think Johnny
can't read because of us?"

The custodians were not the only targets of criticism in the hearing.

Ms. Holtzman testified that wasteful buying and distributing of supplies by the
Board of Education leaves $1.2 billion worth of school goods, from notebooks to
computer equipment, "open to theft, waste and abuse." She estimated that the
city could save 10 percent, or $120 million a year, by modernizing its
purchasing process.


LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representative Major R. Owens of Brooklyn, left, chairman of the
House Subcommittee on Select Education, at hearings yesterday in lower Manhattan
with Representative Donald M. Payne of New Jersey. (Ed Quinn for The New York
Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 24, 1991, Sunday

THE SOUTH IN BRIEF; S.C. senator guilty in bribery trial

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 485 words


Despite a trial filled with obstacles for the government, suspended South
Carolina state Sen. J.M. "Bud" Long was found guilty Saturday in Columbia of
violating a federal corruption law. A jury deliberated almost two hours before
deciding the 64-year-old Myrtle Beach Democrat illegally accepted $ 2,800 in
exchange for his vote on a betting bill.

The almost two-week trial was filled with setbacks in the government's case,
prompting U.S. Attorney Bart Daniel to come to Columbia in the middle of the
trial to help with the case. At one point, star witness and undercover informant
Ron Cobb testified he didn't think Long believed he was receiving a bribe.

The federal government's probe into public corruption has resulted in charges
against 28 lobbyists, lawmakers and officials. Only one, Rep. Tim Wilkes
(D-Winnsboro), has been acquitted of all charges.

Gainesville suspect's attorney needs more money: The public defender assigned to
Danny Harold Rolling in the Gainesville, Fla., slayings case says he needs more
state money to prepare his case and predicted the Louisiana drifter's defense
could cost $ 1 million. Attorney Richard Parker said Friday he will need a
special state appropriation for the 1992-93 budget year or he might have to dely
preparations to defend Rolling until at least July, when the next budget year
begins. At a meeting of Alachua County legislators and leaders, Mr. Parker asked

 legislators to exempt his office from cuts expected in the Dec. 10 special
session to balance the state budget. Grand jurors indicted Rolling on Nov. 15 in
the slayings of five Gainesville college students in

Trial offering lessons for students: Some Pitt County, N.C., teachers have found
the courtroom can be more educational than the classroom. College and high
school teachers are using the Little Rascals child abuse trial, now entering its
17th week in Farmville, N.C., as a real-life laboratory for their students. An
East Carolina University student said her professor suggested that she and her
classmates visit the court to observe the behavior and characteristics of the
people involved. Two teachers from J.H. Rose High School also have brought
classes to the courtroom. Robert F. Kelly Jr., 43, is charged with 183 counts of
sexually abusing 22 children at the Edenton day-care center he owned and
operated with his wife, Elizabeth. Mrs. Kelly and five others await separate
trials on similar charges.

Veil lifted on top-secret missiles: Soviet missile experts are planning a visit
to Charleston, S.C., next month to examine some of the Navy's submarine-launched
nuclear ballistic missiles, The Post-Courier newspaper reported Saturday. The
experts will travel to the Charleston Naval Weapons Station, where they will
examine one or more Trident I missiles, according to government sources quoted
by the paper.

- From our news services

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution

                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                                  March, 1997

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius And Center For Global Change Examine Corruption In
Global Marketplace

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 433 words


Companies seeking to trade and operate internationally may encounter demands or
requests for improper payments in order to obtain or retain business.  While
many countries permit or provide tax deductions for the payment of "competitive
bribes" in foreign countries, the United States, through the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, is virtually alone in criminalizing payments to foreign officials
to secure business.

To help companies cross the mine field of international corruption, the Center
for Global Change and Governance at Rutgers University - Newark, in association
with Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP and the American Corporate Counsel Association
of Greater New York (NYACCA), has organized a full-day conference, "Corruption
in the Global Marketplace," the second in the Center's 1997 series on Global
Economic Crime, scheduled for April 30, 1997.

The conference will focus on the legal issues and practical realities of
corruption confronting companies that operate in the international arena, with
particular attention to the applicability of the FCPA to frequently encountered
situations and to efforts by various international organizations to control
corruption in the global marketplace.

Keynote speaker Brian M. Jenkins, Deputy Chairman of Kroll Associates, will
present the conference topic "Corruption in the Global Marketplace." Other
presentations include:


* "The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act: Its Basic Elements," Joseph P. Griffin,
Esq., partner with Morgan, Lewis &

Bockius LLP


* "FCPA: Case Examples and Recent Decisions," Martin J. Weinstein, Esq., partner
with Foley & Lardner


* "Trends in FCPA Enforcement," Peter B. Clark, Esq., Deputy Chief, Fraud
Section, U.S. Department of Justice


* "Crossing the Mine Field: Liability for Acts of Others, Promotional Expenses,
Facilitating Payments and Other Burning Questions from the Real World," panel of
all participating speakers


* "Managing Corporate Compliance with FCPA," H. Lowell Brown, Esq., Assistant
General Counsel - Compliance, Northrop Grumman; Howard O. Weissman, Esq.,
Assistant General Counsel - International, Lockheed Martin Corporation; Jane L.
Wexton, Esq., Director, Global Compliance, General Electric Capital Corporation


* "The Worldwide Fight Against Corruption: What the Future Holds," Nancy Zucker
Boswell, Esq., Managing Director, Transparency International - USA

The conference will be held from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the offices of Morgan,
Lewis & Bockius LLP, 101 Park Avenue, 42nd floor.  Those wishing to attend
should call Julie Pedersen at (212) 309-6900.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1997 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.

                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                              May 14, 2012 Monday

Corruption crackdown one of 19 new state laws to go into effect Wednesday

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 727 words


By Milan Simonich

Texas-New Mexico Newspapers

SANTA FE -- Public officials in New Mexico who commit a felony will have more to
lose starting Wednesday.

Those convicted in public corruption cases could be required to repay their
salaries and forfeit their accumulated state pension benefits.

A new state law gives judges the authority to increase the basic sentence by
adding those penalties.

Legislators approved the bill without any dissenting votes and Gov. Susana
Martinez signed it in February.

The corruption crackdown is one of 19 state laws that go into effect Wednesday.

Another of the new laws creates a fund to cover the costs of New Mexico's
medical marijuana program.

Companies licensed to provide cannabis for medical treatment pay the state fees
of $10,000 to $30,000 a year. Rather than that money going into the state's
general account, it will be maintained by the Department of Health to pay for
administration of the medical marijuana program.

"It means the few New Mexico taxpayers who objected to their money going toward
the medical marijuana program no longer have to worry," said the bill's sponsor,
Sen. Cisco McSorley, D-Albuquerque.

New Mexico has about 4,300 patients registered to use medical marijuana.

Also going on the books is a law to improve care for stroke patients, especially
residents of rural areas.

It authorizes the state Department of Health to certify any acute-care hospital
as a primary or comprehensive stroke center, provided that the hospital has been
accredited.

"The result will be more access to critical care," said one of the bill's
sponsors, Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City. He teamed up with Republican Rep.
Conrad James of Albuquerque to write the bill.

It allows the secretary of health to adopt rules to assist and encourage primary
stroke centers to enter into coordinated care agreements with other health-care
providers throughout the state.

This will be accomplished without any increase in the state's costs, Morales
said.

Other new laws include:

* Turning the K-3 Plus pilot project into a permanent program of the state
Public Education Department. The program adds a minimum of 25 instructional days
for disadvantaged students in grades kindergarten through 3.

Legislative analysts say third-graders who participated in K-3 Plus for at least
a year gained 7.5 points in reading, 43 points in writing and 12 points in math
compared to those who did not enter the program.

* Extending for five more years a tax break at New Mexico State University.

It is a deduction from the gross receipts tax for gate admissions at
non-athletic events. Legislators first granted the tax exception in 2007 because
administrators at NMSU said they were at a competitive disadvantage with the
University of Texas at El Paso in booking entertainment.

The new deduction on gross receipts taxes for NMSU lasts through June 30, 2017.
Rep. Mary Helen Garcia, D-Las Cruces, and Sen. Carlos Cisneros, D-Questa,
sponsored the bill.

* Increasing from two to four the number of hunting permits for bighorn rams
that will be raffled or sold through a lottery.

The stakes are high. A lottery for one bighorn hunting permit once brought the
state $190,000, according to the Department of Game and Fish.

Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington, sponsored the bill. Legislators estimate that
the bighorn permits and attendant federal matching funds will bring the state
about $800,000. All of the money will go back into programs to help the bighorn
sheep grow stronger in New Mexico. Bighorns were removed last year from the
state's endangered species list.

* Clarifying a tax break for a uranium enrichment plant near the southeastern
New Mexico town of Eunice. With this change, the plant's utility customers will
not be taxed if they sell a uranium compound before it is enriched.

Utility companies send uranium hexafluoride to the plant as part of a process
for producing nuclear power plant fuel.

* Elimination of the Office of Child Development in the Children, Youth and
Families Department.

* Making the New Mexico School for the Deaf and the New Mexico School for the
Blind and Visually Impaired eligible to seek money for certain capital projects.
Sen. Cynthia Nava, D-Las Cruces, sponsored the bill establishing this change.

Santa Fe Bureau Chief Milan Simonich can be reached at msimonich@tnmnp.com or
505-820-6898. His blog is at nmcapitolreport.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 22, 2012, Wednesday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4C

LENGTH: 557 words


Feds say state corruption hotline generating cases

WHEELING - Federal prosecutors in northern West Virginia have at least eight
active public corruption cases under investigation and may be announcing
prosecutions soon.

U.S. Attorney William Ihlenfeld's office launched a Public Corruption Hotline in
April and has gotten about 200 tips.

Ihlenfeld calls the response overwhelming.

He tells WTOV-TV that most have involved corruption by public or appointed
officials.

He says announcements about some of those cases could come in October or
November, while others may not be prosecuted until next year.

The team is supported by State Police, the FBI and the Internal Revenue Service,
as well as the Secretary of State's Office, the West Virginia Ethics Commission
and the state Commission on Special Investigations.

The hotline number is 1-855-WVA-FEDS. Tips can also be emailed to
wvafeds@usdoj.gov

Agency: McDowell needs more foster parents

WELCH - McDowell County has the highest rate of child abuse and neglect in West
Virginia, and the least number of foster homes for mistreated children.

West Virginia Public Broadcasting says the annual KIDS Count survey shows 46
percent of students in the county don't live with their biological parents.

Joanne Boileau is regional director of the Children's Home Society, and she says
the need for foster families is great.

She says rampant drug abuse contributes to the problem. Boileau says the only
family that was fostering children adopted two and are no longer taking in more
kids.

Private agencies such as Pressley Ridge don't have foster homes in McDowell
County, either.

Boileau urges people who think they can't handle foster parenting to reconsider.
Many underestimate their capacity to nurture.

Beckley Police chief orders evidence room review

BECKLEY - An internal inventory of the Beckley City Police Department's evidence
holding room is currently under way.

Beckley City Police Chief Tim Deems told The Register-Herald that he ordered the
inventory but wouldn't provide any further details.

Deems says officials are trying to determine if anything is missing.

Mayor Emmett Pugh said the inventory process would take some time because
officials are going to be very thorough.

Evidence rooms serve as holding facilities for items law enforcement personnel
obtain during investigations. Those items could include money, drugs and guns,
and other things.

Jobless rates fall in 32 state counties in July

Unemployment rates fell in 32 of West Virginia's 55 counties in July.

Workforce West Virginia says 20 counties reported jobless rate increases, while
rates were unchanged in three counties.

Monongalia County tied for the lowest rate in the state at 4.7 percent. Mason
County's 12.2 percent rate was the highest.

West Virginia's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was 7.4 percent, up
four-tenths of a percentage point from June's rate

Marshall pep rally in Charleston sold out

Marshall University's annual athletic pep rally in Charleston is sold out.

The 15th Paint the Capital City Green event will be held Thursday night at the
Charleston Embassy Suites.

Scheduled speakers at the pep rally include football coach Doc Holliday,
athletic director Mike Hamrick and President Stephen J. Kopp.

Proceeds from the event will benefit the Big Green Scholarship Foundation and
the Marshall University Alumni Association.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             May 22, 2008 Thursday

FBI chief: Inquiry into corruption going well

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 493 words



 Click here to search past stories  Video: Watch a Times-KTSM newscast on this
story.

Preventing another Sept. 11 terrorist attack and investigating public corruption
continue to be the top priorities for the FBI, its national director said
Thursday in El Paso.

And Robert Mueller, who has been director since 2001, said he has looked into
the public corruption investigation in El Paso and is comfortable with its
progress because it is similar to previous investigations by the agency.

In the past two years, FBI and U.S. attorney's officials have investigated more
than 1,800 federal, state and local officials on a national level for abusing
public trust.

"This is one area where you need an independent, objective investigative agency,
and the FBI provides that," Mueller said. "I am satisfied that the timing of
this case is appropriate."

The FBI's public corruption investigation began in 2005 and continues today.

It has implicated several elected officials and prominent businessmen, and has
expanded into county government, the school boards and the community college.

Since the investigation was made public, seven people have pleaded guilty to a
number of federal charges including conspiracy, bribery, and mail and wire
fraud.

Mueller said he has no problems with the way the investigation is being handled.

At a news conference at the FBI headquarters in El Paso, Mueller also talked
about the current violence in Juárez. More than 300 people have been killed in
Juárez this year as part of what officials say is an ongoing drug war.

Mueller said the FBI is continually working with and talking to Mexican
officials and local law enforcement agencies about Juárez.

"We have great sympathy for our counterparts and we are working to assure that
the violence does not spill across the border," he said.

Mueller said he could not get into details of what the FBI is doing as it works
with Mexican officials, but he did say they exchange intelligence, help with
training and cooperate in any way they can.

"There is a challenge in Mexico at this time to address the violence among the
cartels," he said.

El Paso police spokesman Officer Chris Mears said the Police Department is also
keeping an eye on developments in Juárez and has some detectives assigned to
various task forces in which the FBI is the lead agency.

"We continue to monitor the violence in Juárez, but it is not something we
believe will spill over," Mears said.

Mueller said that since Sept. 11, 2001, attacks in New York City and Washington,
D.C., the FBI has done a good job of preventing another terrorist attack from
striking the United States.

"We now have over 100 joint anti-terrorism task forces," he said. "It is our
number one priority. We as an organization never again want to see an attack
such as that one."

In El Paso, he said, fighting terrorism means keeping tabs on any criminal
activity along the border.

Ramon Bracamontes may be reached at rbracamontes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6142.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FBI director Robert Mueller said the El Paso corruption investigation
is proceeding at a "comfortable pace" at a press conference during his visit to
the El Paso FBI office at 660 N. Mesa Thursday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 June 03, 2013

Corruption Still Constitutes 10 Percent of Operating Costs

LENGTH: 488 words


Managing Director/Chief Executive, International Energy Services Limited, IESL,
Dr. Diran Fawibe, has argued that high level corruption still constitute about
10 percent of production costs, which is compounded by the dearth of
infrastructure, particularly power shortages.

According to him, Nigerians do not feel the President is committed to the fight
against corruption because in spite of all that are being said, corruption is on
the increase.

"We see an inverse relation because in spite of the 'fight' corruption is still
on the increase, which implies that corruption is fighting back. But if we are
very proactive about the fight, there will be a reduction, which means that we
haven't yet proffered a solution to fighting corruption effectively.

"Note that the corruption we are talking about here is not the one at the lower
levels, but corruption at the highest level among people in government and
positions of leadership. This is why the incidence is not reducing."

Fawibe further argued that the insecurity in the system is a big disincentive to
foreign direct investment, FDI, saying, "At the just-concluded OTC in Houston
Texas, all the foreigners who spoke, cited insecurity as a limiting factor to
investment.

"The shortage of power is still a very great impediment to development, and
Nigeria will not witness much jobs creation due to lack of power. The cost of
direct generation of electricity by homes and businesses is very huge.

"So if power and corruption can be tackled effectively operating costs will be
reduced significantly. Mind you we have identified these problems over and over
again, but it is how they are being tackled that will indicate whether we are
making progress or not."

Specifically, while he agreed that there may be some growth in some sectors of
the economy, but with regard to the oil and gas sector, he said not much had
changed basically because of the uncertainties over the non-passage of the
Petroleum Industry Bill, PIB.

The big difference he noted in the sector are two major projects worth over
$20billion from France's oil giant's Egina project constituting about
$18billion, and America's ExxonMobil's Erha North project. "So this is a pass
mark for the government in getting two of the international oil companies, IOCs
to start two major oil projects in the country worth over $20 billion.

"Also, I know that some others are equally considering some investments, but is
the PIB is passed early enough will put their anxieties to rest."

He noted that while the Total and ExxonMobil's projects are a huge spend in the
industry, there may not be much job creation because the industry is more
technology-driven than people- driven. As such, he added that this is where the
Nigerian Content Development Management Board, NCDMB, comes to the rescues in
ensuring that more jobs are domiciled in-country from the $20billion, in order
for more Nigerians to get some of the industry jobs.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                  Main Edition

AJC INVESTIGATION;
Public corruption cases rise

BYLINE: David Wickert, Bill Rankin; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1790 words



HIGHLIGHT: Metro area among top districts for corruption convictions in U.S.


A county commissioner swaps her vote for $30,000 in casino chips. A public works
supervisor demands $18,000 from a construction contractor looking for county
work. A detention officer pockets more than $26,000 to help distribute drugs at
the jail.

These former metro Atlanta officials are now convicts. And their cases are part
of a growing number of public corruption cases pursued by federal authorities in
the metro area.

An analysis of federal crime statistics by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
shows the number of public corruption convictions here has spiked in recent
years. The federal judicial district that includes metro Atlanta now ranks among
the top districts in the country in corruption convictions, the newspaper found.

Law enforcement officials say an increased emphasis on nabbing corrupt officials
--- not necessarily an increase in corruption --- accounts for the rise in
convictions.

But federal prosecutors say the consequences of corruption --- including wasted
tax dollars and broken public trust --- are real.

In one recent federal case, a Fayetteville man was charged with stealing more
than $2.7 million from the U.S. government while he was an Army captain in Saudi
Arabia. Other cases --- including an ongoing federal corruption investigation in
Gwinnett County --- involved bribing public officials to approve contracts or
real estate developments.

Jim Regan of Lawrenceville leads a group that wants to remake the Gwinnett
County Board of Commissioners to discourage corruption. He said taxpayers get
stuck with the bill for public officials' bad behavior.

"We're the ones that pay too much for various properties," Regan said. "We get
to pay your legal defense. Then we get to pay to incarcerate you."

The AJC analyzed a decade of public corruption convictions in 93 federal
judicial districts across the country. Among the newspaper's findings:

*The number of convictions in the Northern District of Georgia, which includes
metro Atlanta, rose sharply from just 6 in 2006 to 32 in both 2010 and 2011.

*The district ranked 51st in the country in corruption convictions in 2006. But
in 2010 and 2011 it ranked 6th out of 93 districts.

*For the 10-year period from 2002 to 2011, the Northern District of Georgia saw
181 public corruption convictions, 22nd among the 93 districts. It trailed such
famed corruption capitals as New Jersey (429 convictions), Chicago (370) and
South Florida (284).

The statistics don't provide a definitive answer to the question of which
regions are the most corrupt. They include only federal convictions, not local
prosecutions. The statistics also might reflect variations in population and the
different priorities of federal prosecutors in different districts.

But Dick Simpson, a University of Illinois-Chicago professor who has analyzed
federal corruption convictions, believes they are the best measure available of
relative corruption levels in different parts of the country. He called metro
Atlanta's steady rise in the rankings "worrisome."

Region rotten to the core?

With a string of high-profile cases in the news, Steve Ramey of the Founding
Fathers Tea Party Patriots isn't surprised the region has seen an increase in
corruption convictions.

"I do think we are corrupt," Ramey said. "I think that most of Georgia is
corrupt."

Federal officials attributed the trend to aggressive enforcement.

Mark Giuliano, special agent in charge of the FBI's Atlanta field office, said
public corruption investigations are the agency's No. 1 priority. Several years
ago the bureau established the Atlanta Public Corruption Task Force so the FBI
would work with local and state law enforcement agencies and maximize
investigative efforts.

Giuliano said the increase in convictions is at least partly the result of this
realignment of resources. He also cited frequent calls for the public to report
corruption and the dedication of the FBI's staff, who "truly understand the
importance of these investigations."

"The damage caused by such activity can be immense due to large monetary losses
to the taxpayer, the disruption of normal operations of government, as well as
the loss of public trust," he said.

U.S. Attorney Sally Yates said in recent years the FBI has made a concerted
effort to develop sources of information from within law enforcement and
business communities. "They've worked hard on that and we're seeing it pay
dividends now," she said.

Yates declined to give specific examples. But the convictions this year of two
DeKalb County public works officials occurred after a construction company owner
came forward to the FBI and said one of the county officials was trying to shake
him down for $18,000, according to court records. At the FBI's direction, the
private contractor, whose identity has not been disclosed, began working with
agents in an undercover sting, taping conversations and handing over thousands
of dollars in bribes to the two officials.

The FBI used a sting operation to ensnare former Gwinnett County Commissioner
Shirley Lasseter, her son and a man authorities called Lasseter's "bag man."
They were taken in by an undercover FBI agent posing as a businessman who said
he was ready to buy a property on Boggs Road with illicit drug money.

Their arrests --- and subsequent convictions --- had a distinct ripple effect.
Lasseter; her son, John Fanning; and businessman Carl "Skip" Cain took on
undercover roles and secretly recorded conversations with FBI targets. Their
cooperation led to the recent guilty plea of local developer Mark Gary, who
admitted handing over $30,000 in casino chips for Lasseter's vote in 2009 for a
waste transfer station.

Causes and consequences

Observers differ on the causes of corruption.

William Perry, executive director of Common Cause Georgia, a citizen watchdog
group, cited a recent study by the Center for Public Integrity and Global
Integrity --- two Washington-based nonprofits devoted to government reform ---
that found Georgia ranked dead last among the states in the strength of its
public corruption and open government laws.

"Weak laws allow for more corruption," Perry said.

Simpson, the University of Illinois-Chicago professor, said corruption thrives
in areas dominated by political machines. And he said demographics may play a
larger role than ethics laws.

He said corruption flourishes in larger, more diverse areas where politicians
may feel they are "stealing from somebody else." In smaller, homogeneous areas
--- Simpson cited Vermont, which he said has few anti-corruption laws but almost
no corruption --- "you're stealing from your neighbor," he said.

Regardless of the cause, many believe corruption is bad for business.

"If somebody figures your state is corrupt, they may not want to bid on your
project or move their business here," Perry said.

Some residents say corruption also is destroying public trust in government.

That distrust played a big role in the defeat of a transportation sales tax
measure at the polls in metro Atlanta on July 31. And distrust of Gwinnett
County officials in the wake of a series of recent scandals helped sink a
proposal to privatize and bring commercial passenger flights to Briscoe Field in
Lawrenceville.

Regan said Gwinnett commissioners will have to take "some extraordinary steps"
to restore public trust.

Before becoming U.S. attorney, Yates made a name for herself as a corruption
-fighting federal prosecutor. In the early 1990s, she obtained convictions
against a number of Atlanta City Council members in an airport corruption
scandal and, in 2006, she successfully prosecuted former Atlanta Mayor Bill
Campbell.

In an interview last week, Yates said the consequences of corrupt public
officials have lasting effects.

"Public corruption cases really strike at the heart of what our government is
all about," Yates said. "Our system depends on trusting our public officials to
act in the public's best interest. When they use their positions instead to line
their own pockets, it not only undermines the public's confidence in that
individual, but the whole system of government."

ATLANTA CASES

In recent years, federal authorities in Atlanta have seen a spike in public
corruption convictions and investigations. Among them:

*Ex-Gwinnett County Commissioner Shirley Lasseter was sentenced on Sept. 5,
2012, to serve 33 months in prison for her role in a bribery scheme after
attempting to sell her vote on a proposed real estate development project. Her
son, John Fanning, and Hall County businessman Carl "Skip" Cain also were
sentenced to four years and nine months in prison for public corruption and drug
offenses. Developer Mark Gary has pleaded guilty to corruption charges and is
awaiting sentencing.

*Two former Transportation Security Administration officers, Richard Cook and
Timothy Gregory, have pleaded guilty to conspiring and attempting to smuggle
what they believed to be drugs through Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.

*Former DeKalb County Deputy Chief of Police Donald Frank and former DeKalb
Police Lt. Willie Daren Durrett were both convicted of accepting bribes from a
local businessman. They will be sentenced this month.

*Marvie Trevino Dingle, a former Fulton County Deputy Sheriff, was convicted of
accepting more than $2,000 in bribes to distribute cocaine inside and outside
the Fulton County Jail. In June, Dingle was sentenced to serve 41 months in
prison.

*Fidelis Ogbu, a DeKalb County Department of Public Works engineering
supervisor, was sentenced in June to three years in prison for extorting money
from a private construction contractor. In addition, former DeKalb construction
inspector Neacacha Joyner also pleaded guilty to extorting money from a private
construction contractor.

*Jasen Minter and Louis Nock were indicted on federal charges of conspiracy and
theft of more than $2.7 million from the U.S. government while Minter was
serving as an Army captain and Nock as a senior noncommissioned officer in Saudi
Arabia. They are awaiting trial.

*Former Fulton County Jail Detention Officer Brian Anthony was sentenced in
March to serve 10 years in federal prison on drug charges and accepting bribes
of more than $26,000 to further the distribution of drugs inside the county jail
and elsewhere.

*Desi Wade, a U.S. Department of Defense employee assigned to Afghanistan as the
chief of Fire and Emergency Services, pleaded guilty to influencing an
Afghan-based contractor to give bribes to him in return for guarantees of future
contracts. In March, Wade was sentenced to 20 months in prison.

ONLY IN THE AJC

Saturday and Sunday, we brought you an exclusive interview with former Gwinnett
County Commissioner Shirley Lasseter, who pleaded guilty to a bribery charge.
Today, our coverage of corruption in metro Atlanta continues.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Democrats' own ethics trouble 'dulls the message';
But party rated in poll as better able to clean up corruption

BYLINE: Jim Drinkard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 761 words


WASHINGTON -- For the past year, Democrats have been jockeying for the high
ground on congressional ethics, hoping a largely Republican lobbying scandal
would help propel them into the majority come November's elections.

But the issue is proving to be a two-edged sword, as Democrats themselves have
come under scrutiny for allegations of bribery and conflicts of interest.

"You can attack one party for having a lack of ethics, but if any of your own
members have problems, it dulls the message with the American people," said Leon
Panetta, an ex-Democratic congressman from California and chief of staff under
President Clinton. "They begin to put everybody in the same box. It clearly
loses some of its impact as a clean campaign issue."

Carl Forti, spokesman for the GOP House campaign committee, said the "culture of
corruption" argument doesn't worry Republicans. "People vote for a person, not a
party," he said. "We don't think it's going to be effective."

In a USA TODAY/Gallup Poll taken over the weekend, Americans said the Washington
scandals don't have a distinct partisan tilt: 76% say they affect both parties
equally, 15% said corruption involves mostly Republicans and 5% said Democrats.
But respondents gave a 41%-29% edge to Democrats when asked which party would do
a better job of cleaning up corruption.

Democrats facing ethics problems:

*Rep. William Jefferson of Louisiana, who is under investigation of alleged
bribery in connection with helping market broadband telecommunication services
in Nigeria. Former aide Brent Pfeffer and businessman Vernon Jackson have
pleaded guilty. An FBI raid on Jefferson's houses in New Orleans and Washington
last year found $90,000 in cash in his freezer. Jefferson hasn't been charged
and has denied wrongdoing. His attorney, Robert Trout, declined to comment.

*Rep. Alan Mollohan of West Virginia, who directed federal grants to non-profit
groups back home while entering real estate deals with top officials of the
groups. The congressman's personal wealth jumped. Mollohan has defended his
actions as designed to bring economic development to his district, but he had to
step down as the top Democrat on the House ethics committee.

*Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, the subject of staff complaints that he assigned
workers to babysit, chauffeur and tutor his children and pushed aides to do
campaign work on government time. Conyers attorney Stan Brand said the
congressman responded to the charges two years ago and hasn't heard from the
ethics committee since then. Republicans are "looking to increase the Democratic
body count" in response to their own corruption scandals, he said.

Democrats also have taken hits from a run-in between Rep. Cynthia McKinney of
Georgia and a Capitol Police officer, and an early-morning accident in which
Rep. Patrick Kennedy of Rhode Island weaved up a street in his car and struck a
security barrier near the Capitol. He checked into a drug rehabilitation center
Friday.

House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California sought to distinguish her
party's foibles from the scandals that brought down Rep. Randy "Duke"
Cunningham, R-Calif., for bribery and three former Republican congressional
aides who had ties to ex-lobbyist Jack Abramoff. Abramoff, a Republican, pleaded
guilty in January to corruption charges.

"You're talking about two completely different things," Pelosi said Sunday on
NBC's Meet the Press. The Democratic ethics cases are "individual challenges
that those people will have to deal with," she said, noting that she has called
for the House ethics committee to investigate Jefferson. Republicans, she
charged, have a system of "corruption, cronyism and incompetence" that goes
beyond personal indiscretions.

Rep. Rahm Emanuel of Illinois, chairman of the House Democratic campaign
committee, said Republicans have "a governing philosophy" to cozy up to
lobbyists that has led them to favor industries such as oil and pharmaceuticals,
producing higher prices for gasoline and prescriptions. "That is a fundamental
difference," he said.

Panetta said such line-drawing is lost on voters. The best Democrats can hope
for is a repeat of 1994, he said, when voters -- angered over misbehavior by
members of both parties in a House bank scandal -- turned 38 incumbents out of
office. "It hurt the party in power the most," Panetta said.

That year, the Democrats lost the House majority they had held since the 1950s.
Using corruption as a campaign theme is "still a pretty good strategy, but I
wouldn't put it at the top of my list of attack issues," Panetta said.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Steve Conley, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY/Gallup Poll of
521 adults Fri. - Sunday (Pie chart)
PHOTO, B/W, Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images
PHOTO, B/W, Jerry S. Mendoza, AP
PHOTO, B/W, Jason Reed, Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            August 12, 2010 Thursday
                                   L2 Edition

Our laws protect corruption

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 603 words


Our laws protect corruption

Why are Illinois politicians so often corrupt? Because they can be.

Illinois wiretapping and eavesdropping laws require consent of all conversation
participants prior to recording, instead of only one participant. This law
shields corrupt politicians from accountability behind a guise of privacy.

Operating behind a veil of secrecy, it is not surprising that so many
politicians have made bad decisions and succumbed to temptation. A
whistle-blower who records a conversation without a court order can be
convicted, while the exposed corruption goes unpunished. Perhaps if this law is
changed, corruption will more easily be brought into the open and purged. Until
then, the only way a corrupt politician can have his own words used against him
is if he consents to it (short of a court order). It is no wonder Illinois
politics are so corrupt, our own law protects corruption.

Thomas Hill

Lake Villa

Why am I not

surprised?

Once again a local police department makes a blunder causing an innocent person
to lose a substantial portion of his life and freedom because of their inept
bungling as in the case of Jerry Hobbs.

We certainly had DNA testing available five years ago and if a simple DNA test
had been performed, then Jerry Hobbs would have gone free.

I watch the coverage again and again of police investigations and it is apparent
we don't get the brightest and the best to work as police officers in Chicago
and its suburbs.

This is why we have to have the latest, up-to-date, most sophisticated
technology available so police officers have a chance against the criminal
element. But when, for no apparent reason, the police fail to use the available
technology in their investigations it shows something is sorely lacking in the
people employed by our local police departments.

And now Lake County State's Attorney Michael Waller does not even offer as much
as a simple apology to Mr. Hobbs for this conduct. Such audacity and arrogance
must not be tolerated.

Mr. Waller should resign and the people of Lake County need to get involved in
their police departments to ensure this behavior is not repeated.

Richard Hale

Chicago

Better immigration coverage needed

Multiple polls tell us that at worst, 50 percent of the population polled favor
enacting and enforcing the immigration law in Arizona, and at best this number
is more than 60 percent. Why does the media feel compelled to only cover the
indignation and protests of those who support the illegals?

Interestingly, why does the media not question who these supporters are and why
they are in fact supporters?

Look a little closer, do some investigation -- isn't this what news media is
supposed to do?

I think if you were to look, you would find that most of the protests are
sponsored by labor unions and political groups with axes to grid and potential
new voters and dues-payers to sign up. Instead of pursuing this agenda, how
about some protests for security and enforcement first?

Why are people so opposed to national identification cards -- what do they have
to hide?

Personally, I think the government should issue the cards, based on the cost
savings for denying services to those who are ineligible to receive the services
they are currently receiving. I am willing to bet this system will pay for
itself and produce a surplus. Come on people, start thinking with common sense:
see the negative impact of illegal immigrants on society.

News media -- try covering both sides and stop pushing your agenda as opposed to
the people's agenda.

Government -- listen to the majority or face replacement in the next election.

Lee Goldberg

Vernon Hills

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            January 7, 2012 Saturday

Letters: Corruption rampant

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 697 words


Corruption rampant

There doesn't seem to be an end in sight to the number of El Paso's past and
present prominent elected officials and one-time respected private businessmen
who have engaged in public corruption thinking that they would never get caught.

All those involved in the corruption have two elements in common -- greed and
stupidity.

One can only call it stupidity when intelligent individuals, who are doing well
and have much to be grateful for, jeopardize and destroy their careers and
besmirch their reputations and family names.

They bring shame and stress to themselves and their family members; and they
risk serving time in a cell, all because of the greed for money and/or power.

There has been a lack of transparency and oversight from those who were supposed
to be doing their jobs, but instead looked the other way.

This helped create a modern pirate culture. One must wonder how long this has
been going on.

Also, that most charged are Democrats of the old guard cannot be a coincidence.

The party needs to clean house or risk tarnishing the images of those members
who are ethical and have values.

Richard Perales

Northeast El Paso

Voters' favorites

I am a conservative Republican, but in the Democratic Primary, I will vote for
Silvestre Reyes.

I don't agree with his politics in the least, but the alternative, Beto
O'Rourke, is totally unacceptable.

I will also vote for Theresa Caballero for Criminal District Judge No. 1 since
she has shown to be courageous and ultra-responsible in protecting the votes of
the citizens.

She did not shrink or cower when Mayor Cook decided to become god of El Paso.

Sandra Villasecor

East El Paso

Copper thievery

I was just reading about how thieves stole copper from phone boxes in Florida,
rendering hundreds of people phoneless.

As we all know (I hope), copper is extremely valuable and widely used by all of
us in America and the world. It's so expensive now that thieves are targeting
it, as if it's gold.

Let's go back just a few years and let's remember how El Paso politicians (all
of them Democrats, by the way) were proud of shutting down Asarco right here in
our backyard.

Asarco was a producer of refined copper.

I'd like to see all of them volunteer to strip all copper from their homes and
vehicles to demonstrate to us all how we can do without copper.

Ed Sanchez

West El Paso

Liked op-ed

Once upon a time, El Paso hosted two daily newspapers, the center-right El Paso
Times and the center-left Herald-Post. They shared several departments and one
physical plant.

Declining circulation doomed the Herald-Post and the Times' editorial slant
trended even more conservative.

By the 2008 election, the tone had become blatantly partisan.

With a new editor at the helm, the Times cautiously trimmed its bias, and on New
Year's Day 2012, I was astounded to find a guest editorial by UTEP prof John
McClure occupying the place of honor where I was accustomed to seeing far-right
screeds.

He handily and resoundingly demolished the tea party's most cherished beliefs. I
was so impressed.

Keep it up!

Matt Carroll

Central El Paso

Rename paper

Why don't you just rename the newspaper "The El Paso Religious Times?"

I can't believe you're putting yet another religious item in a newspaper that
already has far too many.

I guess the Friday Living section filled with religious articles is not enough.
Now there's a daily Bible reading in the Living section.

Why are you turning the Times into a church bulletin? It makes no sense to
deliberately alienate your non-Christian readers.

Times readers who want daily Bible quotes can go to the source.

There's no reason for you to waste valuable space in the paper on them.

The Times is a mere shadow of what a quality newspaper should be, and you do
everything possible to make it worse.

Exactly how do you think adding more religion will improve the Times' value to
readers?

I am very disappointed in the Times staff for taking this unnecessary, divisive
and exclusive action that only further erodes the usefulness of the paper.

I had hoped for positive changes with the new editor, but apparently, at best,
it's just going to be business as usual, or, as in this case, a huge step
backward.

Terry Sunday

West El Paso

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

'US political system awash in money and corruption': Analyst

LENGTH: 253  words


The US government is an undemocratic "oligarchy" where members of Congress are
awash in corruption and are "thoroughly disconnected" from the American people,
a writer and political analyst in Boston says.

US lawmakers are a group of wealthy individuals who have "very little in common"
with the people who elected them, said Daniel Patrick Welch, an antiwar activist
and outspoken critic of US foreign policy.

"You don't have a democracy at all, you have an oligarchy and that's why there
is so little distinction between the parties, especially in terms of foreign
policy," Welch told Press TV on Monday.

"So that idea that these officials are democratically elected or that they are
chosen by the people is a complete farce, the system is thoroughly awash in
money and corruption," he added.

Welch cited recent studies that show the American people have no control over
government policies.  "You can no longer say that this is a democratic system
where people are fighting for the right of the people."

The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday that the US Justice Department is
expected to file corruption charges against Senator Robert Menendez as early as
this week.

Federal prosecutors specializing in public corruption cases are preparing to
file charges against the Democratic senator from New Jersey, according to people
familiar with the inquiry.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has been probing Menendez for more
than two years to see whether he took things of value from a friend and donor in
Florida.

AHT/GJH

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 19, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

In NYC, morale low for police and public

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The commissioner of the nation's largest police force showed up for roll call
Monday at a somber Harlem precinct house where 14 officers were stripped of
their shields, handcuffed and arrested last week.

For days, the city's newspapers have been plastered with photos of 14 officers
charged with selling drugs, protecting dealers and acting like the thugs they
were supposed to put behind bars.

With the promise of more arrests in what is already the biggest corruption
shake-up in a decade for the 31,000-officer department, Police Commissioner
William Bratton's afternoon visit to 30th precinct house was no easy pep rally.

As tight-lipped officers filed into the brick-and-concrete station house,
passersby continued to gawk at what has become a hall of shame.

"Anyone who wants a transfer can have one, but we're encouraging" officers who
want to be part of turning the precinct into a national model "to stay," said
Bratton.

The arrests - including two officers facing possible life sentences for drug
sales - are the legacy of two years of investigation by city and federal
agencies. They were foreshadowed in testimony at corruption hearings last year
that revealed rogue cops who stole drugs and money and brutally enforced their
will without fear of official action.

While not systemic - the way New York police corruption was a generation ago
during the famous Serpico corruption case - experts say the current corruption
is more brutal, corrosive and ultimately destructive. And while they salute the
public effort to clean house, they say much more is needed, including:

-- Arresting and firing supervisory sergeants and lieutenants. "Until you do
that, this will not have a great impact," says ex-assistant chief Aaron
Rosenthal.

-- Initiating more sting operations and integrity tests.

-- Defining corruption as a crime by police and creating an urgent and hostile
climate toward it within the police bureaucracy. "Effective law enforcement
means no tolerance, period," says Mark Moore of Harvard University.

Establishing a full-time watchdog to hold hearings, issue reports on corruption
and audit the police department's internal affairs.

The Mollen Commission, which began investigating corruption under former mayor
David Dinkins, is expected to recommend an external monitor in its final report
next month. Some experts say New York already is doing a better job of weeding
out bad cops than many other cities.

"Catching corrupt cops requires going fishing. Most police departments expect
the fish to jump out of the water," says Larry Sherman of the Crime Control
Institute. "New York at least casts out its line."

Police corruption comes as little surprise to most New Yorkers. They know
there's big money in drug-dealing, and cops - either lured by the desire to have
a share or frustrated by their failure to make a dent - are susceptible.

"There's nothing new about this. What's unusual is the way it's mushroomed,"
says Herb Kessler, 46, who owns a coin laundry near the precinct.

On the streets, in the barber shops and bodegas, residents in the largely
Dominican neighborhood say they've grown accustomed to police corruption and
brutality.

Some businessmen said that corrupt or not, the officers were the only ones who
stood between them and criminals. Others talked with compassion about how the
shake-up was soiling the reputation of many good cops among the 191 officers in
the 30th precinct.

Some didn't think the arrests went far enough. "They've just touched the
surface," says Mario Pimentel, 33, a doorman. "I know that for sure."

Many residents scoffed at the arrests solely of street-level officers, while
higher-ranking officers went unpunished. Corruption, they say, doesn't start
with rookies. "Even a blind man can see," says C.J. Monroe, 45.

For all the arrests and media conferences, coin laundry attendant M. Horton, 51,
says she'll wait to see what happens. "If I look out that window in June and
July, and I don't see (drug dealers) on those four corners like little armies,
then I'll believe something has changed."

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Richard Drew, AP; PHOTO, b/w, Mark Lennihan, AP

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 30, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. OFFICIALS SEE SWEEPING EFFORT TO COMBAT MUNICIPAL CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 2660 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 29


Federal prosecutors say they are waging an unparalleled campaign against
municipal corruption in New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Washington and other
major cities around the country.

In the last few years their efforts have led to scores of indictments and
convictions of city officials who have been tied to a broad assortment of
crimes, including bribery, theft, perjury and conspiracy.

The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation say the recent
prosecutions are a result of tougher laws, smarter use of informers and improved
techniques of electronic surveillance. Even more important, they say, was a
decision several years ago to put a new emphasis on rooting out municipal
corruption.

Political Motives Charged

A pair of investigations in New York, one led by Federal prosecutors and one in
which they are aiding city officials, resulted last week in charges against
three former city officials, including Stanley M. Friedman, the Bronx Democratic
leader who once served as Deputy Mayor.

Federal investigations elsewhere have thrown city governments into disarray,
tarnishing the reputations of important municipal leaders.

The prosecutors, who are mostly Republican, brush aside criticism from
Democratic mayors and others who say the investigations are politically
motivated. Some Democrats, including Mayor Koch of New York, have praised the
Federal effort.

''It's fair to describe this as a historic period,'' said Joseph E. diGenova,
the United States Attorney in Washington. ''This is a crisis point for
municipalities. It is a period that will tell the tale for the future of city
governments.''

' Stephen S. Trott, the Assistant Attorney General in charge of criminal cases
at the Justice Department, said: ''We've got a full-court press on this stuff.
It's absolutely clear to me that there have been increased efforts to find
public corruption.''

Gerald E. McDowell, a career prosecutor who has led the Justice Department's
public integrity section since the Carter Administration, said: ''Some of these
cases you've been reading about have been under way for a long time. It's the
result of a lot of years.''

The broadened efforts of Mr. McDowell and other Federal prosecutors are
reflected in figures compiled by the department.

The report shows that the number of public officials prosecuted under Federal
laws has risen sharply in the last 10 years. In city and other local governments
alone, 230 officials were indicted or convicted of Federal crimes in 1975.
Within a decade, the annual total neared 500.

Law-enforcement officials say that several city governments are the subjects of
Federal investigations that have not yet been publicized. ''We'll be seeing more
of this,'' said Mr. Trott. ''There are a lot of investigations going on.''

Investigations in 5 Cities

Among the large cities where Federal investigations have already been disclosed
are these:

* New York, where prosecutors are trying to determine whether bribery was a
pervasive influence in the awarding of city contracts. The bribery investigation
has led prosecutors to allegations of other wrongdoing in the city's government.
The authorities say the growing investigation could last more than two years.

* Chicago, where Federal investigators are studying allegations of payoffs by
businesses seeking city contracts. There have been no arrests, but aldermen
allied with Mayor Harold Washington have acknowledged that they are under
scutiny by the F.B.I. The city's courts are under siege in a separate Federal
investigation that has produced 50 indictments since 1980. Nine local judges
have been indicted.

* Washington, where Mayor Marion S. Barry Jr.'s chief political aide pleaded
guilty late last year to Federal charges of defrauding the city government of
$190,000. A Federal grand jury is investigating the city's former Deputy Mayor,
who resigned earlier this month after acknowledging that he took $3,000 from
auditors doing business with the city. He has denied wrongdoing. Other former
city officials are facing indictment.

* Philadelphia, where the Police Department is in the middle of one of the
largest shake-ups in its history after 31 police employees, including a former
deputy commissioner, were indicted on corruption charges by Federal grand
juries.

* Boston, where several city officials have been charged in a major Federal
investigation of corruption involving real estate developers and city building
inspectors. One of the city's largest landlords was indicted last September on
charges of bribing an inspector and lying to a grand jury.

Democrats Monopolize Cities

All five cities are run by Democrats, which has led some municipal leaders to
charge that the investigations were motivated by the politics of a Republican
administration in Washington.

In public statements, Mayor Washington in Chicago and Mayor Barry in Washington
have criticized the prosecutors. ''Root it out,'' Mayor Washington recently said
of corruption in his city. ''But root it out in a way that you don't leave a bad
taste in the mouths of people.''

Some legal scholars also contend that politics may be playing a role.
''Republican administratons traditionally go after big-city corruption because
big cities are traditionally run by Democrats,'' said Herman Schwartz, a law
professor at American University who is a frequent critic of the Justice
Department under President Reagan.

But prosecutors deny the charge, noting that some of the investigations,
including the court inquiry in Chicago, began before the Reagan Administration.
They point out that the F.B.I. Director, William H. Webster, who has devoted new
resources to investigate corruption in Democratic city governments, was
appointed by a Democratic President, Jimmy Carter.

''People don't plead guilty to these crimes because of politics,'' said Mr.
diGenova, who has led the corruption investigation in Washington.''People plead
guilty because they are guilty.''

Charge in Capital Disputed

Mr. diGenova recently prosecuted Ivanhoe Donaldson, a civil rights leader who
was described as the architect of Mayor Barry's political career. After Mr.
Donaldson pleaded guilty to the systematic diversion of thousands of dollars in
government money for his own use, Mr. diGenova said the case pointed to ''raw
corruption'' in the city's government. The Mayor has angrily denied the charge.

The fact that so many of the investigations have surfaced publicly in recent
months is only part coincidence, prosecutors agree. They say it is instead the
culimination of an effort begun more than a decade ago to improve the Federal
Government's ability to root out municipal corruption.

Mr. McDowell, the Justice Department prosecutor, said the new emphasis was tied
to passage of tougher racketeering laws in the 1960's and early 1970's.

''They were ideally suited to attack corruption, and Federal prosecutors started
using them as tools,'' he said. ''It's like a learning curve. The more they used
it, the more they realized they could make an impact, and a big impact.''

As prosecutors educated themselves about city government and how corruption can
operate, so did agents of the F.B.I. ''We've certainly learned as time has gone
on, benefiting from our past investigations,'' said Larry A. Potts, chief of the
bureau's public corruption unit. Prosecutors also agree that Watergate and
subsequent Government scandals sparked new efforts to root out corrupt
government officials.

At the same time, techniques of electronic surveillance have grown increasingly
advanced, and investigators have used listening devices in a series of
investigations. ''Electronic surveillance was a great watershed,'' said Anton R.
Valukas, the United States Attorney in Chicago, who is prosecuting cases of
courtroom corruption in Chicago.

Use of listening Devices

He said that advanced electronic eavesdropping deserves substantial credit for
the investigation's success. Investigators have bugged telephones, city offices
and the chambers of a Chicago judge.

Mr. Valukas has asserted that electronic devices are often the only way of
catching corrupt public officials. ''Typically, corrupt activities are matters
which are done one-on-one,'' he said.

Informers have also played an important role in the investigations. Federal
officials say the related investigations in New York and Chicago have a key
informer in common, Michael Raymond, a convicted swindler. The way in which the
authorities used Mr. Raymond, they say, offers an example of how far the
Government has come in understanding how muncipal corruption can operate.

''I think it's possible that many years ago we wouldn't have known how to put
him to work effectively,'' said a law-enforcement official knowledgable about
the case. ''We've learned a lot, and Raymond and others are going to prove it.''

In 1984, law-enforcement officials arrested Mr. Raymond on weapons charges in
Nashville. He was then working as a representative for the Systematic Recovery
Service, a debt-collection agency seeking contracts in Chicago and elsewhere to
collect overdue parking fines.

In hope of leniency, officials say, Mr. Raymond agreed to go to work for the
F.B.I. and lead them to Chicago politicians willing to accept payoffs in
exchange for granting city contracts. In the course of conversations between Mr.
Raymond and another company official, investigators learned of bribery schemes
in New York as well.

Gaining Testimony From Police

Federal prosecutors in Philadelphia have faced additional problems in dealing
with informers in their four-year-old investigation of corruption in the city's
police department.

They had to break the department's tradition of not speaking against fellow
officers to get police officers to expose colleagues who were involved in a
scheme that turned parts of the police department into a racketeering
enterprise. So far, more than a dozen police officers have agreed to cooperate
with the investigation.

''We turned the tide in the conspiracy of silence, and once we had the momentum,
we kept it,'' said Howard B. Klein, chief of the corruption section of the
United States Attorney's office in Philadelphia.

According to investigators, police officers accepted payoffs to overlook vice
operations, including prostitution and numbers rings. The highest ranking
official caught in the investigation was the police department's deputy
commissioner, James J. Martin.

In 1984, Mr. Martin was convicted of running an elaborate scheme that extorted
more than $350,000 in bribes from gambling operators. Said Mr. Klein: ''We were
shocked that the corruption reached so high.''

FIGURES IN NEW YORK CITY CORRUPTION INQUIRIES

Eight more people were indicted on charges of corruption last week as New York
City and Federal investigators continued their inquiries into almost a dozen
areas of municipal government. Those areas include contracts between private
debt-collection companies and the Parking Violations Bureau and other city
agencies; the Taxi and Limousine Commission; the granting of franchises to cable
television companies; the awarding of lucrative court appointments in Queens,
and possible political corruption in the Bronx and Queens Democratic
organizations. The following people have been named thus far in indictments or
in criminal complaints filed in court: Donald R. Manes Former Queens Borough
President and Queens Democratic leader xhrrNamed by United States Attorney for
Manhattan as unindicted co-racketeer in charges involving bribery and extortion
at the Parking Violations Bureau, and as a recipient of bribes paid by
contractors for the agency. Named by Manhattan District Attorney as having
corruptly used his influence to persuade the Board of Estimate to approve a
$22.7 million contract to Citisource Inc. for a hand-held computer for
traffic-ticketing agents. Committed suicide March 13. Stanley M. Friedman
Chairman, executive committee of the Bronx Democratic County Committee;
director, Citisource Inc. xhrrIndicted March 27 by a Manhattan grand jury on
charges of conspiracy, securities fraud, grand larceny, forgery, tampering with
public records, bribery and receiving bribes relating to the sale of stock in
Citisource Inc. and its procurement of a city contract. Geoffrey G. Lindenauer
Former deputy director, Parking Violations Bureau xhrrPleaded guilty March 10 to
Federal charges of racketeering and mail fraud as part of an agreement with
United States Attorney for Manhattan and Manhattan District Attorney to provide
information and testify against others in Parking Violations Bureau
bribery-extortion scandal and cases involving the granting of a city contract to
Citisource Inc. Lester N. Shafran Former director, Parking Violations Bureau
xhrrIndicted March 26 by a Federal grand jury on charges of racketeering,
racketeering conspiracy and mail fraud. Also charged with receiving bribes from
Systematic Recovery Services, a collection agency doing business with the
Parking Violations Bureau. Michael J. Lazar Real estate developer; former City
Transportation Administrator xhrrIndicted March 26 by a Federal grand jury on
charges of racketeering, racketeering conspiracy and mail fraud. Charges stem
from the payment of bribes to Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, former director of the
Parking Violations Bureau, to obtain contracts for Datacom Systems Corporation,
for whom Mr. Lazar was a lawyer. Robert R. Richards Former president, Citisource
Inc. xhrrIndicted March 27 by a Manhattan grand jury on charges of conspiracy,
securities fraud, grand larceny, forgery and tampering with public records in
connection with the sale of stock in Citisource and procurement of its contract
with the Parking Violations Bureau. Pleaded guilty to four counts of violations
of business law, conspiracy and grand larceny. Cooperating with District
Attorney's office. Marvin B. Kaplan Chairman, Citisource Inc. xhrrIndicted March
27 by a Manhattan grand jury on charges of conspiracy, securities fraud, grand
larceny, forgery, tampering with public records and bribery in connection with
the sale of stock in Citisource and procurement of its city contract. Albert J.
Kaplan Director, Citisource Inc. xhrrIndicted March 27 by a Manhattan grand jury
on charges of conspiracy, securities fraud, grand larceny, forgery, tampering
with public records in connection with the sale of stock in Citisource and
procurement of its city contract. Marvin H. Kushnick Chief financial officer,
Citisource Inc. xhrrIndicted March 27 by a Manhattan grand jury on charges of
conspiracy, securities fraud, grand larceny, forgery and tampering with public
records in connection with the sale of stock in Citisource and procurement of
its city contract. E. Martin Solomon Vice president, Citisource Inc.
xhrrIndicted March 27 by a Manhattan grand jury with conspiracy, securities
fraud, grand larceny, forgery and tampering with public records in connection
with the sale of stock in Citisource and procurement of its city contract.
Marvin Bergman Lawyer; former law partner of Donald R. Manes xhrrArrested March
26 by the United States Attorney for Manhattan on a criminal complaint of
receiving bribes and splitting the proceeds with Donald R. Manes and Geoffrey G.
Lindenauer to secure contracts from the Parking Violations Bureau for Aid
Associates, a collection agency. Allen Scott Vice president, Datacom Systems
Corporation xhrrArrested March 26 by the United States Attorney for Manhattan on
a criminal complaint of extorting money from a private towing company in return
for giving the towing company business relating to a contract Datacom held with
the Parking Violations Bureau. Sheldon Chevlowe Former New York City marshal
xhrrNamed by United States Attorney for Manhattan as unindicted co-racketeer and
collector and transmitter of bribes in scheme involving Parking Violations
Bureau. Died May 1983.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of District Attorney Robert M. Morganthau with Attorney General
Robert Abrams and U.S. Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani at news conference
(NYT/Marilynn K. Yee)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            November 29, 2015 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

MIDSECTION TO GET RELIEF  FROM STORMS

BYLINE: Compiled from wire services

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-12

LENGTH: 546 words


DALLAS - A slow-moving wintry storm system that has been blamed for more than a
dozen deaths began moving eastward out of Texas on Saturday, but kept coating
some states to the north in ice, making driving dangerous.

The band of storms that has been moving through parts of the Plains and the
Midwest since Thursday has been blamed for at least 14 deaths, including eight
in Texas and six in Kansas. A 70-year-old woman whose car was swept away by
flash flooding Friday in Fort Worth remained missing Saturday.

Although the icy conditions were expected to persist in parts of Oklahoma and
Kansas through the end of Saturday, temperatures today were expected to be above
freezing in the Texas and Oklahoma Panhandles, allowing the region to thaw out,
the National Weather Service said.

On Saturday, authorities in Kansas blamed icy roads for four Friday traffic
deaths near Wichita, adding to two others in the state Thursday.

In central and southwestern Oklahoma, broken ice-covered tree limbs downed power
lines and cut electricity to more than 60,000 customers.

Carson sees refugee camp

AZRAQ REFUGEE CAMP, Jordan - After touring refugee camps in Jordan, Republican
presidential candidate Ben Carson on Saturday suggested that camps should serve
as a long-term solution for millions, while other refugees could be absorbed by
Middle Eastern countries.

"I did not detect any great desire for them to come to the United States," he
told The Associated Press in a phone interview from Jordan.

The retired neurosurgeon toured the Azraq camp in northern Jordan under heavy
Jordanian security, with journalists barred. His campaign also limited access,
not providing his itinerary.

Neiman Marcus problem

NEW YORK - Neiman Marcus extended its Black Friday sales promotion after the
department store chain's website wasn't functioning for a second day Saturday.

The company noted on its Twitter feed in the morning that the site was up and
running, but in the afternoon the site was down again and developers worked to
repair it, a spokeswoman for the company said. The retailer hadn't narrowed down
what the source of the problem was.

Corruption museum

ALBANY, N.Y. - A resident of New York's capital city has an unusual economic
development plan to harness what he says is one of Albany's most abundant
renewable resources: political corruption.

For a $12.50 or so "bribe," visitors to the planned Museum of Political
Corruption will get a tour of the state's long history of crooked politicians,
shady deals and backroom power brokers, as well as a chance to learn about
individuals who have fought corruption and suggested solutions to the state's
chronic problem.

The museum is the idea of Bruce Roter, a professor at Albany's College of Saint
Rose, who is raising money for the museum, which he envisions as an educational
institution and a tourist destination that focuses on the state Capitol's
reputation for corruption.

Pacific storm dissipates

MIAMI - Mexico has canceled tropical storm warnings as Tropical Storm Sandra
weakened rapidly.

The storm's maximum sustained winds decreased early Saturday to 40 mph.

The U.S. National Hurricane Center forecast Sandra to become a remnant low by
early today. The storm was about 115 miles south of Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, and
was moving north at 2 mph.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Price of corruption is taxing

BYLINE: by ERIC HEYL

LENGTH: 514 words


Corruption doesn't come cheap.

That harsh reality must be acknowledged. If Pennsylvania wants to maintain its
lofty status as one of the nation's most unethical states, taxpayers are going
to have to continue to pony up for the privilege.

We can draw that conclusion by synthesizing results of two recent studies
providing ample evidence that the state gets quite a return on its considerable
investment in dishonest elected officials.

Public Administration Review is pored over by public-sector management
enthusiasts as eagerly as is Us magazine by Gladys in the checkout line. In a
study that should make every Pennsylvanian proud, the scholarly journal found
the Keystone State consistently ranks among the top 10 states in public
corruption cases.

To even casual observers of Harrisburg, who have seen former House speaker after
former House speaker shuffle off to the penitentiary, this finding is
unremarkable. But it does beg the question: Is there any tangible benefit to
being such a dirty state, beyond the obvious bragging rights?

You bet.

The study found that states with consistently high public corruption convictions
have the higher taxes that most of us enjoy paying. Turns out that elected
officials with even a modicum of integrity "" a distasteful word, I realize ""
are less likely to award grossly overinflated contracts in exchange for campaign
contributions and kickbacks.

To put it more succinctly, honest politicians would save you money. Be thankful
there are so few of them in Pennsylvania, or the resulting bulge in your wallet
quickly would cause wear marks on your pants pockets.

The downside to all of this splendid news is the relatively high price we pay to
lure the unscrupulous to Harrisburg.

Stateline, the Pew Charitable Trusts' daily news service, found that
Pennsylvania pays its legislators the second-highest lawmaker salaries in the
nation. This finding undoubtedly will startle anyone who wondered why our
lawmakers recently failed to march in solidarity with McDonald's workers
protesting their low wages.

Pennsylvania legislators make a base salary of $84,012, and receive a $157 per
diem when the Legislature is in session, ostensibly to cover travel and lodging
expenses. That's second only to California lawmakers whose base salary is
$90,526 but whose per diems are a relatively paltry $141.

Why do we pay our lawmakers such exorbitant salaries, per diems and annual
cost-of-living increases? Because it's necessary to first recruit only the most
deceitful characters to Harrisburg and then to keep them there. If we don't want
to lose our most unprincipled elected officials to, say, New Jersey, we have to
be willing to fork over $35,000 more a year to our legislators than the $49,000
that the Garden State pays its lawmakers.

It's not an inexpensive investment, but consider this carefully.

If Pennsylvania wants to be in the conversation about the nation's most corrupt
and excessively taxed states, is it really such a high price to pay?

Eric Heyl is a Trib Total Media staff writer. Reach him at 412-320-7857 or
eheyl@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday

U.S. Seeks to Recover $1 Billion in Largest Kleptocracy Case to Date

LENGTH: 719  words


The U.S. government is seeking to recover more than $1 billion in assets tied to
international public corruption and a global money laundering conspiracy in what
Department of Justice officials describe as the largest single action ever
brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative.

At a press conference today, Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch announced civil
forfeiture complaints to recover assets associated with a fund owned by the
Malaysian government that raised nearly $8 billion to benefit the Malaysian
people. Instead, much of the money was diverted by high-ranking fund officials
and their associates to purchase yachts, hotels, a $35 million jet, artwork by
Vincent Van Gogh and Claude Monet, and to bankroll the popular 2013 film The
Wolf of Wall Street.

This fraud went on around the world, said Special Agent Darryl Wegner, chief of
the FBIs International Corruption Unit, which investigated the case along with
the Internal Revenue Services Criminal Investigative Division. At least $1
billion traceable to the conspiracy was laundered through the United States and
used to purchase assets here.

From 2009 through 2015, according to the complaints, more than $3.5 billion in
funds belonging to 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) was allegedly
misappropriated.

The fund was created by the Malaysian government to promote economic development
in that country through global partnerships and foreign direct investment. But
members of the conspiracywhich included 1MDB officials, their relatives, and
other associatesdiverted billions of dollars using a web of shell companies with
bank accounts in Singapore, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and the U.S. These complex
schemes were intended to conceal the origin and ownership of the funds.

The FBI has three dedicated international corruption squadsin New York City, Los
Angeles, and Washington, D.C.to deal with foreign bribery incidents that are
often tied to kleptocracy, the term used when foreign officials steal from their
own governments at the expense of their citizens.

That is basically what we saw in the 1MDB case, Wegner said. And because these
corrupt individuals used the U.S. banking system to hide or launder their
criminal proceeds, the FBI took a lead role in investigating this matter. He
noted that the criminal investigation is ongoing.

Investigators found that at least three sophisticated fraud schemes were used by
those who misappropriated 1MDB assets. In 2009, through the use of shell
companies, 1MDB officials and their associates allegedly embezzled approximately
$1 billion that was intended to be invested in an oil exploration joint venture
with a foreign partner. Co-conspirators allegedly misappropriated another $1.3
billion in funds raised through two bond offerings in 2012 and $1.2 billion
after another bond offering in 2013.

Todays action sends a message to corrupt foreign officials, Wegner said. The
FBI, together with our international partners, will find these individuals and
root out their corruption. He added, We are working very hard to make sure that
the U.S. will not be a safe haven for these types of crimes.

When corrupt officials bring their ill-gotten gains to the United States, they
also bring their corrupt practices and disregard for the rule of law, said FBI
Deputy Director Andrew G. McCabe during todays press conference in Washington,
D.C. That presents a threat to our economy, impacts trade and investment, fuels
the growth of criminal enterprises, and undermines our fair democratic
processes.

The Malaysian people were defrauded on an enormous scale, McCabe said, adding
that the fraud scheme reached around the world, making it beyond any single
agencys ability to effectively investigate. The FBI and the Department of
Justice, he explained, are uniquely positioned to investigate kleptocracy, and
this case was a natural fit for the Bureaus international corruption squads,
which worked in conjunction with the Department of Justice, the Bureaus overseas
offices, and international partners including the Malaysian Anti-Corruption
Commission.

Wegner noted that the leadership of the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission
showed tremendous courage in pursuing the investigation, which was led by the
FBIs international public corruption squad in New York. 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 21, 2008 Sunday

Florida wears U.S. corruption crown

LENGTH: 578 words


By ADAM C. SMITH

Times Political Editor

Tired of seeing Florida constantly at the bottom of national rankings? Take
heart. The Department of Justice says we're No. 1 in one category: corruption.

Compiling federal corruption convictions over the past decade, Florida topped
every other state with 824 convictions of local, state and federal officials -
even Rod Blagojevich's Illinois and even Louisiana, where politicians are said
to be so crooked they are screwed into the ground at burial.

Of course, Florida is more populous than all but three other states, so perhaps
a fairer way to look at it would be per capita corruption cases. In that case,
North Dakota can take a bow as numero uno, and Florida ranks a mere 11th. Rest
assured we have strong potential to move up the list.

Gov. Adam Putnam?

It's a little premature to pin that title on the 34-year-old GOP representative
from Bartow, but there is loads of Buzz about Putnam running for governor in
2014. Step one? Get elected agriculture commissioner in 2010 and have a
statewide office to raise his profile until Charlie Crist finishes his second
term.

Putnam was in Tallahassee last week, stirring speculation he's ready to leave
Washington and mingling with lobbyists at the private Governor's Club along with
state Sen. Carey Baker, R-Eustis, who is officially running for the Cabinet job.

Just before Baker arrived, Putnam's putative successor in Congress, Rep. Seth
McKeel, R-Lakeland, stopped by with Publix lobbyist Randy Roberts. Asked about
the rumor he would try to replace Putnam if the House member runs for
agriculture commissioner, McKeel just smiled.

Current Agriculture Commissioner Charlie Bronson was there, too. "It sure looks
like he's running," he said of Putnam.

Gelber's wing man

Among the often-mentioned Democratic candidates for U.S. Senate in 2010, state
Sen. Dan Gelber may lack the money-raising ability of U.S. Reps. Allen Boyd of
Monticello or Ron Klein of Boca Raton, or Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink, but
the Miami Beach Democrat has a couple key assets the others lack.

One is that Gelber wouldn't have to give up his current office to run. Also, he
has in his corner the hottest Democratic strategist in Florida, Steve Schale,
who led Barack Obama's Florida campaign and is likely to be involved in Gelber's
expected Florida campaign.

Schale said this on his Facebook page: "Dan's life values and his experience
working across the aisle to get things done will suit him well in Washington and
serve the state well. He understands the political and ideological nuances of
Florida and was the most successful House caucus leader in terms of election
wins that our party has ever seen, proving he knows how to win elections. But
moreover, if the race is one against Jeb Bush (a man that once said that Dan
would make a good governor), Dan is uniquely capable to carry the torch. A
skilled prosecutor and uncannily prepared on the issues, there is no one better
prepared to go toe to toe with Jeb Bush."

'Political Connections'

Check out state Rep. Rick Kriseman, D-St. Petersburg on Political Connections
today at 11 a.m. and 8 p.m. on Bay News 9.

Brotherly love

President Bush on whether brother Jeb should run for U.S. Senate: "I think
Florida would benefit a lot. I think the country would benefit a lot. And I
think the Republican Party would benefit a lot. He is a proven leader who, when
given responsibilities, succeeded."

Times staff writer Alex Leary contributed to this week's Buzz.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 10, 1993 Friday

REVIEWS IN BRIEF   TELEVISION"Investigative Reports: Bad Cops   INSIGHTS INTO
POLICE CORRUPTION

BYLINE: JOHN HASLETT CUFF; GAM

LENGTH: 268 words


BY JOHN HASLETT CUFF
 THIS superb two-part (concluding next Friday) documentary examines police
corruption in the United States and explores its impact on the individuals
involved, their families, their colleagues and their communities. The most
insightful sections of this wide-ranging report are provided by several
obviously penitent former police officers who have been convicted of
corruption. There is also an interview with former NYPD detective Robert
Leuci, the central figure in the book and movie Prince of the City.

Boston, Philadelphia, New York City and small-town New Jersey supply
the case histories from which the broader problem is investigated. While
police are increasingly exposed to temptations of easy money and drugs,
corruption has evidently existed as long as there have been police forces.
What is most interesting about the issue is not so much the details -
including protection for organized crime figures, shakedowns of drug
dealers, and cops who use and deal drugs themselves - but the relationship
between such corruption and society at large. The program concludes, not
unreasonably, that police corruption will always exist and that it simply
mirrors the moral decay within the society cops are supposed to serve and
protect.

Investigative Reports, hosted by Bill Kurtis, does not employ the
sleazy and sensationalistic tactics of most mainstream newsmagazines.
There's no sexy music, no jump cuts or jazzy editing, no hidden
microphones, no dramatizations and no reporters sticking their pampered
heads between the viewer and the subject. It's just solid, expository
journalism. What a concept.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            November 3, 2009 Tuesday

'Clean up' county is top mandate of new ethics panel

BYLINE: By Ramon Bracamontes and Darren Meritz / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2663 words


EL PASO -- In a county where indictments and public corruption charges have
become routine, a new and powerful ethics panel is about to go to work.

The El Paso County Ethics Commission will meet for the first time Monday with
nine of the 10 seats filled.

"People are looking at me, at us, to clean up corruption in El Paso County,"
said Stuart Leeds, a lawyer who will be the first chairman of the commission.

Since 2004, El Paso has been infected by public corruption cases that the FBI
says are widespread. The investigation has affected day-to-day operations in
county government and in school districts, and has brought negative attention to
El Paso in government chambers from Austin to Washington, D.C.

So far, 12 people, including some former elected officials, have pleaded guilty
to fraud and bribery charges. Four others, including one elected official,
District Clerk Gilbert Sanchez, are awaiting trial on criminal charges.

Those who pushed hard for a strong ethics commission said corruption stymies a
county's growth and its ability to prosper. So state legislators and county
officials decided the best place to start a reform movement was at the county
level. El Paso County already had an ethics board, but it was powerless.

"The biggest concern we had before was that people didn't even know the ethics
board existed," said Gregory Rocha, a University of Texas at El Paso professor
who was on the old ethics panel. "It took the public corruption investigation to
wake people up. Now, hopefully, this new commission can prevent what was
happening."

What was happening, based on the series of guilty pleas in federal court, was
that elected officials were trading votes for bribes. In addition, contractors
were buying gifts and taking out loans for elected officials.

"The ethics board in the past wasn't equipped with the power to have prevented
any of the improprieties that were occurring here," County Commissioner Anna
Perez said.

"This commission will have the tools and resources to be a watchdog and stop
corruption, but it still comes down to the willingness of everyone to stop it.
I, like everyone else who works here, still have to do my part and report
inappropriate behavior."

State legislators, county commissioners and county employees crafted a bill that
gives the new ethics commission teeth. It can subpoena witnesses, impose fines
up to $4,000 and issue cease-and-desist orders.

Each of the five county commissioners has appointed one member to the ethics
panel, but Commissioner Willie Gandara is looking for a replacement for his
first choice, Chuy Reyes.

Reyes withdrew Friday because he had a conflict. He manages a water district
that has regular dealings with the county government. Reyes is the brother of
Democratic U.S. Rep. Silvestre Reyes.

The other five members of the ethics panel were nominated by organizations, and
then voted on by the county commissioners.

"I can't speak for all of the members, but I know Mr. Stuart Leeds is
strong-willed, and so are several other of the members," Gandara said. "When you
bring them all together, you are going to see that no one individual is going to
lead the others. I think you will see a strong commission."

The ethics commissioners themselves say they hope to make a difference in
keeping government clean.

"Every organization needs a code of ethics that everyone can follow and read.
The key is to make sure every employee, elected official and contractor knows
about it," said David Nemir, who was on the old ethics board and received an
appointment to the new one.

Here is a capsule look at the new commissioners.

Stuart Leeds

A high-profile defense law yer, Leeds was appointed to the ethics panel by
County Judge Anthony Cobos. Almost immediately, Commissioner Perez criticized
Cobos' choice of Leeds.

Leeds had clashed with Perez over a court case, when she advised the district
clerk not to provide him with certain records. Cobos said that Perez's
complaints about Leeds were personal, and that Leeds was exceptionally
well-qualified.

Leeds, 55, also served as Cobos' attorney when Cobos filed a lawsuit against the
county government last summer to prevent the old ethics board from discussing a
grievance against him.

"People know that with me on the board, at least there is one vote ensuring that
no one will be railroaded," Leeds said. "But they also know that with me no one
will be shielded by the board."

In 2004, Leeds brought a court of inquiry against District Attorney Jaime
Esparza. The court of inquiry also looked into alleged coverups within the El
Paso Police Department.

Leeds tries many cases with his friend, fellow defense lawyer Theresa Caballero.
She unsuccessfully challenged Esparza last year in the Democratic primary
election.

Together, Leeds and Caballero recently won an acquittal for a man accused of
raping a teenager. They argued that Esparza had dismissed a rape charge against
a police officer on grounds that the victim lied about her age.

Leeds and Caballero used the same defense for their client, who was 18 when he
was charged with raping a 15-year-old. Jurors gave them a not-guilty verdict.

Leeds received his law degree in 1979 from the University of Texas at Austin and
has a bachelor's degree in criminal justice from the University of Texas at El
Paso.

He retired as a colonel from the Army Reserve's Judge Advocate General Corps.

He has already spent hours going over the state legislation that created the
commission. He said the first order of business for the commission is to rewrite
the ethics code.

"We will go over the code, word by word and change what is necessary," he said.

Gina Palafox

A practicing attorney in El Paso since 1991, she said she had stayed away from
politics and political appointments because she was busy raising a family. That
ended when Commissioner Veronica Escobar appointed Palafox to the ethics
commission.

They are not friends. Pala fox's name surfaced after Escobar decided the
commission needed to have more women. So Escobar withdrew the name of a male
attorney she initially intended to appoint and chose Palafox instead.

"I haven't been involved in the community much, but my work at UTEP got me
interested in serving," said Pa lafox, 47.

A native of El Paso, she is attending the University of Texas at El Paso and
should receive a master's degree in public administration in May.

She is a graduate of Coronado High School, and she received her bachelor's
degree and law degree from Pepperdine University in Malibu, Calif.

She practiced in Chicago before returning to El Paso. After a six-month stint in
the district attorney's office in 1992, she went into private practice.

On Friday nights, Palafox can be found at the Coronado High School football game
because her sons play on the team. She is a member of the Coronado High School
Football Booster Club, the Lincoln Middle School Parent Teacher Association and
the American Youth Soccer Organization.

David Nemir

On paper, Nemir looks like a courthouse insider with ties to several elected
officials. But he says the appearance is incorrect.

Nemir, 54, is a former UTEP professor who ventured out to start his own
engineering business. Through relatives and his professional interest in energy
efficiency, he has ties to Cobos, Perez and County Attorney José Rodríguez.

Perez nominated Nemir for the ethics commission. She and Nemir's wife, Cygne
Nemir, worked together for years at the county attorney's office. Still, Perez
said, she did not know David Nemir.

"I saw him once in a while, but never talked to him."

Nemir said, "I would see her once every two years, and that was it."

Perez chose Nemir as her appointee after she and the rest of the commissioners
interviewed him. Nemir was a member of the old ethics commission and was
supported for a position on the new one by the civil-service commission.

Nemir's company, TXL Group Inc., is an El Paso engineering company that is
developing thermoelectric technology. He sits on a solar energy round table that
is working with Cobos.

Nemir has a doctorate from Purdue University and a master's degree from UTEP.

James Clair

Clair, 64, sees himself as an outsider in terms of government connections, and
that's the way he wants to keep it.

He moved to El Paso in 1996 and has not been involved in courthouse politics or
any other kind of politics. He knows only one elected official, County
Commissioner Dan Haggerty.

They met when Clair decided he wanted to go into the real estate business.
Haggerty was his instructor in a class. Clair works for Casas Bellas Realty.

Clair, who has a master's degree in hospital administration from Xavier
University, was on the former ethics board and asked for an appointment to the
new one.

He declined to discuss his role on the commission or its future, preferring to
wait until its first meeting is held.

Haggerty described Clair as a professional who wants what is best for the
community. "He and his wife volunteer and work with orphans and they help rescue
animals," Haggerty said. "He's just a sharp dude with a level head."

Clair spent 27 years in the Navy. He came to th El Paso area to work as the
health service administrator at La Tuna federal penitentiary in Anthony, Texas.
Before that, he was a faculty member in health administration at George
Washington University in Washington.

Marcos Lizarraga

When Jaime Esparza was elected El Paso County district attorney in 1992, he
selected Lizarraga as his first assistant -- a relationship that would last for
16 years.

Lizarraga, 53, retired in July to run for judge of the state's 168th District
Court. He became interested in the ethics commission, so he applied and was
nominated by the El Paso Sheriff's Civil Service Commission.

His campaign for judge will run concurrently with his time on the ethics
commission. If elected, he would take office in January 2011, just before his
term on the commission would end.

A lawyer for 27 years, Li zarraga has been president of the Mexican American Bar
Association, a founding life fellow of the El Paso Bar Foundation and a
recipient of the prosecutor-of-the-year award from the Texas Narcotics Officers
Association in 1997.

Lizarraga frames his appointment to the ethics commission and his run for state
district judge as two sides of the same coin. He said he wants to show
impartiality on the commission, the way he would on the bench.

"First of all, I wouldn't be running for judge if I didn't think I could put
aside any political biases I had," he said. "The greatest value (to the ethics
commission) is going to be deterring the conduct that created it in the first
place."

Lizarraga described himself as an insider on how the county operates. He said
that would be valuable to the com mission as it evaluates complaints to make
sure county officials are not targeted with unjust accusations.

Susan Barlow

Barlow has not been politically active in El Paso. Never has she attended a
County Commissioners Court meeting or donated money to a political campaign.

Barlow, owner of a human resources firm named HR Choice, regards her distance
from government and politics as an asset as takes her seat on the new ethics
commission.

"I am a very low-key type of person. I'm not necessarily a political type of
person," she said. "I have opinions politically, but I normally keep them to
myself."

Besides being low-key, Barlow is private. She would not share her résumé, and
the county government did not have it on file. Barlow declined even to disclose
her age, but public records show that she is 67 years old. Her full name is
Frances Susan Barlow.

She says she has 20 years of experience in human resource management, and has
developed a strong background in ethics and labor law.

The El Paso Society for Hu man Resources Management nominated her for a seat on
the ethics board. State legislation that enabled formation of the ethics
commission required an appointee nominated by a human resources association.

A brief biography of Barlow on the El Paso Society for Human Resources
Management says she attended "over 16 schools" throughout the South and
Southwest before graduating from Permian High School in Odessa. She said she
attended Odessa Junior College and the University of Texas at El Paso, where she
studied English.

In her Internet bio, she listed certifications as a para legal and in
professional human resource management.

Terry G. Pasqualone

Pasqualone, 65, retired in July after nine years as executive director of the El
Paso County Domestic Relations Office. It works to enforce court orders in
family cases involving matters such as child support.

He tells people that the county commissioners almost always voted 5-0 on issues
he brought before them.

"I think that's indicative of the fact that I don't come with any political
agenda," he said.

Pasqualone comes to the ethics commission with a long history of doing business
at the County Courthouse. He has practiced law in El Paso since the early 1980s
and has been a judge, a mediator and an arbitrator.

The El Paso County Bar Association nominated him to the ethics commission. Pas
qualone said he believed his role on the panel would be to help develop an
ethics code and a fair system for hearing complaints.

Pasqualone was a family court associate judge from 1992 to 1996.

He has never run for office and says he has no political alliances or biases. He
said he intended to remain detached from any political faction for the sake of
the ethics commission.

"We do need to be sure that it's not politicized," he said. "It's very easy for
an ethics complaint to become a real hammer.

"You sometimes hear the term 'witch hunt.' "

Luis Garcia

A fixture in law enforcement in El Paso for nearly 40 years, Garcia counts U.S.
Rep. Silvestre Reyes, D-Texas, among his close friends.

Reyes is the godfather of Garcia's daughter, Georgina. Garcia said his
association with the congressman would not influence or interfere with his role
on the ethics commission.

Garcia, 62, lost the 2008 race for El Paso County sheriff, but said he had no
further political aspirations.

"Although I ran for public office once, I do not plan on running again," he
said. "I learned a lot through that experience, and undoubtedly that experience
will help me while serving on the commission."

Garcia began his career in federal law enforcement in 1970 by first working for
the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service and becoming the agency's
district director.

In 2003, he became director of field operations for Customs and Border
Protection.

The area's dispute resolution centers nominated him to the ethics commission. He
is a trained mediator and volunteers for the county's Dispute Resolution Center.

While working in law enforcement, Garcia made it a point to visit with directors
of El Paso, state and federal agencies, but said the relationships never became
personal.

He said his experience in handling misconduct cases while working for customs
was a distinctive experience that has prepared him for the ethics commission.

David C. Chavez

Spending 62 years in El Paso has given Chavez plenty of opportunity to shape
young minds.

Chavez, a retired teacher who worked for 37 years in the El Paso Independent
School District, has taught karate, is a certified instructor in nonviolent
crisis intervention and has completed coursework with the Texas Institute for
Public Problem Solving.

The El Paso County Civil Service Commission nominated him for the ethics panel.
In his application for the commission, Chavez listed himself a member of the
West Side Citizens' Advisory Board and the El Paso Police Chief's Citizens
Advisory Board.

Chavez could not be reached for an interview, but his résumé indicates that he
was a principal at Jefferson High School for less than a year.

Chavez received a bachelor's degree in political science from UTEP and a
master's degree in education from Sul Ross State University in Alpine.

Ramon Bracamontes may be reached at rbracamonets@elpasotimes.com; 546-6142.
Darren Meritz may be reached at dmeritz@elpasotimes.com; 546-6127.





LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 25, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

13 POLICE SUSPENSIONS: LESSONS OF '68

BYLINE: By MARTIN GOTTLIEB

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 915 words


It has been 18 years since two frustrated New York City policemen, David Durk
and Frank Serpico, went to newspapers with allegations of widespread police
corruption after being all but ignored by their superior officers.

The result was the most recent major scandal to hit the department - one in
which corruption was found to be endemic and widespread.

Since then, the country's largest police department has undergone an era of
upheaval and overhauls. In a peculiar way, several analysts said yesterday,
those sweeping changes were reflected in the suspension Tuesday of 13 police
officers in Brooklyn who were accused of extorting money and drugs from
narcotics dealers.

Unlike the situation in 1968, when the two policemen took their grievances to
the press to get justice, the analysts said, this time the Police Department
took seriously allegations of misconduct - even though they came from known
street criminals.

Willing to Face Questions

The department developed the allegations with the help of an outside prosecutor,
and, in the end, it broke a case that indicates a departmental willingness to
grapple with the unflattering questions it raises about police corruption.

''The department discovered the problem itself and that saves it the
embarrassment of being revealed by someone else,'' said Patrick V. Murphy, the
city's Police Commissioner during the turbulent era dominated by the often-lurid
revelations of graft that formed the basis of the Knapp Commission report on
corruption.

The police department and Mayor Koch also say that the charges appear to be
isolated ones that do not reflect systemic corruption.

Nonetheless, the allegations of corruption raise a host of questions for the
department, which has received 2,000 corruption allegations through August of
this year, about the same amount as last year.

Among the questions the department is facing are how well the anti-graft
programs are holding up, how well street officers are being supervised, and what
corruption risks the most recent departmental initiatives pose.

Those initiatives are part of a trend in law enforcement that is swinging in the
opposite direction from those encouraged by the Knapp Commission, which
counseled, for example, against emphasizing street-level drug arrests in favor
of long-range investigations of higher-level operatives. Among other things, a
de-emphasis on street arrests was designed to severely limit the chances for
corruption by removing opportunities for interaction between police officers and
drug dealers.

By the time Mr. Ward became Police Commissioner nearly three years ago, however,
heroin markets had become so prevalent in some neighborhoods that they attracted
hot dog vendors. Mr. Ward inaugurated the first widespread street sweeps since
the Knapp Commission and a number of other initiatives, including extensive use
of foot patrols, that the post-Knapp police department looked at warily because
of their potential to stimulate corruption-provoking encounters.

Close supervision of police officers was another key recommendation of the Knapp
Commission, which recommended a ratio of one sergeant to every eight officers in
the department. Because of litigation over a recent civil-service test for
sergeant, there are more than 600 vacanct positions for sergeant in the
department, leading to a ratio of one sergeant to eleven officers among
uniformed officers. At a news conference yesterday, Mr. Ward said that the level
was acceptable and was being monitored closely.

Key Results of '68 Scandal

Other key programs that came out of the scandal in 1968 include a greatly
strengthened, 100-member Internal Affairs Division, a system of ''field
associates'' in which officers voluntarily and confidentially report on
suspected wrongdoing in their precincts, and a total of 10 and a half hours of
anticorruption instruction for new recruits at the Police Academy.

Many critics give the department and John Guido, the chief of inspectional
services who runs the operations, high marks for the programs.

Yet, Chief Anthony Bouza of Minneapolis, who had been one of New York City's
most outspoken police commanders during a long career here, said the
field-associate program appeared to be ''atrophying'' although he praised the
department for the suspensions Tuesday.

''I don't see evidence of its success,'' he said. ''If it was really working,
the union would be hysterical, cops would be abusing officers they think are
field associates, and there would be a lot more uncovering of crime.''

'Vigorous Action'

But Thomas Reppetto, president of the Citizens Crime Commission, summed up many
other critics' opinions when he said: ''What is good here is that the Police
Department and the special prosecutor have moved to take vigorous action. We'll
have to wait for further developments to see if its an isolated incident, but
right now this ranks as a major problem, not a major scandal.''

And Mr. Durk still thinks the department's effort is lacking.

''I think the vast majority of cops want to be absolutely straight, but my
impression is that they are hardly welcomed with open arms,'' he said. ''They
normally are told to wear a wire and to testify, which can lead to their being
completely ostracized, and then, there is no support mechanism for those people
afterward.''

This is disputed by high-ranking members of the department, who point to
numerous efforts to encourage whistle blowers to come forward.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of 77th Precinct station (NYT/Chester Higgins Jr.)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                                  April, 1997

Corruption In Global Marketplace Topic For Global Change Conference

SECTION: CORPORATE COUNSEL ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 355 words


To assist companies in navigating the mine field of international corruption,
the Center for Global Change and Governance at Rutgers University - Newark, in
association with Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP and the American Corporate Counsel
Association of Greater New York (NY ACCA), will present a full-day conference on
"Corruption in the Global Marketplace."

This second conference in the Center's 1997 series is scheduled for April 30,
1997 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. and will be held at the offices of Morgan, Lewis &
Bockius LLP, 101 Park Avenue, 42nd Floor, in Manhattan.

The conference will focus on the legal issues stemming from the corruption
confronting companies that operate internationally. Special attention will be
given to the applicability of the FCPA to frequently encountered situations and
to efforts by various international organizations to control the corruption of
the global marketplace.

The keynote presentation will be offered by Brian M. Jenkins, the Deputy
Chairman of Kroll Associates. Other topics include The Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act and Its Basic Elements, by Joseph P. Griffin, Esq., a partner with Morgan,
Lewis & Bockius; FCPA: Case Examples and Recent Decisions, by Martin J.
Weinstein, Esq., a partner with Foley & Lardner; Trends in FCPA Enforcement, by
Peter B. Clark, Esq., Deputy Chief Fraud Section, U.S. Department of Justice;
Managing Corporate Compliance with FCPA, by H. Lowell Brown. Esq., Assistant
General Counsel Compliance, Northrop Grumman, Howard O. Weissman, Esq.,
Assistant General Counsel International, Lockheed Martin Corp., Jane L. Wexton,
Esq., Director Global Compliance, General Electric Capital Corporation; The
Worldwide Fight Against Corruption: What the Future Holds, Nancy Zucker Boswell,
Esq., Managing Director, Transparency International USA. The entire panel of
speakers will discuss Crossing the Mine Field: Liability for Acts of Others,
Promotional Expenses, Facilitating Payments, and Other Burning Questions from
the Real World.

Those wishing to attend the conference should contact Julie Pedersen of Morgan,
Lewis & Bockius at (212)-309-6900.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Brian M. Jenkins

            Copyright 1997 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.

                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 20, 2012 Tuesday

Integrity? Try Jersey

BYLINE: Erik Kriss

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 170 words


ALBANY - New York barely missed failing grades on fighting corruption in state
government.

The state got a "D" and ranked 36th in a national report card of transparency
and anti-corruption measures.

Meantime, New Jersey scored first in the class in the report released yesterday
by the Center for Public Integrity, Public Radio International and Global
Integrity.

The report declared that Albany is defined "by dysfunction and corruption" and
said its mention draws "a guffawing rejoinder followed by 'rats,' 'bums,' or
'thieves.' "

The report card faulted a weak state Board of Elections that rarely enforces
infractions, relatively high campaign contribution limits - including a
"loophole" allowing unlimited donations to state party "housekeeping" accounts
that indirectly support candidates - and an untested new ethics panel packed
with cronies of Gov. Cuomo and legislative leaders.

New York got an "F" for its budget process, pension fund management,
redistricting, and ethics- enforcement agencies.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                   1 Edition

Corruption Conviction

BYLINE: EDMUND H. MAHONY

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 865  words



HIGHLIGHT: FORMER Gov. John G. Rowland is likely to petition the U.S. Supreme
Court to hear an appeal of his corruption conviction.PHOTO: B&W, Jessica Hill |
Associated Press


Former Gov. John G. Rowland has retained a new legal team and appears to be
planning to press another appeal of his most recent public corruption conviction
before the U.S. Supreme Court, recent filings at the nation's highest court
show.

Rowland is represented at the Supreme Court by Washington attorney Noel
Francisco, who sent shock waves through the legal and political worlds in June
when he persuaded the high court to dismiss corruption charges against another
former Republican governor, Robert F. McDonnell of Virginia.

Earlier this month, Francisco filed an application asking the court to extend
the time that Rowland has to petition the justices to hear his appeal. Rowland's
deadline for filing what is known as a petition for certiorari was Sept. 15. The
court's docket shows Francisco asked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to extend the
deadline to Nov. 14 and she granted the application on Tuesday.

Francisco could not be reached Friday.

Rowland has been convicted twice of corruption-related charges, most recently in
2014, when a federal jury in New Haven found him guilty of seven crimes arising
from his efforts to negotiate or create phony business contracts to hide his
role as a paid consultant to congressional campaigns by Mark Greenberg and Lisa
Wilson-Foley from federal campaign regulators and the public.

A three-judge panel of the U.S. 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City
roundly rejected Rowland's appellate arguments in June and upheld the
convictions on all seven charges. Rowland's trial judge, U.S. District Judge
Janet Bond Arterton, sentenced him to 2 ½ years in prison on the
elections-related charges, but has allowed him to remain free on bond while
pressing appeals.

Federal prosecutors in Virginia are still formulating a response to Francisco's
victory in the McDonnell case, which resulted in the dismissal of all charges.

McDonnell was found guilty of public corruption in 2014, and a federal appeals
court upheld that conviction. But the Supreme Court unanimously agreed in June
that the law governing bribery of public officials had been misinterpreted in
the case and ordered the appeals court to reconsider its decision in that light.
Depending upon the review, the Justice Department may have to decide whether to
move forward with a second trial.

The McDonnell decision is viewed widely as making it more difficult to prosecute
public officials for corruption by narrowing the definition of the conduct upon
which a corruption prosecution can be built. The court concluded that only
concrete government actions fit the definition. It said common political acts,
such as arranging meetings or instructing aides to resolve problems, may not fit
the definition, even when politicians take money from the people looking for
government favors.

Rowland appealed his convictions in the campaign fraud case on a variety of
grounds. He claimed principally that he was wrongly convicted under the federal
law that applies to knowingly falsified contracts. He also claimed that federal
prosecutors wrongly concealed information they received from Wilson-Foley that
could have helped his defense. Additionally, he challenged a number of
evidentiary rulings by the trial judge, Arterton.

"We conclude that Rowland was properly convicted (under the contract law)
because he created or participated in the creation of documents that
misrepresented - or 'falsified' - his relationships with the Congressional
candidates, Wilson?Foley and Greenberg, and he did so with the intent to impede
a possible future federal investigation," said the unanimous 2nd Circuit
decision, written by former Yale University deputy general counsel Susan Carney.

The reason Rowland entered into phony contracts to conceal his role as a
political consultant, according to trial testimony, was a desire to enable the
candidates to deny that they were buying advice from someone who had been forced
from office, convicted and imprisoned following the earlier bribery scandal in
2004.

Greenberg rejected Rowland's proposed contract and offer of consulting services.
But Wilson-Foley and her husband, Brian Foley, agreed and were eventually
convicted of conspiring with Rowland. The Foleys tried to disguise Rowland's
campaign consulting as work for Brian Foley's business.

The 2nd Circuit wrote, "We reject Rowland's assertion that principles of
contract law prevent us from concluding that documents styled as contracts are
'falsified' within the meaning of the statute.

"We also determine that the government adequately disclosed Wilson?Foley's
statements to Rowland, and that even if it did not, he would not be able to show
that he was prejudiced by the deficiency," the court said.

"Finally, we reject his challenges to the District Court's evidentiary rulings,
jury instructions, and Sentencing Guidelines calculation," the court said.

Every argument Rowland raised on appeal had been vigorously debated before
Arterton - before, during and after his trial and conviction. In every case,
after often heated hearings, Arterton ruled against Rowland and for federal
prosecutors Christopher Mattei and Liam Brennan.

Rowland was represented at the 2nd Circuit by New York lawyer Andrew Fish.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 23, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

FBI launches public corruption tip line

BYLINE: BY DANA DiFILIPPO; Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 242 words


FEDERAL OFFICIALS announced on Monday a new public-corruption hot line aimed at
rooting out wrongdoers in public jobs.

"All corruption leads to an erosion on the public trust and a weakening of the
city," said George C. Venizelos, the FBI's special-agent-in-charge in
Philadelphia.

Venizelos said the new tip line was not a response to any uptick in corruption
cases. Rather, he said, the FBI has renewed its focus on finding and punishing
anyone who would use public money or a public position to do wrong.

Since last year, the FBI has doubled its agents who investigate corruption, to
24, Venizelos added. Half focus solely on corruption within law enforcement; the
others probe all other public corruption.

Investigators need tipsters to help ferret out the felons, he said.

"The public is one of the most effective tools in the battle against corruption
," Venizelos said.

He announced the initiative at a morning news conference at the William Green
Federal Building, at 6th and Arch streets in Center City, surrounded by U.S.
Attorney Zane David Memeger, Pennsylvania Inspector General Kenya Mann Faulkner,
Philadelphia Inspector General Amy Kurland and Police Commissioner Charles
Ramsey.

The hot-line number is 855-FBI-TIPS. Authorities will publicize the initiative
on area billboards for three months.

Contact Dana DiFilippo at difilid@phillynews.com or 215-854-5934. Follow her on
Twitter @DanaDiFilippo. Read her blog at phillyconfidential.com.


LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                West County Times

                    February 3, 2005 Thursday FINAL EDITION

EAST BAY ROUNDUP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 653 words


Bay Area

FBI has corruption tip line for public

The FBI has rolled out a public corruption hotline, hoping for tips from the
public about official malfeasance.

The Bay Area FBI office has not had a successful public corruption investigation
since at least 2001, when agents were diverted to focus on terrorism
investigations, said special agent LaRae Quy.

"A lot of times citizens don't know the FBI investigates public corruption, and
if they do know they don't necessarily know how to contact the FBI," Quy said.

People can now report corrupt public officials directly to the FBI by dialing
800-376-5991.

While many FBI investigations into public corruption take place at the federal
level, more than half involve state and local officials.

Allegations against officials range from embezzlement, extortion and illegal
campaign financing tosolicitation of bribes or kickbacks.

- Nathaniel Hoffman

El Sobrante

Man is critical after being shot

A shooting left a 26-year-old man in critical condition Wednesday behind a
Richmond apartment building, authorities said.

A man in a business parking lot on Appian Way, behind the apartments on the 4100
block of Fran Way, noticed an arm sticking through a fence at the back of the
property and dialed 911, Contra Costa sheriff's Lt. Donny Gordon said.

The victim had been shot several times in his upper torso. Paramedics flew him
to John Muir Medical Center in Walnut Creek.

Deputies believe someone shot the victim, who they did not identify, near the
top of a steep slope behind the apartments and he fell or ran downhill to the
fence, which is outside city limits.

The Sheriff's office will investigate the case, Gordon said.

- Karl Fischer

Pinole

Small-dog park approved by council

The City Council on Tuesday approved construction of a small-dog park adjacent
to the existing dog park in Pinole Valley Park.

The small-dog facility will cost about $14,000 and will be funded through the
city's Parkland Dedication fund, according to a city report on the project.

Pinole becomes the latest in a series of Bay Area cities to recognize the need
to separate small dogs for their own protection from bigger canines.

Alameda, Mountain View, Dublin, Santa Rosa, San Jose and San Ramon are among
cities that have planned or recently built small-dog parks, and other cities are
following suit. The trend started in response to incidents of injury or even
death of small dogs caused by bigger dogs in dog parks.

The new park will have a water supply that will be extended from a restroom
adjacent to the site.

No schedule has been set for construction.

- Tom Lochner

Richmond

Spanish program to be discussed

The Washington Elementary School Spanish dual-immersion program will hold an
informational meeting for parents from 7 to 9 p.m. tonight in the school staff
room, 565 Wine St. in Point Richmond.

At the meeting, parents and staff will explain the program and research behind
immersion, as well as discuss a possible trip to the LeConte Science Magnet
School in Berkeley.

Washington is now enrolling kindergartners for 2005-06.

Child care and Spanish translation will be available.

To reserve a spot, call Janet Heckmann at 510-236-6088.

- Shirley Dang

Walnut Creek

Auto smashes wall, barely misses house

A man was arrested after he almost drove into a house on Castle Rock Road,
police said Wednesday.

The man drove 15 feet across the home's front lawn just before midnight Monday,
leaving deep tire tracks in the grass before slamming into a brick wall and gate
that separates the house from the front yard.

"Thank God we had this (wall) or else it would have gone into my kitchen," said
homeowner Joyce Plicner.

The accident occurred at a residence on Castle Rock Road near Northgate Road,
police said.

Police arrested Sergey Oreshkin, 41, on suspicion of drunken driving.

- Nathaniel Hoffman

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

A New Era In Political Corruption

BYLINE: By GAIL COLLINS

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED COLUMNIST; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 809 words


Have you ever noticed how high the bar is when it comes to getting arrested for
political corruption? Really, you practically have to go around with a sign that
says ''Will Trade Influence for Cash.''

I have been thinking about this because New York is having awful corruption
scandals. The charges involve politicians acting in such an insanely stupid way,
it shatters our longstanding confidence that taking money was the one thing they
know how to do well.

We have a Democratic state senator, Malcolm Smith, under indictment for trying
to buy the Republican New York City mayoral nomination. Nobody knows what he
wanted with it, since Smith has no real supporters, a stupendously bad record
even by State Senate standards and could not actually be elected mayor if he
were running against Donald Trump's retriever.

Prosecutors say his henchman was Councilman Daniel Halloran, a Tea Party
Republican and a practitioner of Theodism, a strain of Germanic neopaganism.
That may make Halloran the highest-ranking self-identified heathen in American
politics, so already we have a little bit of a national spin on this saga.

Also there's Eric Stevenson, an unremarkable assemblyman from the Bronx accused
of taking bribes from some men who wanted to start adult day care centers. Among
other things, he introduced legislation prohibiting anybody else from opening a
similar facility anywhere in the New York City area. Even in Albany, this idea
is not likely to garner much support, but it's a tribute to the ethos of the
State Capitol that people seemed prepared to believe it could happen.

According to the indictments, one Republican official from Queens frisked a
briber, who was actually an undercover F.B.I. agent, to make sure he wasn't
wearing a wire. Then failed to find the wire. Then took the bribe while being
recorded. This all happened at a super-secret meeting at Sparks, the steakhouse
where John Gotti had Paul Castellano rubbed out. I believe there should be an
unwritten rule in criminal conspiracy that you do not schedule your big payoff
at the most famous gangland murder site in Manhattan.

Prosecutors say Stevenson, the Bronx assemblyman, was also worried about whether
he was being taped. He expressed those concerns to a co-conspirator who was
actually doing the taping.

Everybody was taping everybody! Plus these secret plots seemed to require more
participants than the cast of ''Game of Thrones.'' All of them muttering what
sounded like lines stolen from Season Two of ''Bad Knockoff Sopranos.''

''We have a system that only catches morons,'' sighed a member of the State
Legislature's brave but not terribly large band of reformers.

Yeah, why didn't these guys do things the normal way? A donation to the campaign
war chest and a promise to ''keep in close contact,'' followed by a visit from a
lobbyist with a copy of the proposed legislation?

''Most lawmakers in Congress do a lot of that stuff. They're just more tactful
in how they go about it,'' said Melanie Sloan of Citizens for Responsibility and
Ethics in Washington. She recalled the recent discovery that Senator Robert
Menendez of New Jersey had been using his influence to try to resolve a
multimillion-dollar Medicare billing dispute for a Florida ophthalmologist whose
company contributed more than $700,000 toward the election of Senate Democrats,
Menendez included. The senator, who is nothing if not a skilled practitioner of
business as usual, is shocked, wounded and dismayed that anyone would imagine a
quid pro quo.

''At least he's expensive,'' Sloan said.

Our New York gang comes pretty cheap. Although perhaps it's heartening to
realize that America is still a country so filled with promise that even the
chairman of the Bronx Republican Party can dream of one day being indicted for
taking a $15,000 bribe. There are hardly any Republicans in the Bronx to chair
-- the party leader himself, who got the job when his predecessor went to the
clink, actually lives someplace in the suburbs.

One of the stranger elements to the New York story was word that a Bronx
assemblyman named Nelson Castro has been wearing a wire for the feds for
virtually his entire political career. He originally got into trouble when
election officials noticed nine voters were registered as living with him in his
one-bedroom apartment. Unable to demonstrate how all that worked out, Castro
agreed to cooperate with authorities and became the F.B.I.'s own social
networking system. Nobody knows yet what else showed up on the Castro tapes, but
the assemblyman announced his resignation this week, expressing pride ''of my
accomplishments and the many benefits that I have secured on behalf of my
district over the last four years.''

So, here's a hopeful thought: maybe you can hit a point of ethical bankruptcy
where, for want of anybody else to sell out, all the plotters betray each other.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/06/opinion/collins-a-new-era-in-political-
corruption.html

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company

                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 12, 1988, Saturday, Final Edition

Wedtech Called Corruption 'Gold Mine';
Federal Trial of Rep. Biaggi, Six Other Men Opens in New York

BYLINE: George Lardner Jr., Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A4

LENGTH: 844 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, March 11, 1988


A federal prosecutor charged today that the Wedtech Corp. was "a gold mine" of
corruption for its executives, Rep. Mario Biaggi (D-N.Y.) and other public
officials until it went bankrupt.

"This is a case about corruption and greed, about the sale and purchase of
public office," Assistant U.S. Attorney Howard Wilson said in an opening
statement at the trial of Biaggi and six other men. "This is a case about public
officials who wanted to get paid twice."

The trial in federal court here is expected to provide the most complete account
of a multimillion-dollar scandal that has ruined some political careers and
tarnished others here and in Washington. It could also amount to a dress
rehearsal for the trial of E. Bob Wallach, a close friend of Attorney General
Edwin Meese III, and two colleagues accused of influence-peddling on Wedtech's
behalf.

Biaggi, 70, frowned and shook his head as Wilson depicted him as such a brazen
extortionist that he demanded "5 percent of all the revenues of the company" for
helping it win and maintain government defense contracts as a minority-owned
business.

"Even Wedtech said no to that," Wilson told the jurors. "[Wedtech executive]
Fred Neuberger said, '5 percent's too much. Each percent is worth $ 1 million.
Take 2 1/2 percent.' "

To that, Wilson related, "Mario Biaggi says no. As he put it, just like he made
Wedtech, he'd break it."

In the end, the prosecutor said, Biaggi got close to what he wanted -- 5 percent
of the stock that Wedtech issued at $ 16 a share when it went public in August
1983. The securities, worth almost $ 4 million, were issued to Biaggi and his
law partner and now codefendant, Bernard Ehrlich. But Biaggi's share, Wilson
said, was covered up with the help of his son, Richard Biaggi, who is also on
trial.

"Wedtech paid 5 percent," Wilson said. "Wedtech needed him as a friend, not an
enemy."

Biaggi already faces possible expulsion from the House because of a conviction
on obstruction of justice and two related charges last year. The House Ethics
Committee, which recommended his ouster, has delayed the floor vote until
completion of the Wedtech trial so that Biaggi can make his case in person.

In contrast to Biaggi, former Bronx Borough president Stanley Simon, the other
major political figure on trial here, was portrayed as something of a piker,
eager to pick up free gambling chips in Atlantic City at Wedtech's expense and
insistent on a clerk's job at the Bronx-based company for an inept
brother-in-law.

Mid-level supervisors at Wedtech said Simon's in-law, Henry Bittman, "was doing
such a poor job they wanted to fire him," Wilson said. But "they were told he
stays, he gets more money."

Wilson charged that Wedtech, a struggling machine shop in the south Bronx in
1965 when it was founded by John Mariotta, was a fraud from the time it
qualified in 1975 under the Small Business Administration's minority business
set-aside program.

Mariotta, who is also on trial, qualified as a minority businessman because he
is Hispanic. But by 1975, Wilson said, Neuberger, who did not qualify, owned 50
percent of the company, more than SBA rules permitted.

The two Wedtech executives got around that, Wilson said, by telling the SBA that
Mariotta owned two-thirds of the company.

"From the beginning, they were lying, cheating, deceiving," the prosecutor said.

Mariotta and Neuberger were introduced to Biaggi and his law firm in 1978. "It
was the beginning of a very lucrative, illegal relationship," Wilson said, with
Biaggi's law firm pulling in increasing fees, from $ 20,000 in 1978 to $ 250,000
in 1985.

The fees produced almost $ 1 million for the firm, "not just for legal services,
but for the services of Mario Biaggi," the jurors were told. Wilson said Biaggi
helped the company with government agencies and enlisted the support of other
lawmakers such as the late representative Joseph P. Addabbo (D-N.Y.) and Sen.
Alfonse M. D'Amato (R-N.Y.), who is expected to be a prosecution witness.

"The crime here is not what the congressman did inside the government for
Wedtech," Wilson said. "The crime is that he got paid to do it."

Wedtech, meanwhile, grew dramatically, from 50 employees and $ 1.5 million in
sales in 1978 to 1,000 employees and $ 117 million in revenues in 1985, making
it the biggest employer in the Bronx.

When it went public with the 1983 stock offering, however, Wedtech faced loss of
its minority status. Its top executives, four of whom have pleaded guilty to
bribery and conspiracy charges, solved the problem with "a second fraud on the
government," by pretending to transfer enough stock back to Mariotta to make him
a 54 percent owner, Wilson said.

"That was a phony," Wilson said. "Mariotta never paid a nickel for that stock."

The trial is expected to last three months. The two other defendants named in
the 49-count racketeering indictment are former SBA regional administrator Peter
Neglia and his alleged bagman, Ronald Betso. The prosecution described Neglia as
"Wedtech's paid-for friend at the SBA."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, REP. MARIO BIAGGI (D-N.Y.) ARRIVES FOR OPENING ARGUMENTS IN
TRIAL YESTERDAY. UPI

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post

                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 7, 2013 Sunday

EPISD, corruption coverage win honors

BYLINE: El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


April 07--SAN ANTONIO -- El Paso Times journalists won 15 awards Saturday at the
80th Texas Associated Press Managing Editors conference, led by several awards
for the paper's yearlong investigations of cheating at the El Paso Independent
School District and other public corruption.

Former Times reporter Zahira Torres, now with the Denver Post, won the Star
Investigative Report of the Year award in Class 3A, which is for midsize
newspapers. She was recognized for her EPISD cheating investigation. Times
reporter Marty Schladen took second place in the category for his investigation
of corruption tied to Chilo Madrid of Aliviane Inc.

Judge Shawn McIntosh, deputy managing editor of the Atlanta
Journal-Constitution, praised Torres "dogged" reporting.

"Without the relentless efforts of Zahira Torres, this cheating scheme could
have gone undetected. ... Torres not only reported on the district's actions,
she revealed how state and federal authorities fell short in their oversight,"
McIntosh said.

Torres also won third place in the Star Reporter of the Year competition for her
EPISD coverage.

The Times staff won first place for Star Online Package of the Year for "A
Poisoned System," reporting led by Torres and Schladen, with Web design by
Samuel Gaytan and implementation by Annette Arrigucci, that detailed how some El
Pasoans used their influence to shortcut the political process.

Other first-place winners for the Times included entertainment writer

Doug Pullen for best blog and Mark Lambie for best feature photograph. Lambie
also won second place for best feature photo and third place for best photo
gallery.

Other Times winners: Robert Moore, second place, best editorial writing; El Paso
Times photo staff, second place, best photo gallery; Bill Knight, second place,
best sports feature; Felix Chavez, third place, best sports feature; Vic Kolenc,
third place, best business reporting; Rudy Gutierrez, honorable mention, general
news photo; and Pablo Villa, honorable mention, best news design.

Several additional APME awards will be presented today.

___ (c)2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130407-EY-EPISD-corruption-coverage-win-honors-20130407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                          September 17, 2011 Saturday

Nihal launches online books store

LENGTH: 709  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 17 -- Consultants 21 (Publications) Ltd., who are releasing a
series of Books on corruption, fraud, economic crime, public finance, governance
and the rule of law, dealing with real case studies, authored by public interest
activist, Nihal Sri Ameresekere, FCA, FCMA, CMA, CFE, published by AuthorHOUSE,
US, have launched its own online Books Store.

The online Books Store is hosted on Consultants 21 (Publications) Ltd.'s website
- www.consultants21.com/publications. The Books are being shipped from C21
Marketing (USA) Inc., based in Los Angeles, US.

Book launches and presentations have been had in Washington DC, New York at the
UN, Miami, Los Angeles, Shanghai and Hong Kong.

Last week these Books were showcased at the prestigious International Symposium
on Economic Crime at Jesus College, Cambridge University, organized in
association with the Serious Fraud Office, UK, and among others, The Institute
of Advanced Legal Studies University of London, The International Chamber of
Commerce, Centre for European and International Financial Law, The Australian
Institute of Criminology, Nathanson Centre for Organized Crime and Corruption,
York University Canada, London School of Economics and Political Science, Keio
University Japan, Monash University Australia, University of the Free State
South Africa, International Financial Crimes Studies University of Florida USA,
Centre for Criminology, University of Hong Kong, University of Tokyo, Argentine
Federation of Judges.

The Books released in this series so far include the following :

1. "UN Convention Against Corruption - To Combat Fraud & Corruption - a
Cancerous Menace, with mere Rhetoric, subverts UN Convention"

2. "Transparency & Public Accountability - Fiscal Mismanagement & Lack of Public
Accountability - Case Study - Sri Lanka, a Country under the Purview of IMF,
World Bank, ADB"

3. "IMF, World Bank & ADB Agenda on Privatisation - Sri Lanka Insurance
Privatisation, handled by PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst & Young - Annulled as
Unlawful & Illegal by Supreme Court"

4. "Derivative / Hedging Deals by Citibank, USA, Standard Chartered Bank, UK,
Deutsche Bank, Germany, with Sri Lanka Government's Petroleum Corporation -
Dubious & Illegal ?"

5. "IMF, World Bank & ADB Agenda on Privatisation - Colombo Port Bunkering
Privatisation - Annulled as Illegal & Fraudulent by Supreme Court"

6. "Colombo Hilton Hotel Construction - Fraud on Sri Lanka Government - Sri
Lanka's First Derivative Action in Law" - Reported in Commonwealth Law Reports
1992

7. "IMF, World Bank & ADB Agenda on Privatisation - Pillage of the Plantations
in Sri Lanka"

The 8th and 9th Books in this series are expected to be released shortly.

Nihal Sri Ameresekere in addition to being a professional accountant and a
certified fraud examiner, is a Member of the International Association of Anti-
Corruption Authorities and International Consortium on Governmental Financial
Management. He has successfully prosecuted in the public interest major
fraudulent transactions before the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka, the highest
judiciary, including successfully challenging perverse amnesties, which were
inimical to the rule of law and had caused extensive losses to the State, and
also the Appropriation Bill, which included a 'slush fund' and without
disclosure of the level of Government's borrowings.

These Books are on topics of international interest now, being on economic
crime, fraud and corruption, which have very contemporary relevance in the world
today. In his latest Book titled - "To Combat Fraud & Corruption - a Cancerous
Menace - with mere Rhetoric subverts the UN Convention Against Corruption",
Ameresekere postulates that corruption impoverishing the abject poor is a crime
against humanity and that concerns of humanity transcend interest of nationality

The series of Books are available globally on Amazon.com, Barnes & Nobel,
AuthorHOUSE US & UK and leading world-wide reputed E-Retailers, and from
Consultants 21 (Publications) Ltd.'s website -
www.consultants21.com/publications Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 30, 2006 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

In brief;

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 453 words


HUETTER

GRAIL NIGHTCLUB LAWSUIT  AGAINST ISP THROWN OUT

A lawsuit against the Idaho State Police filed by the owners of The Grail
nightclub in Huetter has been dismissed by the state Supreme Court.

Coeur d'Alene attorney Susan Weeks filed the suit on behalf of Grail owner Lang
Sumner, alleging the business had been denied due process by the district court
when it granted a state police motion to deny The Grail's restaurant license.

The state court ruling, issued last week, said that because The Grail did not
request a hearing on the motion at the district court level, the allegation
cannot be considered.

"This made no substantive ruling on whether they should or should not have the
license," Weeks said.

A hearing in that case, pending in district court, is scheduled for March.

The ruling orders The Grail to reimburse the state for any costs it incurred
fighting the suit.

"We're understandably disappointed, but that's why you have the Supreme Court,"
Weeks said.

A spokesman for the Idaho State Police declined to comment until he could learn
more about the case.

- Meghann M. Cuniff

REGION

FBI STARTS TIP LINE  FOR PUBLIC CORRUPTION

The FBI has established a tip line to receive reports of public corruption in
Idaho, Montana  and Utah.

Anyone who believes the public trust has been betrayed by individuals holding
public office or serving in a position of public service may call the number,
(866) 502-7423.

A person also may report corruption online at saltlakecity.fbi.gov. An e-mail
address is provided there for sending a report. Individuals are encouraged to
provide contact information so a follow-up communication can be made. However,
anonymous tips can be provided.

The new tip line coincides with indictments charging three Davis County, Utah,
school employees with criminal violations in connection with alleged fraudulent
activities over a five-year period involving the misappropriation of more than
$4.5 million.

"People may not consider this case to be an example of public corruption because
it does not involve dishonest conduct by an elected public official," said
Special Agent in Charge Timothy Fuhrman of the Salt Lake City FBI field office.

"However, any individual who serves the public and abuses that trust given to
them by the citizens he or she serves can be the subject of a public corruption
investigation and possible prosecution," he said.

Public corruption cases  are the highest priority of the FBI's Criminal
Investigative Program. In the past two years, investigations by the FBI have led
to the prosecution and conviction of more than 1,000 public officials
nationwide, and there are more than 2,000 public corruption investigations
pending.

- From staff reports

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                            March 3, 2004 Wednesday
                                     METRO

'Corrupt' cops to get off scot-free

BYLINE: LUKE MORFESSE; BEN MARTIN; ROY GIBSON

SECTION: GENERAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 538  words


JUST four serving police officers are facing the sack despite yesterday's
devastating royal commission finding that there had been significant and
sustained corruption over 20 years.

The inquiry, which cost taxpayers $28.5 million, compared the type of corruption
it had exposed as similar to that uncovered during inquiries in Queensland and
NSW and in New York and Los Angeles in the United States.

The damaging report, the strength of which caught many rank and file police by
surprise, made adverse findings against more than 50 serving and former
officers.

It found many of those officers had engaged in a range of criminal and corrupt
conduct, including stealing, assaults, perjury, drug dealing and leaking
confidential information from police computers. They had also verballed suspects
and shared stolen goods.

But the two-volume, 1053-page report said it was unlikely that a significant
number of prosecutions or disciplinary proceedings would be launched due to its
investigations.

Commissioner Geoffrey Kennedy said much of the evidence compiled by the
commission would not be admissible in a criminal court.

The report criticised the police executive and described the service as
mediocre. It found that much of the corruption it had uncovered might not have
occurred or could have been reduced if officers had been supervised properly.

The findings will deliver a massive blow to morale among many of the State's
5000 police who, because the commission had failed to uncover significant
examples of contemporary corruption, thought the service would remain relatively
unscathed.

Commissioner Kennedy accepted the evidence of eight rollover witnesses and said
the picture their evidence painted was distressing.

Premier Geoff Gallop, who was elected on a promise to set up the commission,
said the report had confirmed his Government's fears that there was significant
corruption in the service.

"This behaviour is utterly unacceptable to the Government and the people of
Western Australia and it has now been fully investigated and exposed," Dr Gallop
said.

"The commission not only exposed corruption, it also exposed a system manifestly
inadequate to deal with corrupt conduct. Rank and file officers were being let
down."

But Opposition Leader Colin Barnett said the two prosecutions to flow so far
from the commission were not worth the $28 million. "The recommendations
essentially say the police service needs to improve its management. That is
reasonably obvious," he said.

Other recommendations simply echoed the recommendations of the Wood royal
commission in NSW.

Police Commissioner Barry Matthews accepted the report but foreshadowed a
looming budget fight to fund the recommendations.

He said the police service could not fight corruption without more money and he
would begin preparing submissions for more money.

"The effectiveness of the report will also only be if the Government seriously
addresses the legislative reform and the funding issues to better enable the
police to undertake the necessary reform," Mr Matthews said.

He also demanded new laws to fight corruption but there may be little chance of
widespread reform because of a packed legislative agenda ahead of next year's
election.

More reports, pages 8-11

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Thin blue line: Police Commissioner Barry Matthews has accepted the
findings of the report into corruption in the service. PICTURE: MAL FAIRCLOUGH.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

The honeymoon's over for Brady fans

BYLINE: Ian Hamilton, The Spectator Appears Saturdays.

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 753 words


Judging by Deflategate and corruption within FIFA, football and futbol have more
in common than their fans would like to admit. Both scandals involved cheating
at the highest level and both prompted an uproar in the sporting world. The only
difference between the incidents is that one featured bladders that were
underinflated and the other featured a Blatter whose ego is overinflated ...
FIFA president Sepp Blatter refused to resign after the corruption scandal
broke, saying Thursday: "I cannot monitor everyone all of the time." With FIFA's
presidential election set for Friday, one wonders if Blatter's words constituted
an excuse or a campaign promise (yes, he won again) ... A Twitter user with the
glorious name Anthrax Jones had a good question the other day

(punctuation apparently remains optional on social media): "what idiot called it
corruption in FIFA and not a Blatter infection" ... Say, wasn't Sepp one of the
original Three Stooges?

The whole affair started Wednesday, when nine current and former FIFA officials
were arrested and charged with accepting bribes that totalled more than $100
million in relation to marketing contracts and the selection of host cities for
international tournaments. Comedy writer Jerry Perisho was so amazed by the
charges, he wondered: "Do you know how hard it is to take $150 million in bribes
without using your hands?" ... Seven of the people arrested in Zurich,
Switzerland, were picked up at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel. They're now
staying at the no-star Crowbaur Hotel ... The United States Department of
Justice levelled the charges against the accused and is trying to extradite them
to the U.S. Rest assured that process - along with any subsequent legal
proceedings - will not constitute an "international friendly." This week's
wackier soccer story comes from Australia, where a goingaway match for retiring
Central Coast Mariners captain John Hutchinson included a participant who was
dressed up like a bottle of barbecue sauce. At one point, the mascot appeared
ready to take a shot on goal, but defender Brent Griffiths chased down the
bottle and dropped it with a tackle. Griffiths was shown a red card, but in
reality the tackle was pretty mild ... Police in Franklin, Ind., arrested a
57-year-old man Sunday after he got into an argument with his fiancée after she
and another person said that IndyCar racing was better than NASCAR. The incident
reportedly has left the redneck red-faced ... Comedy writer Alex Kaseberg
reports that a fantasy golf league is up and running. Added Kaseberg: "These are
the guys who get bullied by Fantasy Football players' imaginary girlfriends."

A "Free Tom Brady" rally was held outside the New England Patriots' stadium
Sunday and 150 fans turned up to protest the four-game suspension the star
quarterback received from the NFL for his role in Deflategate. The protesters
included a newly-married couple who vowed to postpone honeymooning in Bermuda
until the suspension is lifted. Their feelings for Brady are obvious; it's
almost like a Bermuda love triangle ... How much does that couple, Paul and
Kellie Goodrow, love the Patriots? As Paul told cbssports.com: "Our whole house
is Patriots. It's like a man cave. It's like my wife doesn't even live there."
Yeah, that marriage will last ... It has been pointed out that Brady and
steroid-tainted slugger Barry Bonds attended the same high school in San Mateo,
Calif. Noted Brad Dickson of the Omaha World-Herald: "I believe the school's
known as The Fighting Asterisks."

Former NBAer Metta World Peace (a.k.a. Ron Artest) committed five fouls in one
minute and was ejected from an Italian league game Wednesday. The incident,
which involved a physical confrontation, ended all hopes for World Peace ...
Artest was renowned for his part in the famed Malice at the Palace brawl in
Detroit. Now he'll also be remembered for the Unrest in Trieste ... The last
word this week goes to Atlanta Hawks radio play-by-play man Steve Holman, who
made his feelings known about Cleveland Cavaliers guard Matthew Dellavedova on
Tuesday. During the Eastern Conference final between the teams, Dellavedova's
frequent dives into the legs of Atlanta players resulted in an injury to one
(Kyle Korver) and the ejection from one game of another (Al Horford, who threw
an elbow at Dellavedova's head). So, as Dellavedova arrived at the scorer's
table in Game 4, Holman told his listeners: "Tonya Harding checking in."
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tony Dejak, The Associated Press; The Cleveland Cavaliers' Matthew
Dellavedova, front, was compared to notorious figure-skating villain Tonya
Harding by Atlanta Hawks radio play-by-play man Steve Holman after Dellavedova's
frequent dives into the legs of Hawks players.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

Clearing the air in the state of corruption

BYLINE: By Brad Bumsted

LENGTH: 532 words


HARRISBURG

Pennsylvania's wave of corruption continues.

In almost a dozen years, Pennsylvanians have seen perp walks and top officials
heading to prisons. In all, about 60 state, federal and local officials have
been charged with a variety of crimes "" from bribery to theft and perjury. The
vast majority have been convicted, most recently former Attorney General
Kathleen Kane of Scranton, U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah, D-Philadelphia, and lobbyist
John Estey, former chief of staff to Democrat Gov. Ed Rendell.

In 2012, two former House speakers, John Perzel, a Republican, and Bill DeWeese,
a Democrat, briefly shared the same cell.

Are there laws and policies that would help deter public corruption? Local,
state and federal prosecutors seem to have utilized criminal statutes
effectively. The bottom line: Laws don't make people honest. Fear of exposure or
getting caught is, however, incentive for adhering to the law.

Transparency, that infamous buzzword that politicians love, is a major part of
the answer.

Pennsylvania still has a weak law compelling public disclosure of documents. It
applies to emails of the executive branch and numerous other records. But it
barely touches legislators save for basic financial information. The judicial
branch also is exempt except for financial records.

Even offensive emails in the Office of the Attorney General, which arguably
included some pornography, are not considered public documents by the courts.
Kane, who had the power to use her discretion and release all of them, only
released some as weapons against her perceived enemies.

Sure, the disclosure law is better than it was 10 years ago.

But it's still a joke.

The General Assembly's website is not bad. But campaign finance reports on the
Department of State's web page require a computer guru for complicated searches.
It is user unfriendly. A computer-savvy colleague here calls it hit or miss.

The much-heralded PennWatch website is good for looking up a salary. You can do
so by name, agency or position. But it is not a "macro" site that allows
comparison in a broader analysis.

Want salaries of a public agency? Cut and paste about a dozen at a time to
compile them electronically.

That would take days of labor for agencies as large as PennDOT or the Department
of Human Services.

State contracts are available at the Department of Treasury's web page, which is
much improved and faster.

Two laws that might help improve law and order in Pennsylvania:

"¢ Enact Gov. Tom Wolf's gift ban, which currently is mandatory by executive
order for employees under his jurisdiction. But that could change under the next
governor and under the rules adopted by the Legislature.

Wolf's ban prevents acceptance of even a "cup of coffee." It needs the force of
law and stiff penalties.

"¢ Add more crimes to the state's pension forfeiture act, including conflict of
interest. One thing that really motivates officials is potential loss of their
pensions. The charge of conflict of interest has been an escape valve for
numerous crooked pols, allowing them to keep their pensions.

Brad Bumsted is the Trib's state Capitol reporter. This is his last column for
the Tribune-Review.,Brad Bumsted

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      May 11, 2016 Wednesday 10:16 AM GMT

Live Q&A: What role can technology play in fighting corruption?;
Join an expert panel on Thursday 12 May to discuss how technology can improve
how governments track and tackle corruption

BYLINE: Rachel Banning-Lover

SECTION: GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT PROFESSIONALS NETWORK

LENGTH: 749 words


Next Thursday, Prime Minister David Cameron will host a landmark international
anti-corruption summit in London. There are high hopes for the conference, but
after the Panama Papers revelations and the fact that only four countries are
rated as 'active enforcers' of the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, there's a lot
of work to do.

While the PM will focus on getting countries such as Brazil, South Africa and
Russia (that are facing their own corruption allegations) to sign up to an
international anti-corruption body, there's already a series of interesting
technological initiatives tackling corruption at a grassroots level.

Over 81,000 reports have been made to I Paid a Bribe, a special website for
whistleblowers in India. Not in My Country guides students in Uganda and Kenya
through the complaint process for reporting lecturers for corruption, and
(EURO)5m of corruption involving Greek civil servants has been uncovered through
the website EdosaFakelaki.

But how do we transform this body of stories  into real change? How can
initiatives like those above be scaled up? And how can technology be used at a
national and international level to help governments track and act on corruption
?

Join an expert panel on Thursday 12 May, 1-3pm BST, to discuss these questions
and more.

Panel

Steve Goodrich, senior researcher, Transparency International UK, London, UK
@SteveJGoodrich @TransparencyUK                     Steve is senior researcher
at the UK chapter of a global anti-corruption movement that has over 100 local
groups throughout the world.

Kwami Ahiabenu II, executive director, Penplusbytes, Accra, Ghana @kwamigh
@penplusbytes                     Kwami works to promote journalistic innovation
and good governance across Africa through the effective use of ICT.

Shqipe Neziri Vela, manager of the Anti-Corruption Programme at UNDP Kosovo,
Prishtina, Kosovo @Shqipe_Neziri @UNDP_Kosovo                     Shqipe manages
UNDP Kosovo's anti-corruption efforts focusing on institutional transparency,
sectoral assessments & using ICT to fight corruption.

Hari Mulukutla, managing director, Stream House, New York, United States
Hari advises countries on anti-corruption and asset recovery strategies, policy
and technology at an anti-corruption and asset recovery consulting firm.

Iker Lekuona, senior manager, Adam Smith International, Kampala, Uganda
@AdamSmithInt                     Iker is a public sector governance specialist
with eight years experience designing and implementing accountability projects
in Africa and Latin America.

Reverend David Ugolor, executive director, Africa Network for Environment and
Economic Justice (ANEEJ), Benin City, Nigeria                     David has over
10 years experience tackling corruption, from chairing Publish What You Pay to
leading the Nigeria Civil Society Network on Stolen Assets.

Georg Neumann, senior manager, Open Contracting Partnership, Washington DC, USA
@georg_neu @opencontracting                     Georg focuses on technology and
anticorruption. He previously worked at Transparency International and the
Inter-American Development Bank.

Ruba Ishak, senior research assistant, The One Campaign, London, UK @ishakruba
@ONEcampaignUK                     Ruba was behind The One Campaign's Follow the
Money map, advocating for governments and companies to share more open data on
their budgets and taxes.

Farzana Sultana, monitoring and evaluation coordinator, Access to Information
Programme, Prime Minister's Office, Dhaka, Bangladesh @farzanasultana
Farzana works to promote transparency and responsiveness of the Bangladeshi
government, citizen's voice and Rights to Information Act. @farzanasultana

Professor Indira Carr, research professor of law, University of Surrey,
Guildford, UK                     Indira has been researching extensively on
corruption issues since 1996 and has published widely in this field.

The live chat is not video or audio-enabled but will take place in the comments
section (below). Get in touch via globaldevpros@theguardian.com or @GuardianGDP
on Twitter to recommend someone for our expert panel. Follow the discussion
using the hashtag #globaldevlive.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  February 17, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

U.S.: Tie loans to corruption Weigh bribery in aid decisions

BYLINE: Sara Nathan

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The Clinton administration will urge the International
Monetary Fund and the World Bank to weigh corruption in a country
as one of the criteria used to make lending decisions, Undersecretary
of State Stuart Eizenstat said Tuesday.

The recommendation comes as the issue of international corruption
is attracting new attention. This week, an international agreement
on combating bribery, signed by 34 countries including the United
States, went into effect. And next week, Vice President Gore will
host a conference on bribery with representatives from 80 countries.

The USA and 11 other countries, members of the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development, have enacted laws prohibiting
businesses from bribing government officials to win government
contracts or special treatment.

U.S. businesses lost contracts worth $ 30 billion from mid-1997
to mid-1998 because of corruption, Eizenstat says. Countries such
as Australia, Belgium and France still allow companies to deduct
bribes from their taxes.

The State Department wants the IMF and the World Bank to strengthen
the anti-bribery agreement.

The IMF and the World Bank evaluate how corruption affects a country's
economic performance, but do not use the degree of corruption
as a basis for loan decisions, spokesmen say.

Combating corruption also would bolster reforms in countries making
a transition to a free-market economy by instilling "greater
public confidence that the transition will not just be enriching
the pockets of a few," Eizenstat says.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Mayors, rabbis arrested in N.Y. corruption sting; Arrests follow 10-year probe
into money laundering, political bribes

BYLINE: Edith Honan, Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: NEWARK


Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were arrested
Thursday in a sweeping federal probe that uncovered political corruption, human
organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials said.

The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion-dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the U. S. Attorney's office in Newark,
N. J.

The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, N. J., Mayor Peter Cammarano, who
took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across the Hudson
River from New York.

Others accused were mayors of nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state assemblymen,
a deputy mayor, city council members, housing, planning and zoning officials,
building inspectors and political candidates.

"New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if not the worst, in the
nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge of the FBI's
white-collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who has worked
on the investigation since it began in July 1999.

"It has become ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling
corruption "a cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.

The public officials stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help
getting permits and projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to
the witness.

In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV series The Sopranos, about
New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners, parking lots, even bathrooms,
officials said.

"The politicians willingly put themselves up for sale," said acting U. S.
Attorney Ralph Marra. "The victims are the average citizens and the honest
business people in this state. They don't have a chance in this culture of
corruption."

The public corruption uncovered by the informant led him to the separate
money-laundering network by rabbis who operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New
Jersey, and Israel, authorities said. They laundered some $3 million for the
undercover witness between June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.

"These complaints paint a disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading
money-laundering crews, acting as crime bosses," Marra said. "They used
purported charities, entities supposed set up to do good works, as vehicles for
laundering millions of dollars in illicit funds."

Rabbis accused of money-laundering were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large
Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn; Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a
synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal rabbi of another synagogue in Deal;
and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in Brooklyn. The probe also uncovered
Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is accused of conspiring to broker the
sale of a human kidney for a transplant.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Chip East, Reuters; A man is brought from a bus in handcuffs behind
federal court in Newark, N. J., on Thursday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

SO FAR, ETHICS MEASURES LEFT OUT IN THE COLD

BYLINE: STEVE TERRELL

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 624 words


Despite Martinez's push for corruption reform, no bills OK'd

By Steve Terrell

The New Mexican

With less than two weeks left in this session of Legislature, some bills dealing
with ethics, corruption and election reform are starting to see movement --
though neither the House nor the Senate has yet to pass any major ethics
measure.

The issue of corruption was a major theme of Gov. Susana Martinez's campaign
last year.

One of the two bills she recently highlighted at a news conference, House Bill
378, sponsored by Rep. Nate Gentry, R-Albuquerque, made it through the House
committee process this week and is headed to the House floor.

The bill would increase penalties for corrupt officials convicted in court. It
also would prevent convicted officials from becoming lobbyists and would put
their state pensions in jeopardy.

Gentry said Tuesday that the House Judiciary Committee amended HB 378 so it no
longer would impose mandatory jail sentences for those convicted of a "felony
corruption offense." The committee also axed a part of the original bill that
would have made it a misdemeanor for state employees not to report acts of
corruption if they were aware of the acts.

But Gentry said, "It's still a very good bill. It's still got a lot of teeth in
it."

The bill would spell out what crimes are considered "corruption offenses." Those
include bribery, embezzlement, making or permitting false vouchers, tampering
with public records and other crimes related to violating the public trust.

The bill would add an "enhancement" of one year to prison sentences for those
crimes, Gentry said.

However, the prospects for the other corruption-related bill spotlighted by the
governor are starting to look dimmer. HB 383, which would create a new public-
corruption unit within the Department of Public Safety, still has not been heard
in a committee. The bill, sponsored by Rep. David Doyle, R-Albuquerque, is
assigned to both the House Consumer and Public Affairs Committee and the House
Judiciary Committee.

Among the bills that have shown progress is Senate Bill 247, sponsored by Sen.
Sue Wilson Beffort. The measure would require those convicted of corruption
charges to lose their pensions.

It has cleared all Senate committees and is awaiting action from the full
Senate.

Meanwhile, the sponsors of several campaign-finance disclosure bills have been
working to combine at least two of them -- HB 491, sponsored by Rep. Joe
Cervantes, D-Las Cruces, and HB 155, sponsored by Rep. Brian Egolf, D-Santa Fe.
These bills are aimed at tightening reporting of campaign expenditures made by
groups independent of a candidate's campaign organization.

The proposed substitute bill is first on the agenda of the House Judiciary
Committee, Egolf said Tuesday.

The substitute, Egolf said, also includes parts of HB 604, another
campaign-contribution bill, co-sponsored by Egolf and Gentry. HB 604, which is
being pushed by the Santa Fe think tank Think New Mexico, would outlaw
contributions from contractors and lobbyists.

The bill, according to Egolf, would require anyone responsible for any ad or
mailer that mentions a candidate's name and targets voters in that candidate's
district 58 days before a primary or a general election to disclose the cost and
who contributed to the ad.

"This would be the biggest ethics bill to ever pass the Legislature," Egolf
said.

However a similar bill, SB 547, sponsored by Sen. Peter Wirth, D-Santa Fe, is
showing no signs of life in the Senate Rules Committee -- which in the past
several years has served as the burial ground for various ethics proposals.
Wirth's bill has been endorsed by Common Cause New Mexico.

Contact Steve Terrell at

986-3037 or sterrell@sfnewmexican.com Read his political blog at
roundhouseroundup.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved

                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

Armenian press note ruling party's "nervous" response to US envoy's remarks

LENGTH: 994 words


The following is a selection of quotes from articles and commentaries published
in the 12 November editions of Armenian newspapers:


US ambassador's remarks on corruption in Armenia

Chorrord Inknishkhanutyun (pro-opposition): "It is normal that the opposition
raises the corruption issue in parliament every day but when an ambassador of a
foreign country, in this case US Ambassador to Armenia Richard Mills, speaks
about it, who knows why, representatives of the authorities fall into depression
and public response to such statements exceeds all expectations... And now when
the ambassador openly and transparently without mincing his words speaks about
corruption in Armenia, it is natural that the authorities led by [Armenian
President] Serzh Sargsyan are the first to bear responsibility for this. In
reality, nothing new has been said, and only the fact that the issue has been
raised by the US ambassador makes it sound stronger. In this case, Serzh
Sargsyan cannot launch a counterattack... By the way, ambassadors, and the US
ambassador in particular, do not express their own opinion about the country
where they carry out their diplomatic mission. They express their state's
opinion about the country.

Speaking figuratively, this is the USA's opinion about Armenia, and not that of
Mills... It should be noted in the end that Serzh Sargsyan is the one who is
most concerned about the ambassador's observations; the USA is allocating
millions of dollars for the implementation of various programmes in Armenia.
Such statements are the first signal that everything can change in a second in
terms of the money flow from the West. And this is really an alarming factor for
Serzh Sargsyan." (Article by Gohar Veziryan headlined "Nothing extraordinary has
happened", p 3)

Zhoghovurd (pro-opposition): "Speaking at the Armenian-American Chamber of
Commerce the day before yesterday [10 November] US Ambassador Richard Mills
again touched upon the issue of corruption in Armenia. No rational man living in
Armenia can deny that the US ambassador's remarks phrased with diplomatic
euphemism fully depict the Armenian reality unless he/she is a member of a
concrete party and is limited in expressing personal opinion. But even the
factor of being a member of the [ruling Republican Party of Armenia] RPA should
not make its notorious representatives react so nervously to the US ambassador's
totally legitimate remarks... The most ridiculous thing in this situation is
that the Republicans react so nervously, like vampires who see a 'cross', when
someone speaks about the existing corruption. In the end, it is the Armenian
government itself that has implemented three anti-corruption strategy programmes
(by the way, financed by the West) and another one is still under way... It is
not clear why the Republicans do not react so nervously when at meetings with
various foreign officials the same [Armenian Prime Minister] Hovik Abrahamyan
makes speeches about fighting corruption." (Editorial headlined "Nervous", p 1)

168 Zham (pro-opposition): "The day before yesterday US Plenipotentiary and
Extraordinary Ambassador to Armenia Richard Mills delivered an extensive speech
presenting the main directions of his activity. This is, by the way, Mills's
second speech recently about his programmes; earlier, he had given a big
interview to [the Armenian service of] Radio Liberty, speaking about corruption
in Armenia. His remarks back then sent shock waves among several representatives
of the Armenian authorities.

"In his speech at the Armenian-American Chamber of Commerce Mills said that his
activity would mainly be directed at boosting Armenian-American trade and
economic relations, assistance to the real struggle against corruption in
Armenia, formation of a civil society and establishment of democratic
institutions...

"Of course, Russian agents and the Russian propaganda will do their best to give
a 'dignified response' to the US ambassador; they will convince Armenian society
that this is the mean style of the USA's hypocrite and conspiratorial policy and
that the real aim behind the US ambassador's statements is to inundate Armenia
with immoral Western values and so on.

"In reality, however, Mills's statements openly reflect the USA's goal to see
Armenia as a developed and democratic country, which might be part of some
bigger geopolitical programme and long-term scenario. To be clearer, the USA
offers Armenia its tangible assistance in becoming a normal country. It is
another question why they are doing this. It is more important for us to give an
answer to some other question - whether we want to become a really democratic
state." (Editorial headlined "Armenia facing a new choice", p 1)

Russian FM's visit to Armenia

Zhoghovurd (pro-opposition): "After Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov's
visit to Armenia on Monday [9 November], reports circulated first in the
Armenian and then also in the Russian media that the Russian side was trying to
convince the Armenian authorities to return some of the liberated districts
around Artsakh [Karabakh] to Azerbaijan. According to the reports, the aim of
Lavrov's visit was to discuss with the Armenian authorities the issue of the
return of the territories to Azerbaijan. These reports, naturally, caused
concern among the National Assembly [Armenian parliament] members and they
appealed to the government demanding that Armenian Foreign Minister Edvard
Nalbandyan come to parliament and present clarifications. According to
Zhoghovurd's information, a closed session will be convened in parliament for
this purpose in the near future during which Nalbandyan will present to the MPs
the aims of Lavrov's visit. By the way, many Republicans say in private talks
that they do not understand either what is going on in terms of the Karabakh
peace talks." (Editorial headlined "Nalbandyan will tell during closed
discussions", p 1)

Source: Quotes package from BBC Monitoring, in Armenian 12 Nov 15

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 18, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

STATEWIDE PRESECUTOR OF CORRUPTION IS SOUGHT

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 53, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 702 words


A special committee of the New York State Bar Association recommends the
establishment of a prosecutor to investigate corruption in the state's criminal
and civil justice systems.

The proposal would expand the jurisdiction of the office of the Special
Prosecutor for Corruption in New York City, which is now restricted to cases
involving graft and other abuses in the city's criminal-justice system.

The creation of a statewide anticorruption prosecutor was the key recommendation
made Friday by the association's Committee to Evaluate the Office of Special
Prosecutor after a two-year study of the offices of the state's three special
prosecutors.

The committee said that over the last eight years, the office of the Special
Prosecutor for Corruption in the city had proved to be a major deterrent against
such crimes but added, ''Corruption in the justice system is not limited to New
York City.''

A Powerful New Office

The association is expected to press for legislation required for the changes
that could have far-reaching effects on how the corruption inquiries of criminal
and civil justice agencies are conducted throughout the state. Except for the
city, local district attorneys now generally have jurisdiction in all corruption
matters relating to the criminal and civil courts.

While suggesting that the proposed statewide Prosecutor for Corruption have
concurrent jurisdiction with the state's 62 district attorneys, the committee's
plan would nevertheless diminish the authority of the district attorneys and
create a potentially powerful new state prosecutor.

Governor Carey's press secretary, Jill Schuker, said that the recommendation
involved ''major changes'' and that the Governor's office would withhold comment
until the report had been carefully reviewed.

Robert Abrams, the State Attorney General, described the plan as ''an
interesting notion,'' but he said the report had failed to document the need for
the statewide prosecutor.

Permanent Offices Sought

In other recommendations, the committee said the offices of both the Special
Prosecutor for Corruption and Special Prosecutor for Medicaid Fraud Control
should be made permanent to protect their independence. The prosecutors are now
appointed by the Attorney General at the request of the Governor, and their
offices exist under executive orders and are not permanent bodies established by
the Legislature.

Herman H. Tarnow, a lawyer who was chairman of the bar association committee,
said he originally had questioned the value of the office of the city's
anticorruption prosecutor.

'You can't measure its value in dollars and cents,'' he said at a news
conference, explaining his change of mind. ''There is a tremendous need for this
kind of operation.''

Mr. Tarnow said the evaulation had been prompted by lawyers' concern over
possible abuses in the offices of the prosecutors who investigate corruption and
Medicaid fraud. The committee had interviewed more than 500 lawyers and other
people who had dealings with the special prosecutors, he noted.

The office of the anticorruption prosecutor was organized in 1972 after
disclosures of widespread corruption in the city's Police Department. Maurice H.
Nadjari, who was the first prosecutor to head the office, became the center of
controversy in the mid-1970's over charges that he had unjustly investigated
judges and political figures.

''I'm delighted and thrilled by the committee's findings,'' said Thomas A.
Duffy, the special prosecutor who is now in charge of the anticorruption office.
''It is great to have an independent body come to the conclusion that we are an
effective deterrent.''

The committee also reviewed the work of temporary special prosecutors appointed
to investigate political corruption in Syracuse and Onondaga County. It
concluded that the organizational and political problems of those special
prosecutors could have been avoided if there had been an independent statewide
prosecutor.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 19, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Feds take aim at corruption by officials in New Orleans;
City also seeks to overcome image of tolerance for such behavior

BYLINE: Rick Jervis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 921 words


NEW ORLEANS -- The voice on the radio assumes the tone of a high school
principal: "Public service is not about stealing from the people -- it's about
giving to the people."

The voice belongs to James Bernazzani, the FBI's special agent in charge in New
Orleans. He, along with the U.S. Attorney's Office here and a new inspector
general at City Hall, is launching a very public assault on public corruption.

The FBI's New Orleans office has tracked a 452% jump in corruption indictments
the past five years. Corruption convictions in eastern Louisiana climbed 33% in
the same period, making it one of the top spots in the country for such
convictions, according to Justice Department statistics.

Among those convicted: 23 Orleans Parish school officials, 16 workers from City
Hall and 14 traffic court employees, along with judges, councilmen and other
officials, said Jim Letten, U.S. Attorney for eastern Louisiana. "We're going
after anyone -- whether it's a teacher or minor public official -- who engages
in any kind of public corruption," he said.

Many of the investigations were launched before the 2005 floods and destruction
unleashed by Hurricane Katrina. But the post-storm recovery, with billions of
dollars in federal aid streaming into the area, could lead to further corruption
and triggered agents to step up investigations, Bernazzani said.

"The city is fighting for its life and needs momentum," he said.

Public corruption has plagued the New Orleans region for more than two
centuries, spanning back to 18th-century French and Spanish rule, said Ed
Renwick, head of the Institute of Politics at Loyola University. Back then, the
monarchy-appointed governor held all the power and often indulged in corruption
and cronyism, he said.

The strong-governor system carried over into the modern era, most notably during
the tenure of Huey Long, Louisiana's governor from 1928 to 1932, who
consolidated near-absolute power into the position. Kickbacks became part of
doing business, Renwick said.

Federal agents today are trying to break up the corruption mentality. Besides
radio ads, the FBI has been meeting with business leaders and civic groups. The
bureau's New Orleans office receives five to 25 tips a week.

Bernazzani said he has recruited an array of informants. "I want every corrupt
public official to think that the person they're engaging could be working for
the FBI," he said.

Changing the image of New Orleans from a place where corruption is common is key
to drawing new businesses and fueling the area's recovery, said Barbara Johnson,
of Greater New Orleans, Inc., which tries to attract business to the area.

"The more we can show as a region that we have a game plan to address and combat
(corruption), the more competitive we become in attracting investments," she
said.

Just weeks after Katrina, federal officials brought the country's first
post-storm public corruption indictment against Joseph Impastato, a St. Tammany
Parish councilman accused of taking kickbacks in exchange for steering contracts
for debris removal. Impastato has maintained he is innocent of the extortion,
conspiracy and money laundering charges against him.

A few months later, Andrew Rose and Loyd Holliman, two Federal Emergency
Management Agency employees, were indicted on charges that they solicited bribes
while managing a FEMA base camp near New Orleans, according to federal records.
They pleaded guilty and were sentenced in August to 21 months in federal prison.

The most surprising case came in August, when Oliver Thomas, a popular city
councilman, pleaded guilty to accepting nearly $20,000 in bribes from a City
Hall vendor. Thomas' case, more than any other, shook the walls at City Hall,
City Councilwoman Shelley Midura said.

"There's a resignation now that we're going to have to do something to address"
corruption, she said.

Last year, the New Orleans council unanimously voted to establish the office of
inspector general, a first in the city's 289-year history.

Robert Cerasoli, a former inspector general for the state of Massachusetts who
has a long resume of fighting waste and corruption, was recruited this summer
for the position. Cerasoli stunned city officials by not taking a city car,
opting instead to use his personal car, and moving into a small, loaned office
on the third floor of Loyola University's Monroe Library.

Unlike the FBI, which investigates individuals, Cerasoli said his job will be to
examine the system to see where changes can be made to prevent corruption. He
said his first task will be to study the city charter and its many agencies,
commissions and quasi-governmental bodies, looking for conflicts of interest.
"I'm certainly going to find corruption along the way," he said.

Though hired by the city, Cerasoli said it is still not known whether the city
will block access to records and files or give him the money and access needed
to do his job. The City Council is expected to announce his budget Nov. 1.

"This is going to go down nice, or it's going to go down nasty," he said. "If
they back me into a corner, I'm going to be very aggressive ... I'm not going
away."

A New Orleans native, Letten said he witnessed how corruption over the past
decades drove many from the city. But following Katrina, he has noticed a
willingness from people to come forward and call out corrupt officials, he said.

"I don't know that Louisiana or New Orleans is measurably more corrupt than
other places," Letten said. "I do believe that as a culture we've been
exceedingly tolerant of it."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Sean Gardner for USA TODAY (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 27, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Vigilant Police Panel

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 259 words



To the Editor;

Re "Mayor's Panel on Corruption Faces Scrutiny" (news article, Sept. 22), on the
Commission to Combat Police Corruption: You describe criticism of the staff's
lack of law enforcement experience and then point to one inexperienced
investigator. This ignores the fact that the commission members and others on
the staff have extensive law enforcement and criminal justice experience.

Criticism of the effectiveness of the commission's work is also cited, but you
don't mention the extensive monitoring that the group does on a daily basis of
significant investigations by the Internal Affairs Bureau. Also unnoted are the
detailed analyses released by the commission during the last year and a half
that have contributed to creation of new policies or programs or to
reinvigoration of existing policies.

Your article asserts that the commission has failed to release completed studies
for long periods of time. In the case of the action desk, where corruption
complaints are received, you said a study of operations had been held since last
year. But the draft, though it had been discussed with Internal Afairs in July,
was only sent to the Commissioner for comment in early August. The department
argued that the sample period for that study predated extensive changes that
improved the action desk, so it was decided to update the sample.

A report describing results for both samples will be released shortly.

RICHARD J. DAVIS
New York, Sept. 24, 1997

Chairman, Commission to Combat
Police Corruption

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 27, 1990, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Disciplinary Actions by the House

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 609 words



EXPULSION

1861: John B. Clark, Democrat of Missouri, for support of rebellion.

1861: Henry C. Burnett, Democrat of Kentucky, for support of rebellion.

1861: John W. Reid, Democrat of Missouri, for support of rebellion.

1861: Michael (Ozzie) Myers, Democrat of Pennsylvania, for corruption in
connection with the ''Abscam'' scandal.

CENSURE

In a censure proceeding, the member must stand in the well of the chamber and
face his colleagues as charges against him are read.

1832: William Stanbery, Democrat of Ohio, for insult to Speaker.

1842: Joshua R. Giddings, Whig of Ohio, for offensive paper.

1856: Laurence M. Keitt, Democrat of South Carolina, for complicity in assault
on a senator.

1864: Alexander Long, Democrat of Ohio, for treasonable utterance.

1864: Benjamin G. Harris, Democrat of Maryland, for treasonable utterance.

1866: John W. Chanler, Democrat of New York, for insult to the House.

1866: Lovell H. Rousseau, Republican of Kentucky, the assault on a
representative.

1868: Fernando Wood, Democrat of New York, for offensive utterance.

1868: E.D. Holbrook, Democrat of Idaho, for offensive utterance.

1870: Benjamin F. Whittemore, Republican of South Carolina, for corruption.

1870: Roderick R. Butler, Republican of Tennessee, for corruption.

1870: John T. Dweese, Democrat of North Carolina, for corruption.

1873: Oakes Ames, Republican of Massachusetts, for corruption.

1873: James Brooks, Democrat of New York, for corruption.

1875: John Y. Brown, Democrat of Kentucky, for insult to a representative. (The
House later rescinded part of the censure resolution against him).

1890: William D. Bynun, Democratic of Indiana, for offensive utterance.

1921: Thomas L. Blanton, Democrat of Texas, for inserting offensive material
into the Congressional Record.

1979: Charles C. Diggs Jr., Democrat of Michigan, for misusing clerk-hire funds.
House voted down a motion to expel him.

1980: Charles H. Wilson, Democrat of California, for financial misconduct.
Accepted contributions from individuals with direct interest in legislation and
misused campaign contributions.

1983: Gerry E. Studds, Democrat of Massachusetts, for having sexual relations
with teenage pages.

1983: Daniel B. Crane, Republican of Illinois, for having sexual relations with
teenage pages.

REPRIMAND

A lighter form of penalty. The member need not be present when the House votes
on the action.

1976: Robert L. F. Sikes, Democrat of Florida, for financial misconduct. Failed
to disclose ownership in stock and used his office to further the interests of
companies in which he was a stockholder.

1978: Edward R. Roybal, Democrat of California, for lying under oath about
accepting contributions from South Korean lobbyist Tongsun Park. The House
rejected an ethics committee recommendation to censure him.

1978: John J. McFall, Democrat of California, for breaking House disclosure
rules and accepting illegal contributions from Mr. Park.

1978: Charles H. Wilson, Democrat of California, for breaking House disclosure
rules and accepting illegal contributions from Mr. Park.

1984: George Hansen, Republican of Idaho, for failing to comply with Federal law
that requires public officials to disclose their financial holdings. He had been
convicted of four felony counts in the matter.

1987: Austin J. Murphy, Democrat of Pennsylvania, for violating House rules by
having someone else vote for him on two occasions in 1978.

(Source: Congressional Quarterly)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Chronology

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company

                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday

Departing FBI chief hopes investigations offer deterrent

BYLINE: By Daniel Borunda \ EL PASO TIMES

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 737 words


The departing leader of the FBI in El Paso hopes recent investigations,
indictments and convictions in public corruption cases will deter similar
actions in the future.

David Cuthbertson, special agent in charge of the El Paso division of the FBI,
is leaving later this month after receiving a promotion to assistant director at
the bureau's Criminal Justice Information Services Division in West Virginia.

Cuthbertson has run the local FBI office for 3c years. He sat down in his office
on Wednesday, speaking with local news media members about his tenure at a
division covering all of West Texas.

"I'm very pleased with the deliberate and consistent progress we've made in our
public corruption investigations to date," Cuthbertson said. "It's very
satisfying to see those things progress in an orderly fashion."

Since June 2007, FBI investigations have resulted in 19 elected officials,
business people and lawyers pleading guilty or being convicted in connection to
public corruption in El Paso County.

The latest arrest was Monday when federal agents arrested El Paso Independent
School District Superintendent Lorenzo Garcca. Garcca is accused of steering a
$450,000 contract to the company of a woman with whom he had a personal
relationship.

Some corruption investigations began under Cuthbertson's predecessor, Manuel
Mora. Cuthbertson is confident that whoever is the next special agent in charge,
known as the SAC, will continue looking for those who betray the public's trust.

"Public corruption is a high priority of the FBI nationwide," Cuthbertson said.
"My successor will have those same priorities that we have here. You should see
really no change in the folks in this office on public corruption."

Cuthbertson's last day is Aug. 26. His successor has not been announced but
Assistant Special Agent in Charge W. Jay Abbot will be the interim boss.

Cuthbertson, who has been with the FBI for 23 years, hopes his agency's efforts
to weed out corruption are making an impact.

"Our hope is that the environment has changed -- that the successful
prosecutions, the issuance of indictments has changed the environment,"
Cuthbertson said.

"Those that think they would conduct these activities might think again," he
said. "They would know the El Paso division of the FBI and along with our
partners are watching. The citizens of El Paso deserve better. The citizens of
El Paso deserve to know that their tax dollars are used for the public good and
they are not used for private enrichment."

Corruption is not unique to El Paso and is investigated across the nation,
Cuthbertson said. "It is not relegated to one section of the country," he said.
"It's not relegated to border towns. It's a nationwide problem. We just see it
in El Paso quite vividly."

In addition to corruption, the local FBI has been busy with investigations into
the notorious Barrio Azteca and other criminal organizations. Cuthbertson feels
the prosecution of Azteca leaders has helped keep the violent, cross-border gang
in check.

"It has kept them back on their heels, if nothing else," Cuthbertson said. " ...
The one thing I kind of regret is that we have not accomplished yet the capture
our top 10 fugitive Eduardo Ravelo, the reported leader of the Barrio Azteca in
Juárez."

Ravelo, a reputed gang capo nicknamed "Tablas," was added to the list of the
nation's 10 most-wanted fugitives in 2009.

Cuthbertson said Ravelo is a key part of an investigation into the fatal
shooting of three people linked to the U.S. Consulate in Juárez.

"We really try to see justice for the victims," Cuthbertson said. "I think the
consulate murder investigation was a case that touched us all very personally."

Last week, Mexican authorities arrested Josc Antonio "El Diego" Acosta
Hernández, the reputed leader of the La Linea crime group who was also indicted
by the U.S. in the consulate homicides.

"It was a great arrest by our Mexican counterparts," Cuthbertson said.
"Obviously, he was indicted in our case and we will seek his extradition."

Cuthbertson said the cooperation that the FBI receives from other law
enforcement agencies is vital on both sides of the border.

"We're losing a good agent -- a very good working colleague," El Paso Police
Chief Greg Allen said about Cuthbertson's departure. "I hope his replacement is
half as good."

Times reporter Marty Schalden contributed to this story.

Daniel Borunda may be reached at dborunda@elpasotimes.com; 546-6102.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Cuthbertson, the head of the FBI office in El Paso is being
promoted and moved out of town.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                                 April 1, 2012

They Wished They Were Honest: The Knapp Commission and New York City Police
Corruption

BYLINE: Alyssa Vincent

SECTION: REVIEWS; Social Sciences; Pg. 87 Vol. 137 No. 06

LENGTH: 178 words


In April 1970, New York police officer Frank Serpico made headlines for speaking
out about the force's widespread corruption, which the mayor had allegedly
ignored. The Knapp Commission was formed that summer to identify any and all
widespread patterns of corruption in the New York Police Department. In this
book, Armstrong, chief counsel for the commission, lays out a detailed history
of the Knapp Commission. He painstakingly outlines the successes and failures of
the commission, and what emerges is a clear picture of both a troubled police
department and the individuals who tried to expose it to the public.

VERDICT Armstrong cites several books written around the time of these events,
such as Robert Daley's Target Blue, but his reliance on his memories, notes, and
transcripts enhances the value of this book. Readers who enjoy legal memoirs and
books on police and New York City history will find this compelling. An
impartial and detailed account of one of the most corrupt eras in recent police
history.--Alyssa Vincent, Emporia State Univ. Lib., Portland, OR

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2012 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 15, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CRIST ASKS FOR STATE CORRUPTION GRAND JURY

BYLINE: By DARA KAM and JENNIFER SORENTRUE Palm Beach Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 696 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Gov. Charlie Crist, citing a three-year spate of corruption arrests, has asked
for a grand jury to investigate public corruption throughout the state.

Crist petitioned the Florida Supreme Court on Wednesday to empanel a grand jury
that would start its focus on corruption in Palm Beach, Broward, Miami-Dade and
Monroe counties and the judicial circuit that includes Charlotte, Collier,
Glades, Hendry and Lee counties.

Ethics law experts and political observers disagreed on whether Crist's
initiative aims to battle nefarious public servants or bolster the governor's
aspirations as a U.S. Senate candidate.

Broward County Assistant State Attorney Tim Donnelly, head of the office's
special prosecutions and public corruption unit, said he would welcome the
additional scrutiny.

"The more people that look at public corruption, the better," he said. "The more
people that are aware of the problems, how can it not be beneficial?"

Two Broward County officials were arrested on corruption charges in recent
weeks, as was an influential Hollywood fund-raiser who served on the governor's
transition team, Alan Mendelsohn.

Crist's move also won endorsements from Senate President Jeff Atwater, R-North
Palm Beach, and Attorney General Bill McCollum, a Republican candidate to
replace Crist as governor.

But Tony Alfieri, director of the Center for Ethics and Public Service at the
University of Miami law school, said the initiative was tainted by mixed
motives.

"On the one hand, he seems genuinely interested in leading an anti-corruption
campaign, although certainly he could do more in terms of supporting regulation
that would hinder or mitigate corruption," Alfieri said. "On the other hand, he
wants to create the impression of being tough on crime and a crime fighter. This
enables him to take credit for what many might see as an empty gesture but one
that might advance his ambitions."

The assignment -- that the panel investigate public corruption from bribery to
other seemingly unrelated crimes such as child pornography and drug offenses --
sets forth a "monumental task" so broad as to possibly be untenable, said former
Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Gerald Kogan, a veteran of anti-corruption
efforts in Miami-Dade County.

In Palm Beach County, three county commissioners and two West Palm Beach city
commissioners have been convicted on corruption charges in the past four years.
Crist's proposal prompted criticism from some officials who said it could
duplicate recommendations already being implemented based on the findings of a
local grand jury.

County administrators recently announced they will create an inspector general's
office to serve as a government watchdog. A coalition of civic and business
leaders has proposed its own plan for the investigative unit.

"If you want to do something, then form something in Tallahassee that makes
recommendations," County Commission Chairman Jeff Koons said.

Marty Rogol, a spokesman for the coalition, called the governor's push for a
statewide grand jury panel "a little late."

"We are well along the road to change," he said.

State Attorney Michael McAuliffe, who convened the grand jury in Palm Beach
County, said of the governor: "He may have missed the copy of the Palm Beach
County presentment that I sent him on May 28." He said he would send it again.

The report suggested major changes in state law that would give state attorney's
offices leverage similar to what federal prosecutors have to fight corruption.
Legislators should start vetting and enacting those changes when they convene
this spring, McAuliffe said.

"It's great to have a yearlong grand jury, but it's not a lack of ideas, it's a
lack of political will," said state Sen. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, a former
prosecutor who is running for attorney general. Gelber said he is searching for
a House Republican to help sponsor his proposal to let state attorneys prosecute
under the theft of honest services law, which was one of the recommendations
from Palm Beach County's grand jury.

Gelber introduced a bill along those lines last year, but it did not receive a
hearing.

Staff writer Michael C. Bender contributed to this story.

~ dara_kam@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Join the chat Is a statewide grand jury necessary? Offer your comments.
PostOn Politics.comCrist's corruption cases in South Florida Gov. Charlie Crist
has suspended or removed 31 state or local officials accused of crimes or other
improprieties. He also has been called upon to name replacements for officials
who resigned in the face of criminal charges. Among those replaced: * Palm Beach
County Commissioners Mary McCarty and Warren Newell. * In Broward County, a
county commissioner, a school board member, a Deerfield Beach mayor, a Hollywood
commissioner and a Miramar councilman. * In Miami-Dade County, two Miami
commissioners and a Medley councilman. * In Monroe County, a schools
superintendent.Inside S. Florida officialsremoved from office underGov.Crist. 4A

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                           November 11, 1997, Tuesday

Better government salaries would lead to less corruption_

SECTION: Editorial

LENGTH: 162 words

DATELINE: 11/11/97


In the last few years, accusations of corruption among government authorities
defeated or weakended governments in many countries. There is no infallible
manner to put an end to corrupt behavior, but certain measures would reduce the
temptations.

Elected and appointed authorities may at times betray the public's trust due to
the manner in which they conduct the inspection of companies and workers'
unions, as well as the manner in which they purchase or sell goods and services.
Temptations arise because government employees are usually poorly paid and some
may be receptive to bribes. When those temptations exist underneath a set of
complex norms, corruption opportunities multiply.

The only way to reduce corruption permanently is to decrease governments' role
drastically within the economy. (Gazeta Mercantil) (Gary S. Becker, 1992 Nobel
Prize winner in Economics and teacher of the University of Chicago and
researcher at the Hoover Institution)

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

LANGUAGE-SPOKEN: PORTUGUESE

ORIG-LANGUAGE: PORTUGUESE

                      Copyright 1997 Gazeta Mercantil Inc.

                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 28, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Mollen Panel to Recommend Permanent Corruption Body

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 740 words


A mayoral panel on police corruption will recommend today the creation of a
permanent independent agency to monitor police misconduct, New York City
officials said yesterday.

The officials said the panel, known as the Mollen Commission, will recommend
that the new body have subpoena power and the authority to conduct its own
investigations of graft and misconduct in the city's 30,000-member Police
Department. The agency would act as an oversight body to scrutinize the
department's internal methods for investigating and deterring graft and other
abuses, according to the officials.

But they said the new agency -- with five unpaid commissioners and a paid staff
of lawyers and investigators -- would not have the power to prosecute criminal
cases; that would remain the responsibility of local district attorneys or
Federal prosecutors.

The officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said they had been
advised of the principal findings of an interim report that will be released
today.

But it is unclear whether Mayor-elect Rudolph W. Giuliani is likely to endorse
any of the recommendations made by the Mollen Commission, which was appointed by
Mayor David N. Dinkins. Mr. Giuliani has said that he favored a special
prosecutor to root out police corruption.

Milton Mollen, the chairman of the panel, said that the report was delivered
yesterday to Mr. Dinkins and to Mr. Giuliani, whose term begins on Saturday. A
final, more extensive report will be given to Mr. Giuliani in April or May, Mr.
Mollen said.

A spokesman for Mayor Dinkins said yesterday that the Mollen Commission's report
today would include findings that some delegates of the Patrolmen's Benevolent
Association, the main police union, may have attempted to block corruption
investigations.

'Particularly Disturbed'

Leland T. Jones, Mr. Dinkins's press secretary, said last night that the Mayor
was "particularly disturbed" by a finding in the preliminary report that "a
variety of sources including police officers have reported that police unions
helped perpetuate the characteristics of a police culture that fosters
corruption."

Mr. Jones said Mr. Dinkins "in particular was disturbed that the commission
learned that delegates of the P.B.A. have attempted to thwart law-enforcement
efforts into police corruption." Mr. Jones declined to be more specific about
the findings, saying that he had not read the report, but that Mr. Dinkins had
said his comments about the union stemmed from assertions by the commission.

Relations between the P.B.A. and Mayor Dinkins have been strained for some time.
The P.B.A actively campaigned for Mr. Giuliani during the mayoral race, not only
endorsing him but running ads supporting him and attacking Mr. Dinkins.

Mr. Mollen and the four other members of the commission declined yesterday to
discuss the report. The panel was appointed by Mr. Dinkins in the summer of 1992
after six city police officers were arrested in Suffolk County on
cocaine-trafficking charges.

At hearings last October, the commission heard testimony from admitted former
rogue officers of how separate bands of officers robbed drug dealers, offered
protection to other dealers and assaulted innocent residents in poor and
crime-ridden neighborhoods.

At the close of the hearings, all the commission members suggested they
supported creating an independent body or auditor to oversee the department's
internal system for fighting corruption, but they did not specify how the unit
should function.

It was unclear yesterday if Mr. Giuliani would support the commission's concept
of a permanent review agency. Officials said the commission rejected the
establishment of an inspector general or a special prosecutor to oversee the
anti-corruption efforts.

Mr. Giuliani, a former Federal prosecutor who supervised many police and other
corruption cases, said during the mayoral race that he favored re-creating the
office of a special state prosecutor to investigate police corruption. The
special prosecutor's post, which was established in 1973 as a temporary office
after a previous police corruption scandal, was abolished in 1990 by Gov. Mario
M. Cuomo and the Legislature.

Last week, aides to Mr. Giuliani, who spoke only on the condition of anonymity,
said it was unlikely that he would fully accept the proposals of a commission
that in effect is a lame-duck group appointed by a lame-duck Mayor.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 29, 1993, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about a panel investigating
corruption in the New York City Police Department misstated the position of the
Patrolmen's Benevolent Association in the recent mayoral campaign. Although
individual union officials supported Rudolph W. Giuliani, the union did not
endorse either candidate. The article also referred incorrectly to
advertisements placed by the union.  They criticized Mayor David N. Dinkins, but
did not express support for Mr. Giuliani.


GRAPHIC: Photo: Milton Mollen, chairman of the Mollen Commission, which has
recommended creation of an independent agency to combat police corruption in New
York City. (Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 23, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Meese Calls Corruption a Top Target

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 101 words


Edwin Meese 3d, the United States Attorney General, addressing the Association
for a Better New York yesterday at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.

Mr. Meese said that public corruption was one of the Justice Department's top
priorities and that New York ''will be a better city'' when the current
investigations into official wrongdoing are completed. He said that there was
''nothing worse than a corrupt public official,'' but noted that corruption was
''not just a New York problem,'' pointing to similar problems in Philadelphia,
Chicago, Boston, Washington and other large cities. (NYT/John Sotomayor)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Caption

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           September 7, 2010 Tuesday

Gubernatorial candidate Corbett plays anti-corruption card

BYLINE: Debra Erdley

LENGTH: 1387 words


NOTE: The Tribune-Review profiled Democratic gubernatorial candidate Dan Onorato
on Monday.

The parallels are hard to escape.

In 1978, Republican nominee Richard Thornburgh, a crusading federal prosecutor
from Pittsburgh, rode a reputation for putting corrupt politicians in prison to
the governor's mansion, beating a Pittsburgh Democrat along the way.

Three decades later, GOP hopeful Tom Corbett, a former federal prosecutor in
Pittsburgh, is relying on a reputation for sending corrupt lawmakers and aides
to prison to follow in Thornburgh's footsteps. He, too, needs to defeat a
Pittsburgh Democrat -- Allegheny County Chief Executive Dan Onorato.

"I've walked in those shoes before," Thornburgh said of Corbett. "It is
legitimate for him to call himself a reformer."

In the biggest public corruption probe in at least three decades, Corbett
charged 25 state lawmakers, former lawmakers and staffers with public corruption
during the past two years. His staff has tallied 3 convictions, 7 guilty pleas
and 2 acquittals in the cases, most of which involve funneling public resources
to political campaigns.

The list includes former House Whip Mike Veon, a powerful Beaver County Democrat
serving a prison sentence.

The 13 defendants awaiting trial include two former House speakers, Democrat
Bill DeWeese of Greene County and Republican John Perzel of Philadelphia. Ten of
those awaiting trial are Republicans.

Attorney Mark Schwartz, an aide in the 1970s to then-House Speaker K. LeRoy
Irvis, an Oakland Democrat, said it's eerie how Corbett mirrors Thornburgh.

"He probably has been a little more even-handed going after Republicans as well
as Democrats," Schwartz said. "But this is the Thornburgh playbook, right down
to the press conferences."

Corbett spent two decades of his 34-year legal career as a prosecutor.

"If you want to understand me, understand that I'm a U.S. attorney. And we do
things the same way," Corbett said. "Harrisburg hasn't figured it out yet."

He said he never patterned himself after Thornburgh, a U.S. attorney who served
as attorney general of the United States during the Reagan administration after
two terms as governor.

"I sat at (Thornburgh's) desk; his desk was my desk. I have a picture where I'm
with him when he was attorney general after I was sworn in," Corbett said.

Both men pay homage to Elsie Hillman of Squirrel Hill, the grand dame of
Pittsburgh Republicans.

"I just recognized honest people who are committed to public service," Hillman
said. "It's luck to find people like this."

Thornburgh said Hillman was first to call him about his likely appointment in
1969 as U.S attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania.

Corbett said Hillman tapped him to run the elder George Bush's 1988 presidential
effort in Western Pennsylvania. A year later, Bush appointed Corbett as U.S.
attorney here.

Back then, Duquesne University law professor Joe Mistick was chief of staff to
Pittsburgh Mayor Sophie Masloff, a Democrat. He remembers the day a receptionist
alerted him that Corbett was waiting to see him.

"He hadn't called. He just walked across town. ... I steeled myself. I wondered
who had done what wrong," Mistick said.

Corbett told Mistick the Justice Department had money for cities to tackle drugs
and rebuild communities. The resulting partnership -- Pittsburgh's Weed and Seed
program -- became a model for the nation.

Corbett's post as state attorney general has been a waiting room for aspiring
Republicans, who have held the job since it became an elective office in 1981.
At least two other gubernatorial hopefuls began campaigns from there.

Corbett oversees 800 employees in the Attorney General's Office. A former
employee's whistleblower lawsuit against Corbett, alleging improprieties in the
office, is pending.

Former Senior Deputy Attorney General Thomas Kimmett claims he was fired for
bringing evidence of improprieties in the Financial Enforcement Section to his
superiors. The lawsuit, scheduled for trial this year, claims collection
companies were paid richly for work the attorney general's staff did.

"I find it hard to believe no one mentioned to Tom Corbett the types of things
that were being done," said Charles Kimmett, a Washington lawyer who is
representing his uncle in the suit.

Corbett declined to comment on the litigation.

In court filings, Corbett said he delegated decisions about day-to-day personnel
matters to supervisors. He said Kimmett was fired Nov. 21, 2008, after the
former prosecutor filed a lengthy objection to a plan to address deficiencies in
his performance review.

Other former employees are more complimentary. North Carolina lawyer Bill
Conley, who worked with Corbett in the state and federal prosecutor's offices,
said Corbett is a good listener, solicits ideas, encourages debate and then
delegates.

Conley said Corbett was well-grounded, down-to-earth. "I think he still lives in
the same house he grew up in," Conley said.

Almost.

He's married to his college sweetheart, Susan Manbeck Corbett. She left Western
Pennsylvania four years ago to become vice president of the Gettysburg
Foundation, a nonprofit that promotes the historic battlefield and its museums.

Until recently, her boss was Robert Wilburn, former Thornburgh budget secretary.

Despite their life in Central Pennsylvania, the Corbetts maintain the Shaler
home where he grew up and the couple raised their children.

Corbett sampled corporate America as a lobbyist for garbage giant Waste
Management before his 2004 campaign for attorney general.

He won that race by a razor thin margin but amassed the biggest GOP win in the
state in his 2008 re-election.

Earlier this year, Corbett joined 13 other state attorneys general -- 12 of them
Republicans -- in a lawsuit to halt the federal health care overhaul touted by
President Obama and Democrats.

Lawyers, insurance executives, energy company officials and GOP stalwarts were
among those who came through with $8.5 million for Corbett's GOP primary this
year.

Corbett wants to ban political contributions and gifts from those seeking state
work. But he chafes at caps on campaign contributions.

"It really comes down to a free speech issue," he said.

Corbett said publicly reported campaign contributions serve the public's
interest, not laws regulating how much anyone can give.

In 2004, a court ordered a Republican campaign organization to disclose who
provided $450,000 it funneled to Corbett's campaign. The ruling eventually
identified Chesapeake Energy CEO Aubrey McClendon as the donor. Earlier this
year, news reports identified a Boca Raton housewife who contributed $180,000 to
Corbett's gubernatorial campaign as the spouse of another energy executive, East
Resources CEO Terry Pegula.

Asked about those donations, Corbett said the news media detailed the
contributions and identified the donors. He said such contributions do not
influence him.

Corbett has said he supports responsible regulations on gas drillers, but he
opposes Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell's moratorium on leasing state lands for
drilling and a proposed gas extraction tax.

In a TV interview in the spring, Corbett said his no-new-taxes pledge included a
ban on fees. More recently, he pointed to the language of the pledge, noting it
does not include fees.

The candidate mined a few long-time GOP favorites for his campaign: pledges to
advocate for school choice scholarships and privatizing the state's liquor
stores.

Corbett's other reform proposals include: reducing the size and cost of state
government by 10 percent; putting expenditures online; eliminating lawmakers'
discretionary grants commonly known as walking-around-money; capping legislative
leadership funds; ending legislative per diems; and establishing two-year state
budgets.

Patrick Thomassey, a prominent Pittsburgh defense attorney sworn in with Corbett
as an Allegheny County assistant district attorney in 1976, said Corbett's
"people skills" ensure he'll stay in touch with voters.

"When we were young prosecutors, he could talk to the vice president of U.S.
Steel or the guy who was digging ditches on the pipeline," Thomassey recalled.

"Tom has his finger on the pulse of the community. He's a realist. We need
someone who can temper what the people want with what's realistic. I think Tom
can do that. And I'm a Democrat."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 26, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Morgenthau Creates Unit to Root Out Police Corruption

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 753 words


Faced with a growing tide of police-corruption complaints, the Manhattan
District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, has established a special unit with a
new investigative strategy to handle only police cases.

And in a shift from the traditional policy of beginning inquiries into possible
police misconduct only after receiving complaints, the unit is initiating
investigations by looking for patterns of misconduct, setting up sting
operations to test the honesty of officers and routinely questioning arrested
drug dealers to determine if they have been paying for protection.

The move comes as the Police Department has been rocked by criminal charges of
corruption -- especially in narcotics enforcement -- and complaints of bungling
by the department's Internal Affairs Bureau. The allegations have prompted Mayor
David N. Dinkins to appoint an independent panel, the Mollen Commission, to
report on the extent of corruption and how well the police monitor themselves.

Michael J. Cherkasky, the head of the Investigations Division in the District
Attorney's office, said the Mollen Commission and the Police Department's
Internal Affairs Bureau have passed along all complaints that fall into the
Manhattan office's jurisdiction. The unit is also cooperating with the United
States Attorney's office in Manhattan on several corruption matters, Mr.
Cherkasky said.

Surveillance Is Difficult

"These cases are complex and require large commitments of people and time." Mr.
Morgenthau said. "Surveillance is particularly difficult because police officers
are experts at that themselves."

While the district attorneys in the city's four other boroughs have units that
investigate corruption by public employees, the Manhattan group is the only one
established by a city prosecutor exclusively to root out corruption in the
city's Police Department. Mr. Cherkasky said that some of the unit's inquiries
may overlap into other boroughs or jurisdictions outside Manhattan.

The group, known as the Official Corruption Unit and established late last year,
was moved in January from the District Attorney's building at 1 Hogan Place in
lower Manhattan to offices at 84 Wooster Street in SoHo to reduce risks that
cooperating witnesses might be recognized.

'Looking for Patterns'

Mr. Cherkasky said the unit had adopted tactics used in investigations of
organized crime figures and labor racketeering. "These include looking for
patterns of corruption and setting up situations to see if specific people are
doing what we suspect they are doing and using wires and taps to get evidence,"
he said.

In addition to questioning drug dealers, investigators will seek help from
illegal aliens, prostitutes and informers who might be vulnerable to demands for
payoffs to avoid arrests, Mr. Cherkasky said. As an example of the new tactics,
Mr. Cherkasky said drug dealers who are believed to making payoffs for
protection might be "targeted for arrests, with the prospect that they will
agree to cooperate in corruption cases."

Police union officials assert that drug dealers frequently make false
accusations against officers in an effort to get criminal charges against
themselves softened or to discourage future arrests. Asked about the propriety
of reducing charges against drug dealers in return for assistance in arresting
rogue officers, Mr. Cherkasksy said, "Unfortunately, that is part of the job."

Integrity a Major Issue

A police spokeswoman, Suzanne Trazoff, the Deputy Commissioner for Public
Information, said yesterday: "Commissioner Kelly has identified integrity as one
of the top issues on his agenda. We've always worked very closely and very well
with the Manhattan District Attorney's office, and we would expect to do the
same with any investigation it conducts aimed at rooting out corruption in the
Police Department."

The city's last major police corruption scandal occurred in the early 1970's
when another mayoral panel, the Knapp Commission, found that graft was systemic,
with entire police units engaged in illegal acts or overlooking them.

Asked if the anticorruption unit had uncovered similar widespread problems, Mr.
Cherkasky said: "The Mollen Commission is going to address that overview
problem. At this point, we have not found any evidence of systemic corruption
but we have run across significant problems."

The Manhattan unit consists of five assistant district attorneys and eight
investigators, and is headed by William Burmeister, a prosecutor.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Norfolk FBI Requests the Public's Assistance to Combat Public
Corruption

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Special Agent in Charge John S. Adams of the FBI's Norfolk Division announced
today a new initiative designed to solicit the public's help in identifying and
targeting public corruption.

The initiative includes the launch of a new, toll-free tip line number,
1-844-FIGHTPC (1-844-344-4873), a billboard campaign, and a free public
corruption seminar open to the Hampton Roads community.

Public corruption is the FBI's top criminal priority because it undermines the
integrity of our government and erodes public trust. It is a violation of
federal law for any federal, state, or local government official to receive
anything of value in exchange for or because of any official act. The FBI relies
heavily on our local, state, and federal partners to root out corruption, but
concerned citizens are our biggest asset when it comes to exposing public
officials who abuse their position for personal gain. As a result, the Norfolk
Division has set up a free, confidential hotline at 1-844-FIGHTPC to provide an
easy way for the public to report suspicious activity occurring in Hampton
Roads. Online tips can also be submitted at tips.fbi.gov.

Citizens who are interested in learning more about public corruption--what they
can look for and how they can help--are invited to a free seminar entitled:
Aware.Prepare.Prevent--Public Corruption, on Thursday, April 23, 2015, 4:00
p.m., at the Chesapeake Conference Center, 700 Conference Center Drive,
Chesapeake. For more information about this seminar or to register in advance,
please call (757)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Norfolk FBI Requests the Public's Assistance to Combat Public
Corruption

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Special Agent in Charge John S. Adams of the FBI's Norfolk Division announced
today a new initiative designed to solicit the public's help in identifying and
targeting public corruption.

The initiative includes the launch of a new, toll-free tip line number,
1-844-FIGHTPC (1-844-344-4873), a billboard campaign, and a free public
corruption seminar open to the Hampton Roads community.

Public corruption is the FBI's top criminal priority because it undermines the
integrity of our government and erodes public trust. It is a violation of
federal law for any federal, state, or local government official to receive
anything of value in exchange for or because of any official act. The FBI relies
heavily on our local, state, and federal partners to root out corruption, but
concerned citizens are our biggest asset when it comes to exposing public
officials who abuse their position for personal gain. As a result, the Norfolk
Division has set up a free, confidential hotline at 1-844-FIGHTPC to provide an
easy way for the public to report suspicious activity occurring in Hampton
Roads. Online tips can also be submitted at tips.fbi.gov.

Citizens who are interested in learning more about public corruption--what they
can look for and how they can help--are invited to a free seminar entitled:
Aware.Prepare.Prevent--Public Corruption, on Thursday, April 23, 2015, 4:00
p.m., at the Chesapeake Conference Center, 700 Conference Center Drive,
Chesapeake. For more information about this seminar or to register in advance,
please call (757)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The NEWS (Monrovia)

                                 March 29, 2013

Bong Citizens in America to Honor Young Advocate

BYLINE: Emmanuel T. Degleh

LENGTH: 516 words


The United Bong County Citizens Association in the United States of America has
selected a youthful political advocate, Fahlon Gbakoyah, as their "anti-
corruption campaigner" of the year 2012 for his unwavering quest and advocacy
against corruption in Bong County over the years.

In a communication addressed to Mr. Gbakoyah, dated March 9, 2013, a copy which
is in possession of The NEWS, quotes Christian Kolleh, President of the
Association of Bong Citizens in the United States, as saying "Your selection is
in recognition of your valuable contribution in helping to curb corruption and
other negative vices in the county."

According to the association, the honor is expected to be bestowed on Mr.
Gbakoyah in Des Moine, Iowa USA, on April 6, 2013 during the origination's
official launching of its Des Moine, Iowa Chapter which will also coincide with
the 2013 General Convention.

Mr. Gbakoyah came to the limelight of political advocacy in 2008 when he alarmed
over a corruption saga involving former Bong County Superintendent now Deputy
Internal Affairs Minister for Operation, Ranney Jackson, for allegedly taking
US$7,800 from a scrap committee in Bong Mines in the name of President Johnson
Sirleaf.

When investigation into the deal was probed, it was proven that President
Sirleaf did not instruct to collect any money from the scrap committee. It was
also proven that US$147,030 disbursed to contractors for the rehabilitation of
the Fuamah-Handi road project was never done.

There were also reports of questionable transactions associated with the
mismanagement of the county development fund, among other situations triggered
the suspension of Superintendent Jackson by President Sirleaf.

While remaining critical of the administration of former Bong County
Superintendent Jackson, Gbakoyah was arrested and detained by Police in Bong
County on the order of the former superintendent in 2008.

Speaking in an interview with The News recently, Mr. Gbakoyah said he considers
the honor as a victory for the people of Bong County, which he never thought he
would have been recognized today.

"It was a surprise to me when I received the communication that I will be
honored for my stance against corruption. I will like to dedicate this honor to
youth of Bong and the peace loving people of Fuamah and Sanoyea districts as
well as the entire people of the county," he said.

He added that the honor will rejuvenate his quest to keep his head up high in
his advocacy to see corruption minimize in Bong and other parts of the country.

Mr. Gbakoyah indicated that corruption is deeply entrenched in the country
despite President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf's declaration on corruption as number
one public enemy.

He believes that the development of Liberia as a nation would be elusive if
corruption remains a common practice in the country.

The honor will bring to two the number of awards the young campaigner has
received for his advocacy for zero tolerance against corruption. It can be
recalled in 2008, the Management of The NEWS Newspaper named as Mr. Gbakoyah as
anti-corruption campaigner of the year.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Bulgarian presidential candidates clash in final debate

LENGTH: 427 words


Text of report in English by Bulgarian news agency website Novinite on 10
November

(Novinite.com Domestic) -

With respect to the consequences of November 10, 1989, presidential candidate
Radev said that these were both good and bad.

"Rather, there is hope, although there are oligarchic circles and living
standards are the things we did not get under control," Tsacheva.

"People had high hopes for a quick, brief transition, prosperity, high living
standards. But this happened for only a small part of the citizens. The
disappointment is that there is no justice," specified Radev.

Regarding relations with Russia, Radev stated that these must be based on a
pragmatic basis. I would like for us to gain back a foothold on the markets. I
would like to discuss very seriously the sanctions against Russia.

Tsacheva specified that Bulgaria's key partners are the USA and the EU. Russia
comes after them.

Concerning relations with the USA after the election of Donald Trump, Radev
specified that Bulgaria and the USA are strategic partners in terms of defence
and this cooperation has to continue. There should be a partnership in
investments, especially in state-of-the-art technologies.

Tsacheva underlined the importance of economic relations - the EU should be the
USA's priority and China must come second.

"The USA and Bulgaria are partners and allies in NATO, we have a high degree of
mutual trust where the security system is concerned," explained Tsacheva.

Trump is the choice of American citizens and we should all respect this choice.
As President, I will work with Trump, added Tsacheva.

Radev underlined that Bulgaria has traditionally good strategic relations with
the USA. So the change of a single personality will not have an effect. We have
to look for the new opportunities, added Radev.

With respect to corruption and the judicial reform, Tsacheva underlined: "We did
a lot. We adopted reforms in the constitution and a strategy for judicial
reform. I will not hesitate, if the judicial reform does not work in Bulgarian
society, to use my prerogatives to change the constitution. The anti-corruption
law will be adopted by the end of the year."

"As soon as I am elected President, I will visit the anti-corruption
directorate. Over EUR 2 B have been returned in Romania from anti-corruption
activities. Economic growth there is 4.2%," stated Radev.

Both Tsacheva and Radev agreed that, both now and during the term in office of
BSP, there is corruption at the high levels of power.

Source: Novinite.com website (www.novinite.com) in English 2138 gmt 10 Nov 16

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 16, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CUOMO SEES UNETHICAL ACTS AS FOCUS OF NEW COMMISSION

BYLINE: By BRUCE LAMBERT, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 10, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 15


Governor Cuomo said today that if he appointed a new commission on corruption,
it would not conduct criminal investigations but would expose questionable
practices and work for passage of anti-corruption proposals that have been made
by a state-city panel.

The Governor made his comments to elaborate remarks he had made on Sunday, when
he said ''we are going to do something'' more about corruption. He also said on
Sunday that he was considering establishing a panel, armed with subpoena power,
that would have broad powers to investigate corruption in New York City. He
stressed today that he was not contemplating a panel with powers to prosecute.

''Oh no, no, no - it couldn't be its main purpose,'' Mr. Cuomo told a news
conference, saying a criminal inquiry would duplicate or interfere with local
and Federal prosecutors. ''The investigators are doing a superb job. No one is
complaining we're not enforcing the laws,'' he said.

Instead, Mr. Cuomo said a new body might be needed to focus on unethical, as
distinct from illegal, activities of individuals, as well as system-wide ethical
issues.

Republicans Criticized

He left open the issue of subpoena power. The first panel he and Mayor Koch
appointed on the scandals - headed by Michael I. Sovern, the president of
Columbia University - was not granted such power, although some members wanted
it. But Mr. Cuomo, who had raised on Sunday the prospect of a commission
established under the Moreland Act of 1907, noted that such panels have always
had subpoena power. The Moreland Act gives the Governor the power to appoint a
commission with subpoena power to investigate any state department, board,
bureau or commission.

The Governor, renewing criticism of State Senate Republicans for inaction on
fighting corruption, also said that a new commission should mobilize ''public
interest and public involvement'' for adoption of the changes already proposed
by the Sovern Commission.

Mayor Koch issued a similar denunciation of the Senate Republicans, saying they
have ''steadfastly refused to help achieve the needed reforms.''

The Republicans say that proposing statewide laws is an overreaction to
corruption in New York City and that corruption can be fought under existing
laws.

The Governor said he is asking the Sovern panel ''to tell me whether we need
something more.'' He said he expected a response, ''probably this week, because
we're eager to move quickly.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Hawaii: Pacific Nations Commemorate International Anti-Corruption Day

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Countries around the Pacific held a range of activities today to raise awareness
on the importance of fighting corruption and the role various stakeholders play
in this.

To mark International Anti-Corruption Day, the United Nations supported Pacific
Island Countries to undertake activities that reflect this year's theme, "Zero
Corruption, 100% Development". In Fiji, a youth network to fight corruption is
being launched by Transparency International. In Solomon Islands, a walk against
corruption has been organized. In Kiribati, Vanuatu, Tonga and Tuvalu, media
campaigns, including talk back shows, are being held.

Manager of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Pacific Centre, Dr
Peter Batchelor, said "Corruption remains one of the most significant barriers
to reducing poverty, both in the Pacific and globally. International Anti-
Corruption Day provides an important opportunity for raising awareness and
building commitment to fight corruption, and the growing commitment to anti-
corruption in the region is to be commended," he said.

Ten Pacific Island countries are parties to the United Nations Convention
against Corruption (UNCAC). Last month, representatives from all ten countries -
Cook Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Fiji, Kiribati, Marshall Islands,
Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Palau, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu - attended the fifth
session of the Conference of the States Parties to UNCAC in Panama. Their
participation was supported by the joint United Nations Development Programme
(UNDP) and UN Office of Drugs and Crime (UNODC) Pacific Regional Anti-Corruption
Project (UN-PRAC). Throughout the Conference, the Pacific delegates were able to
express the importance of anti-corruption in their country context and highlight
their national actions to fight corruption. Delegates from the ten Pacific
Island Countries were also able to learn from the experiences and lessons in
fighting corruption from over 130 countries present at the Conference.

In his message for International Anti-Corruption Day, the UN Secretary General
Ban Ki-moon said, "Corruption suppresses economic growth by driving up costs,
and undermines the sustainable management of the environment and natural
resources. It breaches fundamental human rights, exacerbates poverty and
increases inequality by diverting funds from health care, education and other
essential services. The malignant effects of corruption are felt by billions of
people everywhere. It is driven by and results in criminal activity,
malfunctioning state institutions and weak governance."

"On this International Anti-Corruption Day, I urge Governments, the private
sector and civil society to take a collective stand against this complex social,
political and economic disease that affects all countries. To achieve an
equitable, inclusive and more prosperous future for all, we must foster a
culture of integrity, transparency, accountability and good governance," he
said.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: New Billboards Urge Public to Report Wrongdoing by Public Officials
and Private Contractors

LENGTH: 383  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

When you know of public corruption or government fraud, who should you call? New
billboards have been installed along Highway 99 in Fresno and Bakersfield to
alert the public of the toll-free number that enables individuals to report
these crimes to the Sacramento Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
(Sacramento FBI).

"Individuals with an awareness of wrongdoing may not know that they can report
their observations, let alone know who to report the activity to," said
Supervisory Special Agent Malcolm Palmore. "The majority of public officials are
truly committed to the communities they serve; however, the toll-free number
simplifies the reporting process and ensures that we can act as necessary to
investigate allegations and bring those who exploit their public
positions--elected and appointed--for personal or private gain."

The Sacramento FBI's toll-free hotline--855-4-NO-PCGF (855-466-7243)--was
launched approximately one year ago to streamline reporting of public corruption
and government fraud in the 34 counties that the Sacramento FBI serves. The "855
for no public corruption and government fraud" hotline offers the public one
number to remember. The Sacramento FBI then routes the calls to the appropriate
agent in the area where the alleged crime has occurred or is occurring.

While it is possible for a tipster to remain anonymous should an investigation
lead to indictment, callers are asked to leave their names, telephone numbers,
and brief descriptions of their concerns and observations on the voicemail line
to initiate communication. Agents review voicemail daily and contact callers for
follow-up when needed.

What is public corruption and government fraud? Public corruption and government
fraud are white-collar crimes that can impact national security and our way of
life. Such activity wastes billions of tax dollars annually. Examples of these
crimes include bribery, extortion, embezzlement, racketeering, kickbacks, and
money laundering, as well as wire, mail, bank, and tax fraud. The FBI remains
committed to ensuring that such behavior is fully investigated and, if
necessary, prosecuted under the law.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Government power invites corruption

BYLINE: The Orange County Register

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Views; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Panama papers


Sometimes the curtain is pulled aside, allowing us to see what's going on in the
often-opaque worlds of government and finance. Such an occasion has been
happening with what's being called the Panama Papers, released Sunday by the
International Consortium of Investigative Journalists. It's going to take not
months, but years, to wade through the estimated 11 million documents leaked
from a Panamanian law firm that specializes in crafting tax shelters.

But initial disclosures are troubling and offer insight. The documents reference
12 current or former world leaders, as well as 128 other politicians and public
officials, CNN reported. Implicated, in particular, are associates of Russian
President Vladimir Putin; FIFA, the global soccer governing body, 40 of whose
officials were indicted in 2015 by the U.S. Justice Department on corruption
charges; and Iceland's Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson, who resigned
Tuesday.

Panama is notorious for money laundering, especially of drug cartel proceeds.
Doing so is wrong. But it also should be put in context. People launder money
gained through illegal activities, or to avoid high taxes. A fundamental reform
against corruption, therefore, would be to reduce taxes and consider legalizing
some activities that don't involve harm to people.

Here's a great example. Marijuana legalization may have accomplished what the
'war on drugs' has failed to do - put the squeeze on Mexican drug cartel
activity, the San Francisco Chronicle recently reported. The U.S. Border Patrol
has released 2015 data showing that the number of marijuana seizures throughout
the Southwest U.S./Mexico border has fallen to the lowest level in a decade.

Mexican manufacturers of illegal marijuana bricks have driven down prices as
residents in California, Colorado and Washington state now have safe access to
reasonably affordable medical marijuana and/or recreational cannabis. Prices
have dropped by as much as two-thirds, to about $30 a kilo.

More details will be coming out on the Panama Papers. And some activities -
robbery, murder and terrorism - always will be illegal, and related money
laundering ought to be punished. But government best can focus on real crimes by
reducing or eliminating punishment of nonviolent, victimless offenses.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 17, 2009 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

For New Jersey Candidate, First Effort at Ethics Crackdown Was Short-Lived

BYLINE: By DAVID M. HALBFINGER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1007 words


He billed himself as a corruption fighter, questioned the ethics of those in
power and promised to put an end to no-bid contracts for the politically
connected. But when Christopher J. Christie was elected and his reform proposal
was voted down, he gave up the fight and went on to approve hundreds of such
contracts, including more than 50 for contributors to his campaigns.

That was 1994, and the election was to the Morris County Board of Freeholders.
Fifteen years later, Mr. Christie, a Republican, has a seven-year stint as
United States attorney under his belt, his eye on the New Jersey governor's
mansion and the same knack for turning ethical issues into political weaponry.

He has pounded away at Gov. Jon S. Corzine's character in an effort to tie him
to the corruption scandal that ensnared dozens of political figures on bribery
charges last month. He told a New Jersey newspaper that Mr. Corzine's ''broken
promises are the first path toward corruption.'' And his campaign blasted Mr.
Corzine as an ''oblivious bystander'' and an ''enabler'' of corruption, calling
him ''the No. 1 financier of corrupt politicians and county bosses in New
Jersey.''

Meanwhile, Mr. Christie unveiled a 10-point plan for ethical reform, including
expanding a ban on pay-to-play practices like contracts for political donors.
Where Mr. Corzine tried but failed to enact similar measures, Mr. Christie said
he would all but cram his plan down the throats of legislators if they objected.

''They will refuse to act at their political peril,'' he declared.

His strategy is vintage Christie: A look at his career shows he has repeatedly
used the whiff of corruption as a cudgel against political opponents. But his
short-lived attempt to ban no-bid contracts as a freeholder raises questions
over whether his zeal for an ethics overhaul is more than just campaign hype and
would last if he became governor and met resistance from lawmakers he could not
control.

In an interview, Mr. Christie warned against drawing conclusions about his
potential as a reform-minded governor from the demise of one proposal he made as
a rookie politician.

''I'm much better now than I was 15 years ago,'' he said. ''I'm more mature, and
I'm convinced I'll be more successful.''

Mr. Christie still expressed outrage at no-bid contracts when he became a
federal prosecutor -- in 2002, he called them ''the biggest problem in
corruption in New Jersey'' -- but in the interview he backed away somewhat from
his criticism.

''I think there's more things that are involved than I understood at the time,''
he said. ''I no longer think it's the biggest thing, but it's still an element,
no question.''

Still, no-bid contracts have proved one of Mr. Christie's biggest
vulnerabilities.

The Corzine campaign is skewering Mr. Christie in television commercials for
awarding friends and allies lucrative no-bid contracts to monitor corrupt
corporations. Mr. Christie has pointed out that the lawyers were qualified, no
policy was violated and no public funds were involved since the companies paid
the monitors' fees.

In 1994, the stage was smaller and the dollars at stake were fewer, but the
subject was not unfamiliar: Morris County was building a new jail, and the
freeholders had hired a politically  connected architect who had never designed
a prison in a $2 million no-bid deal.

Mr. Christie, then a 31-year-old unknown seeking to distinguish himself in a
large field of candidates for freeholder, seized on the issue, making it the
centerpiece of a good-government platform, along with an ethics code, a ban on
gifts, cuts in freeholders' salaries and an end to patronage hires.

''This is one of the major things I'm running on,'' he said at the time of his
plan to restrict no-bid contracts. ''It makes common sense. It's good
government. Let the chips fall where they may, and get the best people at the
best price. That's the freeholders' job.''

But once in office, he showed little persistence in pushing his proposal, which
turned out to be anything but a ban: It did not apply to law firms, and
freeholders would still be free to ignore bidding results and choose whomever
they liked.

During a work session with fellow freeholders, Mr. Christie twice offered
comments supporting his proposal. But it was defeated 5 to 2. Mr. Christie told
a local reporter that he was ''disappointed but not surprised.'' And that was
the end of Mr. Christie's campaign against no-bid contracts.

In fact, during his three-year term, Mr. Christie voted for more than 440 no-bid
contracts with appraisers, architects, auditors, engineers, graphic artists,
lawyers, even nurses. Some were at rates as low as $50 an hour, but dozens were
worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. Records for many were not available, but
309 contracts whose costs were estimated when they were approved totaled $10.5
million.

The board's minutes show Mr. Christie opposed only one such contract, for
Deloitte & Touche, the auditing firm, in March 1995 -- four months before his
proposal to limit no-bid deals was defeated.

In the interview, Mr. Christie denied that he had abandoned the idea of a ban,
saying that he ''fought very hard'' for it but that ''it was very difficult as
one person of seven.'' He said he saw little merit in voting against other
no-bid contracts merely to make a point. ''I was not a guy who was into protest
votes and grandstanding,'' he said.

Mr. Christie also accepted a total of $17,000 in contributions to his two
campaigns for freeholder and one for State Assembly from the recipients of more
than 50 no-bid contracts.

One of them was Deloitte & Touche, which, despite Mr. Christie's ''no'' vote,
contributed to his failed race for the Assembly in 1995, to the campaign account
he used to finance his 1994 run for freeholder (effectively helping Mr. Christie
to pay back loans to himself) and to his campaign for re-election in 1997, which
he lost.

In 1996 and 1997, Mr. Christie approved all four Deloitte no-bid contracts that
came up for a vote.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Christopher J. Christie, the Republican candidate for New Jersey
governor, entered politics as a Morris County freeholder.(PHOTOGRAPH BY ALEX DI
SUVERO FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (pg.A13)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company

                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 26, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Spitzer Sets Up Unit to Investigate Both State and Local Corruption

BYLINE: By JOHN SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 726 words


Seeking to carve out a new role for his office, State Attorney General Eliot L.
Spitzer said yesterday that he had created a team of prosecutors to investigate
governmental corruption at the local and state level.

Mr. Spitzer said the move was inspired not by any particular case but by a
general sense that the state should do more to combat corruption. "Cynicism with
respect to government these days derives from the belief that there is a lack of
integrity in government," he said. "Unless we can show the public that
government can in fact be run honestly and forthrightly, we cannot overcome that
cynicism."

Law enforcement experts noted that attorneys general in New York, whose
statutory duties are relatively limited, have often sought to expand their
powers into new areas, from consumer protection to environmental issues. But
they also said a new focus on investigating official corruption raised the
possibility of conflict with other law enforcement agencies.

Several agencies already have the power to investigate wrongdoing by public
officials. County district attorneys have jurisdiction over most state crimes,
and the state inspector general has the authority to investigate corruption in
state agencies.

But Mr. Spitzer said that in some cases, local prosecutors might not have the
time or the resources to devote to corruption investigations. In other cases, he
said, prosecutors may find it difficult to distance themselves from the agencies
under investigation.

"It is important to have a statewide entity that examines these issues," Mr.
Spitzer said.

Peter Pope, special counsel to the Attorney General, will head the public
integrity unit, and William Casey, a former deputy chief in the New York City
Police Department, will be its chief investigator. Mr. Casey is already chief
investigator for Mr. Spitzer's office.

Mr. Spitzer said the unit had already begun inquiries into possible problems at
two local government agencies.

There is no state law that specifically authorizes the attorney general to
operate a public corruption unit, but Mr. Pope said his office would be able to
exercise jurisdiction through a variety of existing laws. One statute, used to
prevent officials from steering contracts to selected companies, allows the
attorney general to intervene to prevent the restraint of trade. Another
statute, which dates from the mid-19th century, allows the attorney general to
recover misappropriated government funds.

Mr. Spitzer said he had not made any rules about the type of cases that the unit
would handle, or any monetary thresholds that must be reached to trigger a
prosecution. He said the unit would probably concentrate its efforts outside New
York City because there was already a greater amount of oversight concerning
city government.

The public integrity unit marks a distinct expansion of the attorney general's
traditional role, according to government experts.

"That is a pretty bold, innovative step," said Richard P. Nathan, director of
the Rockefeller Institute of Government at the State University of New York at
Albany.

But Mr. Nathan said the new unit also raised a number of questions about
jurisdiction and about "how are they going to define the degrees of malfeasance
to target in their inquiries."

Gerald Benjamin, dean of the college of arts and sciences at the State
University of New York at New Paltz, said that by law, "the attorney general has
very few duties," primarily serving as the state's lawyer in civil suits.

Mr. Benjamin, who has written about the role of the attorney general in state
government, said New York's State Constitution purposely divided the power of
criminal prosecution among many district attorneys.

The drafters of the State Constitution felt that "the power to take someone's
liberty -- that should not be centralized in the hands of one person," he said.

But he said there were political incentives for an attorney general to seek out
a more visible role, and in many cases, those holding the office have chosen
specific issues or areas of law to emphasize, like consumer protection.

Mr. Spitzer is already involved in one high-profile case, examining the city
Police Department's street crime enforcement methods. That investigation is
being conducted by the Attorney General's Civil Rights Division.




http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday

Afghanistan to face challenge if USA's money goes to Taleban - official

LENGTH: 367 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 26 July

[Presenter] The High Oversight Office for Anti-Corruption Strategy has warned
that the USA's continued provision of funds to the Taleban would face the
government of Afghanistan with serious challenges. It comes at a time when a US
army investigation shows that US transportation funds have gone to the Taleban
due to existence of administrative corruption.

[Correspondent] The investigation says US taxpayers' money was diverted to the
Taleban under a 2.16bn-dollar transportation contract that the USA has funded in
part to promote Afghan businesses. [Passage omitted: Background report about US
taxpayers' money being diverted to the Taleban.]

[Correspondent] Meanwhile, the head of the High Oversight Office for Anti-
Corruption Strategy blamed the USA.

[Dr Azizollah Ludin, the head of the High Oversight Office for Anti-Corruption
Strategy, captioned] It creates very great problem. Look how much conflict
exists on the issue. On the one hand they bring democracy, on the other they
help an elected government and then something happens that the Taleban benefit
from. Thus, when they directly contract with the people and lease transportation
[contracts] and there are relations between them and specific groups, then it is
clear that they take away some money. I am totally sure. I just gave you an
example about the road. They confess that they have given a part of [the money].

[Correspondent] A number of MPs have also reacted to the USA's giving money to
the Taleban.

[Mohammad Zekria Suda, Badakhshan MP, captioned] More than 2bn dollars have gone
to the Taleban either through transportation [contracts] or other ways and they
understood or did not understand this. Thus, the Afghan nation's claim is proved
and all the secrets behind the scenes have been gradually unveiled.

[Correspondent] The report also pointed to other issues including taking bribes
from the government and giving money illegally to powerful men and government
officials.

[Video shows a number of MPs speaking at a parliament session. Archive video
shows foreign forces in a military operation in an area of Afghanistan.]

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 26 Jul 11

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans
Division

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.





 Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New
York Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.



 From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director&rsquo;s Award in 2005.



 After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda&rsquo;s financial assets.



 From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.



 In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.



 In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi &ldquo;Baby Shanks&rdquo; Manocchio.



 In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division&rsquo;s counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led
the coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist
attacks.



 Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans
Division

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.





 Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New
York Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.



 From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director&rsquo;s Award in 2005.



 After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda&rsquo;s financial assets.



 From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.



 In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.



 In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi &ldquo;Baby Shanks&rdquo; Manocchio.



 In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division&rsquo;s counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led
the coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist
attacks.



 Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 20, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

STAMPING OUT CORRUPTION

SECTION: Section 11LI; Page 25, Column 5; Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 272 words


I would certainly like to endorse Robert Gottlieb's Opinion Page article of
March 23, ''Steps to Stamp Out Corruption.'' It is essentially true that the
price of honest government is a kind of eternal vigilance. Judging by the bumper
crop of alleged corruption in New York City, our watchfulness has fallen far
short of the mark.

Is it too much to believe that the wrongdoing might stop at the city line? We
probably have just as many cases of influence peddling or worse right on our own
doorstep. As a civic leader, I have listened to complaints concerning alleged
political abuses both by action and inaction of officials. Many such charges are
of a serious nature - definitely not fluffy items.

Mr. Gottlieb's suggestion that a county-by-county watchdog agency be set up to
deal exclusively with allegations of political corruption makes eminently good
sense. Certainly some kind of an administrative process should be constructed
for the purpose of investigations and protecting the public against political
corruption. Perhaps an assistant inspector general for each county is needed.

For all of us ordinary, honest, hard-working people, it is time to be outraged.
We have had enough!

PAULINE M. SALMON

Lake Ronkonkoma The Times welcomes letters from readers. Letters for publication
should include the writer's name, address and daytime telephone number. Letters
should be addressed to The Editor, Long Island Weekly Section, The New York
Times, 229 W. 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036. We regret that because of the
large volume of mail received, we are unable to acknowledge or to return
unpublished letters.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 21, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Mollen Says Corruption Panel Is to Seek Insight Into Problem

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 561 words


The head of the commission investigating police corruption in New York City said
yesterday that hearings starting on Monday would try to find out why corruption
has seemed to emerge as an issue every 20 or so years and that the panel would
recommend better ways to root out the problem.

A focal point of the hearings, said the panel's chairman, Milton Mollen, after
whom the commission is named, would be the depth of the department's commitment
to weeding out corruption.

Speaking at a news conference at the City Bar Association in New York in
midtown, Mr. Mollen, a former deputy mayor and presiding justice of the
Appellate Division of State Supreme Court, outlined in general and philosophical
terms what he hoped the hearings would accomplish.

Ex-Officer to Testify

"The whole question of the sense of commitment of the department, I think, will
be addressed," Mr. Mollen said. "Because dealing with corruption, you cannot
confine the effort solely to the Internal Affairs Bureau."

Scheduled to testify is Michael Dowd, a former officer whose 1992 arrest on
charges that he led a ring of police officers in narcotics trafficking prompted
the creation of the Mollen Commission by Mayor David N. Dinkins to re-examine
the department's system of policing itself.

Officials close to the yearlong investigation say a major recommendation of the
Mollen Commission will be the creation of a monitor of corruption from outside
the department.

Kelly Accepts Invitation

Mr. Mollen said the panel has invited the testimony of Police Commissioner
Raymond W. Kelly, who has expressed reservations about an outside monitor. Since
being appointed commissioner last October, Mr. Kelly has overhauled the
department's integrity monitoring system, including elevating the Internal
Affairs Division to bureau status and naming a deputy commissioner to monitor
corruption.

Suzanne Trazoff, the department's deputy commissioner for public information,
said that Mr. Kelly had accepted the commission's invitation but that a date for
his appearance had yet to be scheduled.

The hearings have been scheduled for Sept. 27, 28, 29 and Oct. 1 and some days
the week of Oct. 4.

More than 20 people are expected to testify about police corruption, the
department's efforts to combat it and ways to improve the internal monitoring
system.

Mr. Mollen acknowledged a sense of deja vu in comparing the new hearings to
those of the Knapp Commission, which 20 years ago exposed systematic gambling
and prostitution payoffs to officers from the beat level to upper echelons. But
one major difference today, he said, is that corruption is not systemic as it
was in the Knapp Commission days. He added that he and members of the commission
believed the "overwhelming majority of the cops" were honest.

Nonetheless, he said, corruption appears to have followed a 20-year cycle dating
to the last centruy.

"So it seems that just about every 20 years this raises its ugly head," Mr.
Mollen said. "We think there are certain conclusions to be drawn from that which
we intend to develop in our report."

Mr. Mollen said he expected there would be testimony about honest officers who
are reluctant to report corruption, an area he called "police culture and police
attitudes."

He added, "It's a matter of concern to us, yes, and we're delving into that as
well."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            October 17, 2008 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Editorial: For Pa. Attorney General;
Let Corbett finish

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Inq Opinion & Editorial; Pg. A26

LENGTH: 509 words


Attorney General Tom Corbett came into office four years ago with a long list of
agenda items, including plans to crack down on child predators, drug dealers and
abusers of the elderly.

He's done a solid job on those fronts and in pursuing illegal gun crimes in
Philadelphia. But Corbett has become best known for taking on political
corruption in Harrisburg.

The attorney general's wide-ranging probe, known as "Bonusgate," is focused on
whether top lawmakers awarded taxpayer-funded bonuses to staffers for doing
campaign-related work - which is illegal.

More broadly, the 18-month investigation has raised public awareness on the way
back-room politics are conducted in Pennsylvania. Rooting out corruption and
changing the entitlement culture in Harrisburg is something that has been badly
needed for some time.

There's nothing like some grand jury indictments and subpoenas to change the
ways in Harrisburg. Just look at how the corruption probe of City Hall changed
the climate in Philadelphia.

So far, the Bonusgate probe has resulted in the indictments of a dozen state
House Democrats, including former Democratic whip Mike Veon (D., Beaver) and the
former chief of staff to House Majority Leader Bill DeWeese (D., Greene).
Corbett says the investigation is ongoing and includes Democrats in the Senate
and Republicans in the House and Senate.

TOM CORBETT deserves a second term in office to see the probe through, and The
Inquirer endorses his reelection.

Corbett, 59, is a former U.S. attorney from Pittsburgh and was an assistant
district attorney in Allegheny County. He had a previous stint as attorney
general from 1995 to 1997, when then-Gov. Tom Ridge appointed him to fill the
unexpired term of Ernie Preate, who was convicted of mail fraud.

Between government jobs, Corbett, a graduate of St. Mary's University Law School
in San Antonio, Texas, was an attorney in private practice.

No Democrat has ever won the attorney general race in Pennsylvania since it
became an elected office in 1978. Democratic challenger John Morganelli, 52, of
Bethlehem, has been the Northampton County district attorney for the last 16
years.

Morganelli is running on three key issues: ending predatory lending, cracking
down on illegal immigrants who commit crimes, and revoking parole for violent
criminals and sex offenders.

But much of Morganelli's campaign has been devoted to criticizing the way
Corbett has handled the Bonusgate investigation. He says Corbett botched the
probe by going after Democrats first, giving Republicans time to cover their
tracks.

Morganelli says politics influenced the fact that Democrats were indicted before
Election Day, but no Republicans.

Corbett says the investigation is big and complex, and that Morganelli is wrong
to suggest politics dictated the timing of indictments.

The probe must be full, fair and thorough regardless of political party. If
reelected, Corbett needs to follow the investigation wherever it leads. Anything
less will undercut the seriousness of the charges.

The proof will be in the results.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Congressional Ethics Inquiries Drag On, Despite Vows to End Corruption

BYLINE: By ERIC LICHTBLAU

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 1201 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


With high-profile investigations under way against Democrats and Republicans,
Congress is facing a series of difficult tests of the toughened ethics system
that it put in place to weed out corruption and malfeasance among its members.

Two years ago, after a scandal that centered on the disgraced lobbyist Jack
Abramoff, the House created an independent ethics office as part of what Speaker
Nancy Pelosi called an effort to end the ''culture of corruption'' in
Washington. The Senate also took action, setting up what it described as tough
new regulations.

Since then, however, no member of Congress has been censured, the toughest
punishment short of expulsion, despite a number of recent scandals involving
sexual impropriety, financial dealings and conflicts of interest. The record
illustrates how Congress has struggled to police itself after years in which its
ethics committees were often derided as ineffectual.

For instance, two weeks after public disclosures raised questions about the
involvement of Senator John Ensign, Republican of Nevada, in possible illegal
lobbying, Senate ethics officials have yet to contact the former top Ensign aide
at the heart of the case, even though they portray it as a serious matter.
Meanwhile, the investigation of the finances and fund-raising of Representative
Charles B. Rangel, Democrat of New York, has dragged on for more than a year and
has become the subject of tense political infighting.

Senator David Vitter, Republican of Louisiana, who is accused of having
consorted with prostitutes, was never disciplined for largely technical reasons;
the Senate said his actions came when he was in the House and did not involve
his professional conduct. And two leading Democratic senators, Christopher J.
Dodd of Connecticut and Kent Conrad of North Dakota, were cleared of accusations
that they received favorable ''V.I.P.'' loans from Countrywide Financial.

Two former Republican senators have been officially admonished, a relatively
light punishment. They are Larry E. Craig of Idaho, who pleaded guilty in an
undercover sex sting at an airport, and Pete V. Domenici of New Mexico, who was
accused of an appearance of impropriety for contacting a federal prosecutor
about a pending case.

Citizen watchdog groups are closely following the Rangel and Ensign cases, along
with a handful of other less visible investigations, as a sign of how
aggressively Congressional Democrats will pursue their pledge.

''For a long time, matters that should have been investigated were just ignored,
so we'll have to see what type of accountability we have now,'' said Fred
Wertheimer, an advocate for tighter Congressional ethics rules.

The handling of possible wrongdoing in Congress has deeper political
implications, as it did in the November 2006 elections, when Democrats ran on a
platform of cleaning up Congress. Each party is still trying to attack the other
as being soft on misconduct by members of Congress. With at least 10 of its own
members facing ethics investigations, the Democrats appear to have the most to
lose, especially since they have taken the lead in pushing for tougher ethics
rules.

The last formal censure came in 1990 in the Senate's ''denouncement'' of Senator
David F. Durenberger, Republican of Minnesota, for financial improprieties.

In the Abramoff case, neither of the Congressional ethics committees took any
action, though numerous Congressional officials were suspected of wrongdoing and
a criminal investigation continues. Nor did the House ethics committee take any
action against former Representative William J. Jefferson, Democrat of
Louisiana, after $90,000 in cash was found in his freezer in 2006, deferring
instead to Justice Department prosecutors.

''Congress will protect its own, no matter what,'' said Melanie Sloan, executive
director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, an advocacy
group that has brought complaints against both Mr. Rangel and Mr. Ensign.

As one main part of the Democrats' ethics push in 2007, the House created a
professionally staffed, independent Office of Congressional Ethics to review
claims of wrongdoing against lawmakers and supplement the work of the
oft-criticized House ethics committee.

This  ethics office has no subpoena power, instead relying on cooperation from
lawmakers. But unlike the ethics committee, it can initiate reviews without
having to wait for a House member to lodge a complaint against a colleague. If
it finds grounds to proceed, it then makes a public referral to the committee.

Leo Wise, a former federal public integrity prosecutor who is now the director
of the House ethics office, said in an interview that House leaders had given
his office the resources it needed, with a budget of $1.5 million and seven
full-time staff members, and that ''over all, their approach has been hands
off'' to eliminate political interference in its work.

The ethics office's caseload steadily increased in its first six months of
existence, disclosure reports show, but its investigations have already caused a
bit of a backlash.

Tensions flared recently between the ethics office and the House ethics
committee, made up of five Democrats and five Republicans, over the suggestion
that the office staff might have withheld exculpatory information about its
continuing investigation into Representative Sam Graves, Republican of Missouri.

The committee has not disclosed why it was investigating Mr. Graves, but news
reports have questioned his use of a contributor's private plane and his
political support for a Missouri business partner.

Meanwhile, some members of the Congressional Black Caucus, an influential voting
bloc, have also been unhappy with the ethics office. They have suggested that
unfair political motivations have driven the investigation of Mr. Rangel and a
separate ethics review involving a trip that he and four other members of the
black caucus took to the Caribbean for a conference paid for by corporate
sponsors.

Three other Democrats in the black caucus are also at the center of continuing
ethics probes.

Two Illinois Democrats in the caucus, Representative Jesse L. Jackson Jr. and
Senator Roland W. Burris, have been drawn into investigations because of their
involvement in the scheme by then Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich of Illinois to sell
the Senate seat vacated by President Obama. Representative Maxine Waters,
Democrat of California, is under investigation as well, apparently because of
her role in directing bailout money to a bank that was affiliated with her
husband.

Separately, the Senate ethics committee has begun an investigation into
accusations, contained in a New York Times article, that Senator Ensign arranged
lobbying jobs for the husband of his mistress and intervened with government
agencies to help his clients.

Kenneth A. Gross, a Washington lawyer who specializes in government ethics, said
the increased activity had made politicians, lobbyists and corporations much
more cautious about adhering to the rules, whether it involved staying under a
$50 lunch limit or disclosing lobbying ties and income sources.

Now, he said, ''the rules of the road have changed.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Senator John Ensign, top, and Representative Charles B. Rangel
are among those under investigation in Congress. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY PABLO MARTINEZ
MONSIVAIS/ASSOCIATED PRESS
 HARRY HAMBURG/ASSOCIATED PRESS)(A31)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company

                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

STATE UNIT WILL TARGET PUBLIC CORRUPTION

BYLINE: TRACIE MAURIELLO, POST-GAZETTE HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: STATE; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


Casinos are on the way and corruption is sure to follow, said state Attorney
General Tom Corbett, who aims to be ready for it.

He has created a new corruption unit with seven prosecutors, including two
assigned to the Pittsburgh area.

The change is not expected to cost additional money, at least initially, because
the seven already are on staff, Mr. Corbett said during a news conference
yesterday.

Currently, they prosecute everything from corruption to homicide.

"These attorneys will still have other duties but as public corruption cases
increase, these [other cases] will be shifted to other attorneys," Mr. Corbett
said.

"If we start dispersing [corruption] cases to everybody, there isn't necessarily
a connecting of the dots, a sharing of information."

Other staffers in Mr. Corbett's office now "will know this is who to go to ...
if they have something potentially involving corruption."

The change will provide more efficiency and effectiveness, Mr. Corbett said.

In addition to corruption, the unit will investigate allegations of election-law
violations, complaints referred by the State Ethics Commission, accusations
about public officials' conflicts of interest and cases referred by district
attorneys.

"I'm certainly concerned when we talk about gambling," he said. "The potential
for corruption at any possible level -- state, local, county and municipal -- is
certainly going to be there and I want our people prepared for this."

Corruption Unit prosecutors assigned to the Pittsburgh area are Anthony J.
Krastek and Margaret Cassidy.

Mr. Krastek, who joined the attorney general's office in 1997, previously
supervised the Crimes Against Persons Unit and prosecuted homicide, sex offenses
and child-abuse cases in Allegheny County. In December, he successfully
prosecuted state Rep. Jeff Habay for ordering his staff to conduct campaign work
on state time.

Ms. Cassidy, who has worked in the attorney general's office since 2001,
previously prosecuted homicides and sexual assaults for the Allegheny County
district attorney's office.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Tracie Mauriello can be reached at tmauriello@post-gazette.com or
1-717-787-2141.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 16, 2001 Saturday Three Star Edition

NATION & WORLD BRIEFS

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS; Nation/World Briefs Column; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 884 words


NATION

CAMDEN, N.J.

Former mayor gets 7 years for corruption

Former Mayor Milton Milan was sentenced Friday to seven years and three months
in federal prison for laundering drug money and accepting bribes from mobsters.

U.S. District Judge Joel Pisano said he was imposing the maximum under
sentencing guidelines because the corruption was so pervasive. Milan also was
ordered to pay more than $14,000 in restitution.

"You are responsible, Mr. Milan, for making this city the subject of public
ridicule," the judge said. Camden, population 80,000, is the state's poorest
city.

Milan was convicted Dec. 21 of 14 counts of corruption. The day after his
conviction, he was stripped of the office he held for 3 1/2 years.

A jury found that he had accepted up to $30,000 in payoffs from a Philadelphia
and southern New Jersey crime family, accepted home improvements from city
contractors, used $7,500 in campaign funds for a vacation, concealed the source
of a $65,000 loan from a city drug kingpin and staged a burglary to collect
insurance payments.

SAN DIEGO

LA officer is accused of robbing drug dealers

A Los Angeles police officer used his authority to rob drug dealers of money and
narcotics, federal prosecutors said. He was already under investigation as part
of the Rampart station corruption scandal.

Officer Ruben Palomares, 31, is accused of using informers he met on the job to
learn the identity of known drug dealers, then stealing money and drugs from the
dealers, federal prosecutors said at a court hearing Thursday.

Palomares and four other men were arrested last week in a parking lot in Chula
Vista - 10 miles south of San Diego - after allegedly giving $130,000 to
undercover agents they believed were drug dealers in exchange for 10 kilograms
of cocaine. Prosecutors said the group wanted to buy an additional 50 kilograms
of cocaine.

Prosecutors said Palomares tried to avoid the arrest by showing his Los Angeles
Police Department badge, claiming he was on an undercover operation.

INDIANAPOLIS

Sen. Bayh says he won't seek presidency in 2004

Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana said Friday he would not seek the Democratic
nomination for president in 2004 but might run for a second term in the Senate.

The former two-term governor, who was elected to the Senate in 1998, had been
widely mentioned as a possible contender for president in 2004. He was
reportedly under consideration as a vice presidential candidate last year.

Bayh said his Senate job keeps him away from home and his 5-year-old twin sons
too much already. Bayh, 45, said by continuing his work in the Senate, he could
"do right by all the people I care about."

TALLAHASSEE, Fla.

Suspect in tourist shooting gets 12 years for robbery

A man implicated as a 13-year-old in the 1993 shooting of a tourist was
sentenced to 12 years in prison Friday for the armed robbery of a grocery store.

Cedric Green, now 21, became a symbol for violent juvenile crime after British
tourist Gary Colley was killed at a highway rest stop in north Florida in 1993.
Four teen-agers were charged, but evidence placing Green at the shooting fell
apart and he agreed to plead guilty to a lesser charge. He was sentenced to 50
hours of community service.

Prosecutors say Green took part in a Winn-Dixie holdup in July 1999. Because he
wielded a gun, Green must serve at least 10 years of his sentence before
becoming eligible for parole.

Colley and his companion, Margaret Jagger, were shot during a botched robbery
attempt at a rest stop near Monticello, 35 miles east of Tallahassee. Jagger was
wounded in the shooting.

WORLD

PAKISTAN

General says he'll approach talks with "an open mind"

Military ruler Gen. Pervez Musharraf said on Friday he hoped an upcoming summit
meeting with India's prime minister will bring "a new beginning" in the troubled
relations between the two nuclear rivals.

In a surprise move last month, Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee
invited Musharraf to New Delhi for talks. The invitation broke a two-year
deadlock in high-level contacts between the countries. The meeting is expected
to take place early next month, though a date has not been set.

"I will go to India with an open mind and my open mind will be directly in
proportion to the open-mindedness shown by the Indian leader," Musharraf said in
a televised question and answer program. "We can change history if the Indian
leaders also show open-mindedness - and we can have a new beginning."

RWANDA

Army reports killings of 700 Hutu rebels

Rwanda's army said Friday that it had killed more than 700 rebels in the last
three weeks in clashes with members of an ethnic Hutu militia who invaded from
the Democratic Republic of Congo.

Rwandan artillery pounded the hillsides along the border this week as helicopter
gunships hunted surviving members of a group of militiamen who attacked
northwest Rwanda in mid-May.

Rwandan army officers showed reporters about 300 men they said were captured
rebels being held prisoner in the northwestern town of Ruhengeri. They pointed
out Congolese nationals and many child soldiers among the captives.

Rwanda accuses the Congo government in Kinshasa of harboring the militia and
sponsoring the recent wave of attacks on Rwanda. Congo denies this.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION / WORLD

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by the Agence France-Presse - Afghan refugees hand over
their weapons to police Friday in Peshawar, Pakistan. The Pakistani government
has launched a campaign to recover illegal arms from the refugees living there,
and Afghanistan's Taliban regime has agreed to help in the campaign.

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 16, 2001 Saturday Five Star Lift Edition

NATION & WORLD BRIEFS

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS; Nation/World Briefs Column; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 883 words


NATION

CAMDEN, N.J.

Former mayor gets 7 years for corruption

Former Mayor Milton Milan was sentenced Friday to seven years and three months
in federal prison for laundering drug money and accepting bribes from mobsters.

U.S. District Judge Joel Pisano said he was imposing the maximum under
sentencing guidelines because the corruption was so pervasive. Milan also was
ordered to pay more than $14,000 in restitution.

"You are responsible, Mr. Milan, for making this city the subject of public
ridicule," the judge said. Camden, population 80,000, is the state's poorest
city.

Milan was convicted Dec. 21 of 14 counts of corruption. The day after his
conviction, he was stripped of the office he held for 3 1/2 years.

A jury found that he had accepted up to $30,000 in payoffs from a Philadelphia
and southern New Jersey crime family, accepted home improvements from city
contractors, used $7,500 in campaign funds for a vacation, concealed the source
of a $65,000 loan from a city drug kingpin and staged a burglary to collect
insurance payments.

SAN DIEGO

LA officer is accused of robbing drug dealers

A Los Angeles police officer used his authority to rob drug dealers of money and
narcotics, federal prosecutors said. He was already under investigation as part
of the Rampart station corruption scandal.

Officer Ruben Palomares, 31, is accused of using informers he met on the job to
learn the identity of known drug dealers, then stealing money and drugs from the
dealers, federal prosecutors said at a court hearing Thursday.

Palomares and four other men were arrested last week in a parking lot in Chula
Vista - 10 miles south of San Diego - after allegedly giving $130,000 to
undercover agents they believed were drug dealers in exchange for 10 kilograms
of cocaine. Prosecutors said the group wanted to buy an additional 50 kilograms
of cocaine.

Prosecutors said Palomares tried to avoid the arrest by showing his Los Angeles
Police Department badge, claiming he was on an undercover operation.

INDIANAPOLIS

Sen. Bayh says he won't seek presidency in 2004

Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana said Friday he would not seek the Democratic
nomination for president in 2004 but might run for a second term in the Senate.

The former two-term governor, who was elected to the Senate in 1998, had been
widely mentioned as a possible contender for president in 2004. He was
reportedly under consideration as a vice presidential candidate last year.

Bayh said his Senate job keeps him away from home and his 5-year-old twin sons
too much already. Bayh, 45, said by continuing his work in the Senate, he could
"do right by all the people I care about."

TALLAHASSEE, Fla.

Suspect in tourist shooting gets 12 years for robbery

A man implicated as a 13-year-old in the 1993 shooting of a tourist was
sentenced to 12 years in prison Friday for the armed robbery of a grocery store.

Cedric Green, now 21, became a symbol for violent juvenile crime after British
tourist Gary Colley was killed at a highway rest stop in north Florida in 1993.
Four teen-agers were charged, but evidence placing Green at the shooting fell
apart and he agreed to plead guilty to a lesser charge. He was sentenced to
community service.

Prosecutors say Green took part in a Winn-Dixie holdup in July 1999. Because he
wielded a gun, Green must serve at least 10 years of his sentence before
becoming eligible for parole.

Colley and his companion, Margaret Jagger, were shot during a botched robbery
attempt at a rest stop near Monticello. Jagger was wounded in the shooting.

WORLD

MACEDONIA

U.S. doesn't want part in mission to disarm rebels

The United States has told its NATO partners that it does not want to take part
in a NATO military mission that the Macedonian government has requested for the
disarming of ethnic Albanian insurgents, senior officials in President George W.
Bush's administration said Friday.

NATO ambassadors met Friday in Brussels to discuss how such a Balkan mission
would work. They authorized military planners to draft plans over the weekend
that could involve sending NATO troops to Macedonia, once part of Yugoslavia.

This week, Macedonia requested NATO soldiers to oversee the disarming of the
insurgents as part of a political solution to the civil conflict there.

But a senior Bush administration official said that while the request sounded
"like a simple task, it means reaching a new political threshold to take on a
task inside Macedonia."

"We're not jumping at the chance of a new deployment," said the official.

RWANDA

Army reports killings of 700 Hutu rebels

Rwanda's army said Friday that it had killed more than 700 rebels in the last
three weeks in clashes with members of an ethnic Hutu militia who invaded from
the Democratic Republic of Congo.

Rwandan artillery pounded the hillsides along the border this week as helicopter
gunships hunted surviving members of a group of militiamen who attacked
northwest Rwanda in mid-May.

Rwandan army officers showed reporters about 300 men they said were captured
rebels being held prisoner in the northwestern town of Ruhengeri.

Rwanda accuses the Congo government in Kinshasa of harboring the militia and
sponsoring the recent wave of attacks on Rwanda. Congo denies this.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION/WORLD

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by the Agence France-Presse - Afghan refugees hand over
their weapons to police Friday in Peshawar, Pakistan. The Pakistani government
has launched a campaign to recover illegal arms from the refugees living there,
and Afghanistan's Taliban regime has agreed to help in the campaign.

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 11, 2012 Saturday

Casey talks up legislation strengthening corruption law

BYLINE: Dave, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


Feb. 11--U.S. Sen. Bob Casey is urging his colleagues in Congress to pass
legislation that would strengthen an anti-corruption law utilized in the
prosecutions of three former Luzerne County judges and two former Lackawanna
County commissioners.

In a letter released Friday, the Scranton Democrat and U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy,
a Vermont Democrat who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee, urged Senate
leaders to back an anti-public corruption measure that was included in a Senate
version of a bill to ban insider trading by members of Congress. The version of
the bill passed by the House of Representatives does not include the measure and
Casey and Leahy want a conference committee of members from both chambers to
ensure it is contained in the final bill.

The bill would overturn what the letter called a "flawed Supreme Court ruling"
that limits prosecutions under the federal honest services fraud statute, a
favorite tool of prosecutors in public corruption cases that applies to
government and corporate officials who defraud citizens and stockholders.

In a 2010 ruling in the case of former Enron executive Jeffrey Skilling, who was
accused of hiding the perilous financial condition of his company from
stockholders, the court overturned several of his honest services fraud
convictions, agreeing with his attorneys that a lower court interpreted the
statute too broadly.

The court ruled the statute should only be used against officials who received
kickbacks or bribes.

The ruling obliged federal prosecutors in the U.S. Middle District of
Pennsylvania to alter the charges against five public corruption defendants
accused of honest services fraud, in part because they failed to disclose
illegal income on financial disclosure statements required by the state.

The Skilling ruling forced prosecutors to seek new indictments in some of those
cases and alter one plea agreement. All five of the defendants -- former Luzerne
County judges Mark A. Ciavarella Jr., Michael T. Conahan and Michael Toole and
former Lackawanna County commissioners Robert Cordaro and A.J. Munchak -- were
subsequently sentenced to prison on corruption counts.

In addition to amending the honest services fraud statute, the anti-public
corruption measures added to the insider trading bill would clarify existing law
to ban public officials from accepting more than $1,000 in money or gifts given
to them because of their official position and extend the statute of limitations
on bribery, honest services fraud and extortion charges from five to six years.

djanoski@citizensvoice.com, 570-301-2178

___ (c)2012 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120211-YC-Casey-talks-up-legislation-strengthening-corruption
-law-0211-20120211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2012 The Citizens' Voice

                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania among most corrupt states, survey says

BYLINE: Tribune news service

LENGTH: 441 words


HARRISBURG "" Pennsylvania ranks poorly in a survey measuring corruption in the
50 states.

The Keystone State falls in a lower-tier group of the "most corrupt" states,
according to the Safra Center for Ethics, a Harvard University organization that
conducts research on ethics in public life.

Arizona takes the prize as the most corrupt state, New Jersey and Illinois are
in the middle, and Pennsylvania follows in a group with Georgia and New Mexico.
The rankings are based on a survey of statehouse and investigative news
reporters.

The survey has a twist in that it identifies illegal corruption "" the quid pro
quo of a government official receiving a cash or gifts in return for providing
benefits "" and legal corruption "" the pervasive practice of political action
committees and individuals exchanging campaign donations for influence.

Pennsylvania's relatively low ranking should not come as a surprise, given the
raft of scandals that have shaken Harrisburg during the past seven years.

Pennsylvanians have witnessed the "Bonusgate" convictions of former top state
House leaders and aides of both parties for using public resources for political
purposes, and federal corruption convictions of former Democratic state Sens.
Vincent Fumo, Robert Mellow and the late Ray Musto.

Former Republican Sen. Jane Orie and former state Supreme Court Justice Joan
Orie Melvin were convicted in Allegheny County Court for using public resources
for political purposes.

Other incidents include the Luzerne County "kids-for-cash" scandal and the
so-called "porngate" scandal, which exposes ethical issues involving former
state Supreme Court Justice Seamus McCaffery, former state prosecutors and
Corbett administration officials who lost their jobs for distributing
pornographic email on state computers.

When it comes to "legal" corruption, Pennsylvania's campaign finance laws are
among the weakest in the nation. Pennsylvania is one of 11 states that don't
restrict the amount of contributions that individuals and political action
commmittees can give to candidates.

The survey found:

"¢ Regarding illegal corruption, Pennsylvania scores 4, for very common, in the
legislative branch and 2, for slightly common, in the executive and judicial
branches.

"¢ Regarding legal corruption, Pennsylvania scores 4.5, or very common, for the
legislative branch and 3, for moderately common, in the executive and judicial
branches.

States such as Pennsylvania, Illinois, New Mexico and Alabama that hold partisan
elections for judges where campaign contributions pay for TV ads score
moderately common for legal corruption, the survey notes.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                August 13, 2013

Anti-Corruption - Melaye Takes Protests to London, New York

BYLINE: Johnbosco Agbakwuru

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE: Abuja


THE Executive Secretary of Anti-Corruption Network and former member of House of
Representatives, Otunba Dino Melaye has taken the fight against corruption in
the country to the international communities alleging that the present
government in the country was tackling corruption with kids glove.

Already Melaye has embarked on international mobilization protest against the
alleged lukewarm attitude of the Federal Government in the fight against
corruption as he has gone out of the country seeking the support of Nigerians in
the Diaspora to participate in the protest by his Anti-Corruption Network on the
streets of London in United Kingdom and New York in the United States.

The erstwhile member of House of Representatives in a statement he issues from
New York Tuesday made available to newsmen in Abuja expressed worry that some
Ministers who had been indicted by six different reports but still serving in
the present government have no business being in the cabinet and should be
sacked.

He said, "Corruption in Nigeria is endemic, systemic and becoming contagious. If
we want to rescue our country, we should stand up without fear or Favour, the
fear of consequences and fight corruption headlong because we don't have any
other country we call our own apart from Nigeria. We must do everything to
rescue this country from the hands of these economic cankerworms and financial
scavengers.

"So in essence, I was in London last week and now in New York. What we are doing
is global networking to host an anti-corruption protest here in New York. We
have served the government of America a letter to get their permission to
organize a massive protest that will internationalize the corruption in Nigeria
and also help in fighting corruption.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday

Border agents accused of smuggling are not the 1st

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 670 words


By Alfredo Corchado

Dallas Morning News

LAREDO -- The living room in a humble four-bedroom home serves as a shrine to a
beloved son, a soldier awarded a Purple Heart for his heroic service in Iraq.
Now the family of Sgt. Julio Cesar Pacheco is grappling with questions about his
dedication to duty and country.

Sgt. Pacheco, 25, and Pfc. Jose Rodrigo Torres, 26, both of Laredo, and Sgt.
Clarence Hodge Jr., 36, of Fort Worth all face charges of transporting
undocumented immigrants while on duty. They are being detained in Laredo in lieu
of $75,000 bail each. Each could face a sentence of 10 years in prison and fines
of up to $250,000.

As they await a grand jury hearing July 5, the Texas guardsmen are hardly alone
in facing allegations of misdeeds on the border. In recent years, a rising
number of soldiers and local, state and federal agents have been arrested and
jailed, charged with corruption. The inspector general's office of the Homeland
Security Department reported recently that 282 employees of Customs and Border
Protection stationed on the Southwest border have been investigated for
corruption since fiscal year 2004. And 52 of those cases were investigated
already this year, compared with 66 in all of 2006.

Along the 2,000-mile U.S.-Mexico divide, the lure of easy money presents an
increasing temptation for American men and women in uniform, officials say.
Authorities and experts say the border breeds corruption as smugglers use bribes
to prey on U.S. law enforcement agents.

"The border, on one hand, is a barrier, and on the other hand a site of
opportunity," said Howard Campbell, a border expert at the University of Texas
at El Paso.

"The existence of a border between two countries of unequal economic levels
actually creates fertile conditions for corruption. No oath of office could
prevent such corruption from occurring," he said.

U.S. law enforcement officials insist their agencies are mostly free of
corruption.

"The vast majority of agents are by far honest and dedicated to their country,"
said Border Patrol agent Hilario Leal in Del Rio. "We do have a few bad apples
and unfortunately their actions give the rest of the agency a black eye."

Recent examples attest to the problem:

In Laredo, former Border Patrol agent William Ferrone, 42, was sentenced to 16
months in prison after pleading guilty to transporting 11 undocumented
immigrants in his vehicle last year.

In 2006, an FBI sting called Operation Lively Green netted more than 50 police
officers, federal agents, prison guards and soldiers who pleaded guilty or were
convicted of receiving cash bribes from undercover FBI special agents posing as
narcotics traffickers.

The four-year operation found that some of the defendants, in uniform and
carrying official identification, protected cocaine shipments as they drove in
government vehicles -- including Humvees -- past checkpoints manned by the U.S.
Border Patrol and law enforcement in Arizona and Nevada.

Also a year ago, four U.S soldiers assigned to the U.S. Army's 204th Military
Intelligence Battalion in Fort Bliss who were taking part in the Bush
administration's Plan Colombia mission to combat drug traffickers were charged
with possession and distribution of cocaine.

Over a two-year period, officials said, the soldiers bought cocaine in Colombia
and then used military aircraft to fly shipments of more than 200 pounds into El
Paso's Biggs Army Airfield. The cocaine was then sold in Texas and Louisiana.

Staff Sgt. Daniel Rosas, 24, the son of poor migrant workers in McAllen, was
among the four convicted in that case and faces 23 years in prison.

In an interview, Rosas' lawyer, Chris topher Russell said, "Sergeant Rosas was
convicted of wrongful distribution of cocaine mainly on his confessions."

Russell added that the "U.S. government bears some responsibility for putting a
young, naive soldier in such a position of trust and responsibility without the
proper checks and balances. É Rosas did not have the training and experience for
the position he was given."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Florida leads U.S.in ethics offenses ;
 Lawmakers urged to give agency more power to ferret out wrongdoing.

BYLINE: By John Kennedy Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 734 words


TALLAHASSEE -- Florida leads the nation in federal public corruption convictions
over the past decade, according to a watchdog group that Wednesday urged
lawmakers to give more investigative power to the state's Commission on Ethics.

Palm Beach County has contributed its share to the statistics, with four county
commissioners pleading guilty to corruption charges over four years ending in
2010. Two West Palm Beach city commissioners served time in jail on corruption
charges.

Integrity Florida, a research organization, said the first step should be for
lawmakers to pay attention to the wish list of proposals the ethics panel is
expected to approve June 15.

Among the recommendations -- some a repeat from earlier years -- is that the
panel be authorized to begin its own investigations of possible wrongdoing,
without waiting for a resident's complaint. Similar calls have been ignored by
lawmakers, but Integrity Florida leaders said next year could prove different.

"2013 will be the year we see ethics reforms finally happen in Florida," said
Dan Krassner, executive director of Integrity Florida, who co-authored the
report on Florida with Research Director Ben Wilcox.

The report concluded that Florida had 781 public corruption convictions between
2000 and 2010, tops in the nation. California and Texas were close behind, with
New York fourth. But Florida's corruptions history also contributed to it having
three cities listed this year among Forbes magazine's "most miserable," with
Miami No. 1, West Palm Beach No. 4 and Fort Lauderale No. 7.

Krassner said he has had three meetings with leading officials in Gov. Rick
Scott's administration on the issue. Tea party organizations and the Florida
League of Women Voters also have joined the call for tougher ethics standards,
he said.

Other proposals Integrity Florida is backing include creating a corruption
hotline, requiring more financial disclosure for public officials, and making it
easier to obtain ethics convictions in cases that go to court.

Some of the provisions are included in what the Ethics Commission is expected to
recommend to the legislature later this month.

But the commission that day also is scheduled to consider again writing off
thousands of dollars in penalties imposed against public officials who failed to
file state-required financial disclosure forms.

The commission prides itself on having a compliance rate of 99 percent for
officials submitting their forms, but state law gives scofflaws an incentive for
waiting out the commission.

A four-year time limit on the commission's ability to collect led last summer to
about $1 million in fines against 800 public officials being written off.

Most of the accused had served on professional boards, pension committees and
other panels that generally make up thelower echelon of state politics.

But at least one was a mayor and ran in 2010 for state Senate: North Miami
Beach's Joe Celestin. He owed $3,000 in fines accumulated in 2003 and 2005.

Also on the agenda June 14 is Rep. Erik Fresen, R-Miami, who owes $1,500 dating
to when he was a legislative aide in the early 2000s and apparently failed to
file disclosures. Fresen didn't return calls seeking comment.

john_kennedy@pbpost.com

LOCAL Corruption convictions

Mary McCarty:Palm Beach County commissioner pleaded guilty in 2009 to taking
free resort stays from a company she helped win a contract to build a convention
center hotel, and to steering bond awards that profited herself and her
underwriter husband, Kevin McCarty.

Warren Newell: County commissioner collected $500,000 from three schemes in
which business partners profited from his votes. He was sentenced in 2008.

Tony Masilotti: County commissioner charged with betraying the public's trust
for more than $9 million in cash and real estate. He pleaded guilty in 2007.

Jeff Koons: County commissioner pleaded guilty in 2010 to extortion for
pressuring opponents of a mangrove preserve project he had been pushing.

Jim Exline: West Palm Beach commissioner earned $50,000 from developer John
Sansbury, then hid the income from the IRS. He pleaded guilty in 2007.

Ray Liberti: West Palm commissioner pocketed $66,000, most of it delivered in a
shaving kit, for using his standing as a commissioner to pressure a massage
parlor owner into selling her shop for a reduced price to a Liberti client. The
client turned out to be an informant. He was sentenced in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  POST IN TALLAHASSEE  PUBLIC corruption

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 11, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Same Old Corruption, Camouflaged in Greenery

BYLINE: By PETER APPLEBOME.

E-mail: peappl@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Second Front; Our Towns; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 853 words

DATELINE: Roslyn, N.Y.


WANDERING around this lovely Long Island village, with its eclectic historic
district, its downtown full of pastel boutiques and bistros, where George
Washington actually did visit what's now the George Washington Manor and
Restaurant and even the triptych of the town's environs in the Roslyn Savings
Bank has a stately, reassuring air, it's easy to see how the whole place could
have been scammed for a few million dollars by the people handling the school
district's money.

Our enduring image of government corruption has to do with big-city pols and the
golden era of Tammany Hall, but there aren't any Boss Tweeds navigating Lexus
sport utility vehicles along Main Street here.

Instead, the man accused of being the main culprit, former School Superintendent
Frank A. Tassone, was a folk hero for the district's success at getting students
into A-list colleges and for his proclivity for popping up at local book clubs
to offer his literary insights.

The image, of course, is getting a little moldy. Tammany's influence was on the
decline by the 1920's.

And many experts on urban politics say New York City, despite its share of
scoundrels and the allure of the Tammany myth, has had relatively clean
government for most of the past 70 years.

Not so suburbia. In fact, to read the news these days is to survey a sprawling
realm of suburban malfeasance that would leave the Tammany pols humbled.

There's Long Island, where decades of one-party rule in Suffolk and Nassau
Counties has left a record of municipal corruption of historic proportions.

Thursday alone offered a corruption twofer. There was something old: Robert
McDonald, the former chief deputy Nassau County executive under Thomas Gulotta,
a Republican, sentenced to prison for his role in an insurance scam that cost
the county $70 million.

And there was something new: Peter Sylver, former deputy county executive under
Thomas Suozzi, a Democrat, arrested on a felony charge of filing false travel
vouchers and a misdemeanor sexual abuse charge.

The full roster of fallen Nassau and Suffolk politicians is grist for a book,
not a column.

In the greenswards of Connecticut, the new governor, M. Jodi Rell, is starting
from scratch after John G. Rowland, whom you could imagine presiding over a
backyard barbecue in an apron reading ''The Guv,'' helped redefine the state
from the land of steady habits to Louisiana with foliage.

In New Jersey, the nation's most suburbanized state and long thought to be the
Mount Olympus of bad habits, a long-running federal corruption investigation is
lapping at the edges of the governor's mansion.

What's going on? Nothing entirely new. The author Robert Caro remembers his
initiation as a young Newsday reporter in the 1960's, as he slowly discovered
that there could be a dubious deal behind every bend in the Meadowbrook Parkway
or variance to build a gas station.

''I came from New York City, with this image of urban corruption like Boss
Tweed, but the more I learned the more I realized there was a quieter, perhaps
more genteel, style of money influencing politics everywhere you looked.''

In part, there may be more suburban corruption because there's more suburbia.
Definitions and populations change over time, so there are no identical census
comparisons. But the 2000 census put the population of New York City at
8,008,278 and the population of the metropolitan area at 21,199,865. In 1950,
the city population was 7,891,957 and the metropolitan area, which then did not
include parts of Connecticut, was 12,831,914.

Because of the city's size and history of corruption, there's a level of
scrutiny in New York City that far exceeds that of smaller municipalities. It's
a lot easier to pocket a million bucks as superintendent in Roslyn than as
chancellor in New York.

And the wealth of some suburban communities -- something similar to what
happened in affluent Roslyn happened not long ago in equally affluent Wyckoff,
N.J., to the tune of $1.7 million -- can make residents who are accustomed to
forking over whatever it costs for that new Weber grill fork over whatever is
presumed to be needed to keep the schools near the top of the heap.

''People wanted the best for their children and were willing to pay for it, and
that was taken advantage of,'' said Jill Liebhaber, a parent in the district.

OF course, there's another school of thought that argues that the relevant
comparison isn't city versus suburb but region versus region. Political
scientists cite a study of the political cultures of the United States developed
by Daniel Elazar.

One model is a ''moral'' political culture that sees government as a positive
force and reveres good government. Think Minnesota or Oregon. Second is a
''traditional'' political culture which stresses limited government with a
conservative or custodial role. Think Alabama or Mississippi. Third is an
''individual'' political culture with a utilitarian view of government and a
high tolerance for dirty politics. Think New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.

Lesson: urban or suburban, watch your back.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A clock tower in the historic area of Roslyn, N.Y., one of
several suburban communities where public officials have been accused of
wrongdoing. (Photo by Shannon Stapleton for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Nation briefs: Former Virginia first lady Maureen McDonnell's corruption case on
hold

BYLINE:  Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 542 words


Ex-Virginia first lady's convictions on hold

A federal appeals court has agreed that former Virginia first lady Maureen
McDonnell's corruption convictions should be tossed out because of the U.S.
Supreme Court decision that overturned her husband's case.

Attorneys on both sides said a Friday ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the 4th Circuit suspends the public corruption case.

The McDonnells were accused of helping a dietary supplement salesman in exchange
for gifts and personal loans.

Orlando club gunman was shot eight times - Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen
was struck eight times by bullets fired by police, according to a recently
released autopsy report.

The Orlando Sentinel obtained Mateen's autopsy report by the Orange County
Medical Examiner's Office on Friday. The report reveals the details behind the
shooting death of Mateen after he shot more than 100 people at the Pulse
nightclub June 12, killing 49.

In their response, police shot Mateen eight times - with bullets striking him in
the head, chest, abdomen, calf and feet. His injuries also suggest he was shot
while facing police.

Group sues over Confederate flag parade ban - Sons of Confederate Veterans
members in Louisiana claim a city's mayor trampled on their rights by barring
them from displaying Confederate battle flags while marching in a Christmas
parade last year.

The group's Louisiana division sued the city of Natchitoches and Mayor Lee Posey
on Thursday, asking a federal court to declare the mayor's policy
unconstitutional.

Thomas Taylor, the division's former commander, said in a telephone interview
Friday that its flag-carrying members had marched and rode floats in the parade
for nearly two decades without causing any disruptions.

Another round of monsoons sweeps Phoenix - The latest round of monsoon
thunderstorms to sock Phoenix swept across the metro area Friday, swamping
low-lying streets, knocking out power to thousands of customers and delaying
airline flights.

Rain slowed traffic during the morning commute's tail end, and flooding closed
stretches of several major roads in Phoenix and Scottsdale as firefighters
rescued motorists from several vehicles stalled in washes or other areas with
standing or flowing water.

In suburban Peoria, a firefighter used a ladder to descend into a storm canal
with about 7 inches of flowing water to rescue a small black dog that officials
said had been missing from its home since Thursday night.

Judge allows Oregon occupiers to meet outside jail - A federal judge said in
court papers that he has allowed six of the defendants accused in the armed
occupation of an Oregon wildlife refuge earlier this year to meet with their
attorneys - and sometimes with each other - at a special courthouse location
after they complained about their ability to prepare for trial from a county
jail.

The defendants are being housed at the Multnomah County Detention Center, and
U.S. District Judge Robert E. Jones said in the declaration filed late Thursday
he at first kept the meetings "off the record" because jail staff was concerned
other inmates would request similar treatment.

The trial of Ammon Bundy and seven others charged in the 41-day occupation of
Malheur National Wildlife Refuge is scheduled to start Sept. 7.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 16, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Md. Prosecutor Accused Of Playing Politics;
DiBiagio Pushed for Corruption Cases

BYLINE: Eric Rich, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B08

LENGTH: 621 words


The chairman of Maryland's Democratic Party called yesterday for U.S. Attorney
Thomas M. DiBiagio to step down after a report that the prosecutor had asked his
staff to produce three "front-page" indictments in public corruption or
white-collar crime cases by early November.

Party Chairman Isiah Leggett said DiBiagio, a Republican appointee, had "lost
all credibility" and has used his office as "a political weapon."

"What he's done is deplorable," said Leggett, who is also a professor at Howard
University School of Law. "It is clearly partisan. This guy should go, and he
should go soon."

The criticism was rejected by several prominent defense lawyers and former
prosecutors, who said DiBiagio's message to his staff -- contained in a meeting
agenda and two e-mails disclosed yesterday in the Baltimore Sun -- simply
underscored his long-held passion for combating public corruption.

In the agenda for a May staff meeting, DiBiagio set out several goals to be
accomplished by Nov. 6, four days after the general election. Among them were
improving relations with the FBI and obtaining "Three 'Front-Page' White
Collar/Public Corruption Indictments," the Sun reported.

DiBiagio declined to comment yesterday.

In an e-mail to prosecutors July 1, DiBiagio described a municipal corruption
indictment in Philadelphia. "Why aren't we doing cases like this," he wrote in
the e-mail quoted in the Sun. "Am I the only one embarrassed by the fact that
this Office has not convicted an elected official of corruption since 1988?"

Two days later, he wrote again, saying that the earlier e-mail had sent the
wrong message and explaining that he was frustrated and had hoped to move
faster.

When DiBiagio was appointed in 2001, former Baltimore U.S. attorney George Beall
urged him to restore the office's tradition of investigating public corruption,
Beall said yesterday. DiBiagio has since spoken of "embedded corruption" and has
described such cases as a top priority.

Although he has convicted a former superintendent of the state police, Edward T.
Norris, and is now trying a former chairman of the state university system's
Board of Regents, Nathan A. Chapman, neither man was elected and neither was
charged with abusing those offices.

Beall, whose office prosecuted former governor Spiro T. Agnew when he was vice
president, defended DiBiagio yesterday, saying the prosecutor faces pressure
from a variety of sectors and must be out in front "leading the troops."

"I see nothing extraordinary about the U.S. attorney's efforts to build a fire
under his corruption team," Beall said.

Leggett said the documents confirmed what he and other critics already believed
of DiBiagio: that he wanted headlines and wanted to indict "most notably"
Democratic officials. The prosecutor drew criticism two years ago when he
launched an investigation into Kathleen Kennedy Townsend's signature
crime-fighting agency during  the lieutenant governor's campaign for governor.

Townsend called the probe "political garbage," but DiBiagio ultimately won an
indictment of the agency's former director, Stephen P. Amos, on charges of
misspending $6.3 million in grant money. He is awaiting trial.

Beall and other former prosecutors and defense lawyers dismissed the criticism
and said Leggett's charge appeared to be politically motivated.

Still, another former prosecutor, Gregg L. Bernstein, said he had never heard of
a prosecutor demanding indictments based on the headlines they might garner.

"When you consider the tremendous power that federal prosecutors have over
people's lives, you want to be damn sure those decisions are based on facts and
evidence," Bernstein said.

The Department of Justice did not return calls for comment.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post

                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Justice Department ramps up public corruption cases;
But proving any wrongdoing by N.J. senator is a tough call

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten, @fschouten, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 451 words


If federal prosecutors charge Sen. Robert Menendez, it would mark the latest in
a string of high-profile political cases from the Justice Department, including
last year's conviction of former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell.

The Menendez case, which centers on the New Jersey Democrat's relationship with
a wealthy donor, comes as the agency has stepped up its scrutiny both of
politicians' official actions and the activities of their aides in a new era of
unlimited political spending.

In recent years, federal prosecutors have aggressively pursued public corruption
cases -- not just against federal officials but against officeholders at the
local and state level. They range from the federal grand jury indictment last
month of Democrat Sheldon Silver, the  ex-leader of the New York state assembly,
on fraud and extortion charges to the successful prosecutions of Republican
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, on federal corruption charges after they took
lavish gifts, vacations and loans from a businessman seeking official favors.

Last month, federal prosecutors also won a guilty plea in a separate Virginia
case in which Republican campaign operative Tyler Haber admitted he helped
direct $325,000 in super PAC spending that aided a congressional campaign he was
running. It marked the first federal conviction for violating
campaign-coordination rules since the Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United
decision that paved the way for PACs to raise and spend unlimited corporate
money as long as they operate independently of the candidates they back.

"While we have always sought to bring these cases, the opportunity to commit the
crime has increased dramatically with changes in the law," Justice  spokesman
Peter Carr said.

The string of victories, however, does not mean that prosecutors face an easy
task in any case against Menendez.

Menendez has faced accusations that he improperly promoted the business
interests of Salomon Melgen, a Florida eye doctor who contributed to his
campaign and underwrote his travel to the Dominican Republic.

Menendez has denied wrongdoing. In a statement, he emphasized that he and Melgen
had been friends for more than two decades, which experts say is likely to be a
key element of his defense. "We celebrate holidays together, have been there for
family weddings and funerals and have given each other birthday, holiday and
wedding presents -- just as friends do," Menendez said.

"If they have the facts, the government's theory is a straightforward claim --
money for favors," said Richard Briffault, a  Columbia Law School professor.
However, "if the senator is able to show he was doing things for a friend, then
that rebuts the idea that he was being bought."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

Afghan experts believe USA created corruption to exert pressure on Karzai

LENGTH: 1319 words


Afghan experts believe the issue of negotiations and reconciliation with the
Taleban has undermined the issue of fighting corruption after the London
Conference. Speaking to the "Third View" programme on Aina TV, political expert
Wahid Mojda said that the Afghan government neglects the issue of fighting
corruption as it has been only used as a tool for exerting pressure on President
Karzai by the international community. Political analyst Liaqat Ali Amini told
the programme that fighting corruption required comprehensive coordination
between the Afghan government and the international community. The following is
an excerpt from the Third View programme shown on privately-owned Aina TV on 14
February

[Presenter] Hello dear viewers. Welcome to another issue of the "Third View"
programme.

After Hamed Karzai was elected the president of Afghanistan for the second time,
the people of Afghanistan and the international community asked him to make
priority fighting corruption, ensuring security and ensuring national and
international partnership. During his swearing-in ceremony, Mr Karzai promised
to spare no efforts in terms of counter corruption and ensuring security in the
country. How much has Karzai practically fulfilled his promises is a question
which we will discuss in our current programme.

[Political expert Wahid Mojda] Elimination of corruption is very important and
vital for the people and government of Afghanistan, because a government sunken
in corruption cannot win the people's trust. Although, Mr Karzai has taken some
steps in terms of fighting corruption, we notice that some former and current
ministers who are accused of corruption are not prosecuted. This makes the
people believe that the government does not seriously take action against
corruption and makes them lose trust in the government.

[Political expert Liaqat Ali Amini] Unfortunately, the actions taken in terms of
fighting corruption have been undermined after the London Conference. Although
the London Conference discussed different issues on Afghanistan, the issue of
negotiations with the opposition completely marginalized the issue of fighting
corruption. National and international media focus on reconciliation with the
Taleban at the moment and the Afghan government is busy with preparations for
the Peace Jerga which will be held in Sawr 1389 [21 April-21 May 2010] and
formation of a reconciliation council.

[Passage omitted: some western countries fixed a deadline of six months for Mr
Karzai to eliminate corruption in the country; more than two months have passed
since the formation of the new government; Farid Hamidi, a member of the
Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission, calls upon the international
community, the Afghan people and government to fight corruption seriously]

[Amini] Although the international community was serious about the issue of
corruption in the Afghan government; some western countries, particularly the
USA and the UK are trying to talk about the issue of reconciliation with the
Taleban and investment in this respect. In my opinion, the issue of fighting
corruption is more serious than negotiations with the Taleban. If corruption
exists in the government offices, it will cause more damage than the presence of
the Taleban in Afghanistan.

[Mojda] I think one of the reasons that makes Mr Karzai not take serious action
against corruption is that most high-level individuals who are influential in
the government are accused of corruption. If names of these individuals are
disclosed and their cases are pursued and prosecuted, it may cause some
challenges for Mr Karzai's government and for the support provided for these
individuals from the other side. The international community has even talked
about involvement of some of Mr Karzai's family members in corruption. I think
Mr Karzai was very smart in the London Conference, because he replaced the main
topics of the conference which were fighting corruption and establishing good
governance with reconciliation with the armed opposition which really undermined
other questions. The international community does not call the Karzai's
government a corrupt one anymore and the media does not talk about corruption
anymore.

[Passage omitted: Amini criticizes Karzai for supporting former Kabul mayor who
was accused of corruption by a court; Hamidi says the government offices should
cooperate with each other in the fight against corruption]

[Mojda] I do not believe that we will be able to prosecute any corrupt ministers
or high-ranking government officials, because contradictory statements by the
deputy attorney-general and the attorney-general about corrupt officials show
that there are some powerful hands involved in corruption which do not let the
fight against corruption to be successful. However, we can be hopeful that
fighting corruption may have some achievements five years from today.

[Passage omitted: Amini says the law should be reinforced to put an end to
corruption]

[Mojda] Some corrupt individuals have dual citizenship. There were some people
who came here, but took some money out of the country and live abroad at the
moment. The international community should cooperate with the Afghan government
in this regard. Interpol should arrest these individuals and bring them here.
Some other individuals are inside the country but the government does not take
action against them.

[Presenter] The Afghan government created a new organization with support from
the USA and the UK recently called "Office for the fight against grave crimes".
However, experts believe creation of such offices will not be effective in terms
of fighting corruption. Besides, corruption may not be eliminated unless the law
is implemented equally and foreign interference is stopped.

[Mojda] I have only seen some interviews of the director of the "Office for the
fight against grave crimes". However, the problem cannot be solved only by
talking about crimes and accusing some individuals. In fact, one of the reasons
which have caused the government to avoid prosecuting accused officials might be
that even if one official is prosecuted in a court, he may disclose such secrets
which could accuse many other officials of corruption.

[Amini] Fighting corruption requires comprehensive coordination inside
Afghanistan and with the international community. When Mr Karzai talks about
corruption, he accuses foreigners and their performance in the country of being
a factor of promoting corruption in Afghanistan. On the other hand, the
international community accuses the Afghan government of causing corruption.
However, I believe as long as the Afghan government and the international
community accuse each other in this regard, the process of fighting corruption
will not succeed.

[Mojda] Afghanistan is not the only country where the American forces caused
corruption. Even in Iraq, the American forces went to Saddam Husayn's castle and
took out billions of dollars from there. That money is missing now. Today, no
one is held accountable about where that money is gone. Other cash resources in
Iraq are missing. Even fuel is missing in Iraq, but no one takes responsibility.
It means that corruption goes wherever the US goes. Now that the Americans exert
pressure on Mr Karzai to be accountable because they use corruption as a tool.
This is not the reality. If they wanted to eliminate corruption for real, they
would have pursued it. Mr Karzai also knows that they are exerting pressure on
him using corruption as a tool in order to make him accept some of their
demands, otherwise they would introduce him as the leader of a corrupt
government. Therefore, Mr Karzai neglects the issue of fighting corruption. The
main thing is that the root of corruption is inside the foreign forces in
Afghanistan.

[Passage omitted: there are other corrupt governments]

Source: Aina TV, Kabul, in Dari 1650 gmt 14 Feb 10

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             April 23, 2006 Sunday

What's so bad about the Bay State?

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 191 words


We asked readers why they left Massachusetts or why they would want to leave.
Here's what they said:

"Massachusetts does offer a variety of features such as museums, concerts and
plays, and good health care, but it comes at a very high price to people on
fixed incomes."

-- Groton

"I am not sorry for the move as I am not paying Mass. state taxes nor having to
explain the "Big Dig" when traveling."

-- Nashua

"We left in 2003 for Hew Hampshire. High taxes, political corruption, gay
marriage, crime, gun control laws, corruption,corruption, corruption."

-- Hudson

"This state appears to be headed toward self-destruction and seems to embrace
it."

-- Tewksbury

"This state is a total loss. We've got the bad winters, the 'colorful'
politicians, the high cost of living and the lunatic left running the whole
asylum."

-- Westford

"This is a one-party state and nothing will ever change that ...the death
penalty, tax rollback, clean-election law, gay marriage, etc., etc., were issues
that passed a ballot initiative and were ignored by the Legislature."

-- Lowell

"Many, especially older New England women have the worst ear-piercing accent."

-- North Chelmsford

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 28, 2012 Sunday

ACORN whistleblower: Corruption widespread

BYLINE: Jon Ericson, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


Oct. 28--CEDAR FALLS, Iowa -- A former ACORN worker who turned whistleblower on
corruption in that agency served as guest speaker for a event Friday in Cedar
Falls, one of four around the state to address voter fraud.

Anita MonCrief is a former employee turned vocal critic of the now-defunct
Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, or ACORN, and its
affiliate organization Project Vote. ACORN, created in 1970, disbanded in 2010.

MonCrief sees corruption as rampant in this country, not just in voter fraud,
but across Washington, D.C.

"These people out here are trying to take our country away from us," MonCrief
said.

She now works with True the Vote, a national organization working against voter
fraud. The group has its roots in a Texas "tea party" organization and gained
fame this year for fighting to get petitions thrown out for the Gov. Scott
Walker recall in Wisconsin.

True the Vote has been recruiting poll watchers in swing states prior to the
election this fall.

The Cedar Falls event, attended by about 25 people at the Lampost Theatre
Company in Cedar Falls. was conducted by the Concerned Women for America of
Iowa. People were asked to sign up for training as poll watchers.

Iowa does not have a law requiring voters to show identification. Such a law has
been introduced, but blocked by the Iowa Senate, which is controlled by
Democrats.

Conservative groups fear voter fraud could impact the election, while
left-leaning groups cry foul, saying the fraud accusations are simply one means
to suppress minority and elderly voters.

According to MonCrief, liberal radicals from the 1960s like Bill Ayers and the
Weather Underground learned they couldn't succeed in a revolution by throwing
bombs, so they looked to infiltrate the system. She said they have control of
the academic world and even have set up roots in the Republican Party.

MonCrief considers herself a reformed liberal whose views are now conservative.
When asked about the current state of the media and Fox News, she said Fox has
swung too far left for her.

Tamara Scott, state director for the Concerned Women for America of Iowa, said
Iowa Secretary of State Matt Schultz attended two of the Friday meetings.

___ (c)2012 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121028-OO-ACORN-whistleblower-Corruption-widespread-1028-20121028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2012 Waterloo Courier

                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Reconstruction also focuses on image;
Big Easy hopes to make doing business easier, unhindered by corruption

BYLINE: Leslie Cauley

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1770 words


NEW ORLEANS -- Hurricane Katrina left New Orleans in shambles. But the storm
also gave the business community something that didn't seem possible just six
months ago: a clear shot at a new beginning.

Business and community leaders plan to use the reconstruction effort to address
a host of systemic problems, including racism, inferior schools, high crime and
unemployment.

They also hope to tackle a problem as old as New Orleans itself: corruption.
It's a major deterrent to outside investors, who have long been repulsed by the
city's grease-the-palms style.

Locals readily acknowledge that the Big Easy is not the easiest place to do
business. The city's quagmire of rules is dense, multilayered and famously
difficult to decipher. Corruption -- in government, business, even the  school
system -- is as much a part of the city's identity as crawfish and Mardi Gras.

To get along, businesses learned to go along. They doled out kickbacks, heaped
favors on politicians  and bent the rules beyond the breaking point. In doing
so, they helped to create New Orleans' reputation as a slippery place to
operate.

Few know that subject better than Jim Letten, the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern
District of Louisiana, which includes Greater New Orleans.

In fiscal 2004, Letten's office won indictments of 44 people, many of them
public officials, for a grab bag of felonies: fraud, extortion, bribery and
more. That's double the previous year's total, he says. Among the 22 local
officials charged were police officers, state judges and U.S. postal workers.

Over the past five years, more than 50 local law enforcement officials have been
convicted, Letten says. Twenty-five individuals associated with the local school
system -- administrators, teachers, even teacher's assistants -- have also been
indicted.

Letten credits his success, in part, to the increasing willingness of locals to
cooperate with law enforcement agencies. He sees the attitude shift, which began
before Katrina, as a hopeful sign.

Still, the crush of convictions is burnishing Louisiana's reputation as a place
where local, state and federal laws are as disposable as Kleenex. Pile on
Louisiana's cavalier attitude about corruption, and the result is a "Banana
Republic without the bananas," says Fred Smith, a native Louisianan who is
president of the Competitive Enterprise Institute in Washington, D.C.

James Bernazzani, the FBI's special agent in charge of Greater Louisiana, says
the city's tough reputation is well deserved.

"Public corruption is real in New Orleans, and it is going to take the
cooperation of the community to tackle it," he says.

Bernazzani says corruption is a major contributor to the city's other shameful
legacy: violent crime.

In 2004, he says, New York City recorded seven murders for every 100,000
residents. New Orleans reported 59, giving it one of the USA's highest
per-capita murder rates.

The city's propensity to go easy on criminals is another factor. In the 12
months ended September, just 7% of those arrested   in New Orleans went to jail.
During the same period, the incarceration rate for federal crimes prosecuted by
Letten's office  was more than 95%.

The state's low incarceration rate is owing  to many things. Among them: sloppy
police work, the failure of local offices to follow up on investigative leads
and the tendency of local courts to grant bail to those accused of violent
crimes.

For all those reasons, locals are notoriously skittish about cooperating with
law enforcement agencies. Why? Because they fear retribution -- in the form of
"revenge killings" -- out on the streets later, Bernazzani says.

The ugly cycle -- graft, corruption and a broken judicial system -- has had a
profound impact on the business community: "Businesses no longer want to
relocate to New Orleans because they're sick and tired of the bribes and the
kickbacks," Bernazzani says.

'Right kind of environment'

With billions in federal aid flowing into the region, the FBI expects the number
of corruption cases to skyrocket. Bernazzani says he recently asked for
additional field investigators to help handle the extra load. He declines to say
how many.

The New Orleans Business Council, a 30-year-old group that represents some of
the region's most influential businesses, is acutely aware of the cost of the
city's oily reputation.

"No business is going to come here unless we create the right kind of
environment," says Jay Lapeyre, chairman of the business council and president
of Laitram, a major maker of shrimp-peeling equipment.

Lapeyre says his group hopes to use the reconstruction to create a corruption
-free environment for business.  The cooperation of the business community will
be essential. Before Katrina, he says, businesses weren't shy about cutting
their own deals with state and local offices. Post-Katrina, he says, the
temperament is different.

"Now, the attitude is you have to do what's good for this city and not just
what's good for my business or deal," Lapeyre says.

The FBI's experience bears that out. Since Katrina, Bernazzani says, the FBI's
corruption hot line (800-CALL-FBI or 800-225-5324) has been deluged with
thousands of tips. Many leads, he says, come from the business community.

Wiping out corruption depends to some extent on getting state officials to
acknowledge that a problem exists.

Perception vs. reality?

In an interview with USA TODAY, Don Pierson, assistant secretary of the state's
Economic Development Office, insisted that corruption isn't an issue in
Louisiana -- and hasn't been for more than 10 years. "We have heard, and I am
aware of the perception, that corruption is part of Louisiana's fabric of
history," he says. "But I don't buy it."

He also disagrees that companies avoid the state because of concerns over
corruption. Before Katrina, he says, his office recruited more than $3 billion
of investment to the state. "We've not found that to be the case at all," he
says flatly. "In my day-to-day experiences, (corruption) is just not an issue."

His  boss, Louisiana Gov. Kathleen Blanco, disagrees. "We have a horrible image
because of political corruption," says Denise Bottcher, Blanco's spokeswoman.
"There is no doubt that Louisiana is going to have to earn the trust and
confidence of this nation."

Blanco has been vocal about trying to stamp out corruption. But local business
leaders say she needs to do more.

In November, the New Orleans Business Council sent Blanco a letter imploring her
to "declare an all-out war against corruption, the appearance of corruption and
patronage politics throughout the state. ... To restore public trust, we must
create government that is honest, competent, transparent and accountable."

The letter, signed by 36 members, asked Blanco to replace the entire membership
of the Orleans Parish Board, which oversees the city's devastated levee system.
The levee board, which has been criticized for mismanagement before and after
the storm, is under investigation by the FBI and U.S. attorney general's office.

Blanco's spokeswoman, Denise Bottcher, says the governor recently fired the
board's president. But she spared the others, Bottcher says, because they are
"new."

Concern about the levee board is nothing compared with the rising concern about
the levees themselves. The levee system broke down during Katrina, causing
catastrophic flooding. Businesses and residents are wary about returning and
rebuilding until the levees are rebuilt to withstand another powerful storm like
Katrina.

Citizens for 1 Greater New Orleans, a local grass-roots group, is also
campaigning for levee reform.

Following the council's lead, the group has circulated a petition calling for
consolidation and reform of the levee district for Greater New Orleans. It has
so far collected about more than 52,000 signatures.  The city has only 150,000
to 200,000 residents now.

Ruthie Frierson, the group's founder, says the big turnout is reflective of the
city's growing frustration with the government's response to the Katrina crisis.

"We've gone from mourning to outrage," says Frierson. "Many lost lives, jobs,
homes and possessions, and they are enraged that Louisiana's politicians are
still playing games with their lives."

Concern No. 1, she says, is the levee system. "People are focused on and
demanding safety from future flood destruction," she says.

Fresh start

Uncertainty about the future has left many unsure about the prospect of
rebuilding in New Orleans. More than 40% of local businesses didn't reopen after
the storm.

To shore up the tax base -- used to pay for streets, libraries, firefighters'
salaries and other infrastructure-related costs -- the city needs healthy,
revenue-producing businesses.

Before that can happen, New Orleans will have to convince people that the city
is a good place to work and live, says Richard "Dickie" Brennan Jr., a namesake
of the Brennan restaurant family.

"This catastrophe gives us the opportunity to come up with a new (business)
structure that will allow us to compete with other regions," Brennan says. "That
opportunity is here now. But it won't be here 10 years from now."

Smith, the think-tank executive, shares that belief. "Right now, Louisiana has
the best chance it's ever had in history to rethink its past to ensure that it
has a future," he says. "They shouldn't neglect that."

The local government has made much ado about the French Quarter, one of the
city's main tourist draws, being up and running.

Locals roll their eyes at that: The Quarter, charming as it is, has never been
the heartbeat of New Orleans, they say. That honor belongs to the eclectic
collection of people and small businesses that called the city home.

"What makes the Quarter the Quarter are the crazy people who live there," says
Cheron Brylski, who owns a small marketing firm.

Likewise, it was the people that made the Garden District, Bourbon Street and
the city's once-teeming business district what they were. That's why it is so
important for the rebuilding process to be tailored to fit the unique character
and needs of New Orleans, Brylski says.

Letten, the U.S. Attorney, says time is critical. "New Orleans' survival depends
on three things," he says. "Getting a handle on violent crime, building a viable
public school system and eradicating the abject and debilitating corruption that
that has plagued New Orleans for so long."

Mason Granger, the president and general manager of WDSU Channel 6, the local
NBC affiliate, seconds that notion.

"This is the moment," says Granger, a member of the New Orleans Business
Council. "If the moment passes and we don't take advantage of it, we will only
have ourselves to blame."

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Vincent Laforet, pool
PHOTO, B/W, Chris Graythen for USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 31, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: Section SP; Column 0; Sports Desk; INBOX; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 863 words


FIFA Charges Merited, but Timing Seems Questionable

To the Sports Editor:

Given the unrivaled status of soccer as a unique ambassador of international
diplomacy in a badly divided world, fans deserve no less than a fully
transparent, apolitical, independent and, above all, corruption-free FIFA.

I am glad that the Justice Department has taken up leadership by garnering the
full force of law and ratcheting up international pressure by bringing charges
to investigate and prosecute the corrupt officials of FIFA. I only hope that
this doesn't malign the magnificent sport, an inspirational force to the world's
most disadvantaged children.

I am sure most of us would root for soccer to stay well beyond the realms of
bare-knuckle world politics and brutal forces of corruption catalyzed by
officials operating with full impunity and sponsored by countries with vested
interests.

ATUL M. KARNIK, Woodside, N.Y.

To the Sports Editor:

The United States is taking the phrase ''policeman of the world'' to the
extreme. The laws used to bring FIFA officials allegedly involved in corruption
to federal court in Brooklyn are more properly used against terrorists. Most of
the actions in the indictments take place beyond our soil. If there is a problem
with corruption, law enforcement against FIFA should be centered where there is
more at stake.

It is also hypocritical that the corruption investigation seems to have started
right after the United States hosted a lackluster World Cup and seems to have
hit its climax when our bid lost to Qatar.

SEAN ROMAN STROCKYJ, New Hyde Park, N.Y.

To the Sports Editor:

It is clear that FIFA will not clean its own house. That Sepp Blatter did not
know of the globally open secret of corruption at FIFA: not possible. That Mr.
Blatter will squelch any serious move toward accountability at FIFA: all too
likely.

The short-term solution is for the European Union, the United States, Concacaf
and other supporters of reform to announce that they will not participate in the
2018 World Cup. Instead, they should plan to hold an alternative championship.
Australia has been mentioned as an alternative location for the championship.

Nothing short of this approach will work to force real change at FIFA.

ALLAN ABRAMSON, Alexandria Va.

To the Sports Editor:

The FIFA scandal and arrests coinciding with Russia's being granted the World
Cup in 2018 makes the act appear politically motivated, more so than a legal or
ethical problem. With the embargo against Russia because of its activities in
Ukraine, it is very awkward and problematic for it to be granted the World Cup.

The Justice Department's action against FIFA may be perfectly justified, yet it
reeks of political payback.

LARRY HOFFNER, New York

A Wedding With Ties to Baseball

To the Sports Editor:

Re ''A House of Worship, Converted and Renewed,'' May 27: Andrew Keh's article
on the Cubs Den in South Bend, Ind., was especially timely, as the last ceremony
at Sons of Israel Congregation was on May 24, 1992 -- my wedding to John Cartan.
Although we lived in California, I wanted to marry in my hometown. The synagogue
was being sold, but my father, Si Brazy, as president of the dwindling
Reconstructionist congregation, opened the building for our family and friends.
It was not the synagogue I attended as a child, but my great-grandparents,
uncles and cousins were inscribed on the memorial walls.

Baseball and the William Street Shul -- as it was known in South Bend -- go well
together. Congregants joked about fund-raising by selling kosher hot dogs
outside the stadium. And why not? As my Uncle Larry Hurwick said, baseball was
the first sport in the Bible. It says so, right there in Genesis 1:1, ''In the
Big Inning,'' and ''Rebecca walked with her Pitcher.'' (Genesis 24:15).

BETSY BRAZY, Alameda, Calif.

Give Connors an Asterisk

To the Sports Editor:

Re ''Years Later, Still Not the One,'' May 26: I have no major quarrel with the
ATP's refusing to install Guillermo Vilas retroactively as a No. 1 player in the
world. I do have a problem with the idea that Jimmy Connors was No. 1 for 160
consecutive weeks during a period when the rankings were not released weekly.
Had they been, Connors's name would have not occupied the top spot each week. In
a list of the longest consecutive streaks for being ranked No. 1, Connors's name
should have an asterisk.

ANDREW RUBIN, Marina del Rey Calif.

Costs Harm Lacrosse Attendance

To the Sports Editor:

Re ''Even as the Popularity of Lacrosse Rises, the Final Four Fights a
Decline,'' May 23: Nowhere does the article mention the escalating price of
tickets to these events. As a resident of Philadelphia who grew up on lacrosse
in Baltimore, I was prepared to go to the semifinal between Johns Hopkins and
Maryland until I saw the average price of a single ticket, over $100, even in
the stadium's worst sections. The use of N.F.L. stadiums for the Final Four does
not add prestige to the event, only costs. The sport is more popular than ever,
yet the N.C.A.A. and people running lacrosse programs seem oblivious to the
reason for declining attendance at its premiere event.

TOM GOODMAN, Philadelphia




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/31/sports/letters-to-the-editor.html

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company

                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

County praised as ethics reform pioneer;
Palm Beach helped lead others to tighten policies statewide, report shows.

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 868 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Palm Beach and other counties clouded by a dark history of corruption are
setting a pace for reform that should be modeled by other Florida governments,
advocacy organizations said Thursday.

Integrity Florida and the Leroy Collins Institute released a report showing that
a majority of 45 Florida counties surveyed now require ethics training for
elected officials, restrict gifts from lobbyists to officials and regulate
contracting practices.

Most also have designated a county point person for ethics issues, the report
found.

"In many of these instances, these reforms did follow corruption," said Carol
Weissert, director of the Collins Institute. "But I think what we're seeing are
counties where they're not having corruption and they're still trying to make
these changes."

Dan Krassner, executive director of Integrity Florida, said some county
officials acknowledge the stricter oversight measures enacted locally were
prompted by an absence of tough state ethics laws.

"City and county governments can go further than the state, but they can't be
weaker than what the state requires," Krassner said.

He said the survey of local standards can be a guide for Florida's new
legislative leaders, who have spoken of toughening standards state officials
must meet.

Both House Speaker Will Weatherford, R-Wesley Chapel, and Senate President Don
Gaetz, R-Niceville, have created new ethics committees they expect to propose
enhanced measures to be considered by next year's legislature.

The survey cited Palm Beach County as a forerunner of ethics reform. The county
created its own ethics commission in 2010, enacted a tougher ethics code a year
later and hired an inspector general empowered to look for fraud and abuse in
the county.

But Palm Beach County's reforms also were hard earned.

The county had been branded the "Capital of Florida Corruption," in 2009 by Time
magazine and over a five-year period had four county commissioners convicted of
corruption charges and a pair of West Palm Beach city commissioners sent to
prison for felonies.

An earlier analysis by Integrity Florida concluded that the state leads the
nation in convictions under federal public corruption laws. Between 2000 and
2010, 781 convictions occurred in Florida, contributing to Forbes magazine this
year listing the metropolitan areas around Miami, West Palm Beach and Fort
Lauderdale in the top 10 of America's "most miserable."

Gaetz, addressing the Senate last week for the first time as its leader, rattled
off the recent spate of misdeeds by public officials in his home county,
Okaloosa.

"In my medium-sized North Florida county, a commissioner was just removed for
official misconduct, the (tourism development) director committed suicide after
he stole bed tax and BP money, the speaker of the House was forced to resign,
the tax collector was run out of office, our college president was fired and our
sheriff is in federal prison," Gaetz said. "That's just my county."

Gaetz told senators that Floridians wouldn't settle for inaction on ethics.

"The people who sent me here, the people who sent you here, want solutions, not
excuses," Gaetz said.

Measures already on the table include those from the Florida Commission on
Ethics -- whose annual wish list to legislators is commonly ignored.

This year, the panel is seeking approval to increase fines against public
officials punished by the commission for misdeeds, and allow more time to
collect the penalties.

A year ago, the commission chose to write off $1 million in fines against 800
public officials because a four-year time limit on the penalties had expired.

Other proposals involving voting conflicts, blind trusts, changing the standard
for violations from "clear and convincing evidence" to a "preponderance of
evidence" are among other issues commissioners said legislators should consider
next year.

But legislators usually sidestep approving tougher laws on themselves. One state
ethics commissioner, Edwin Scales, aired his frustration in June when he said
the panel had been reduced to merely "a paper tiger."

Locally, however, the report said counties are doing some good things.

Twelve of the 45 counties surveyed had adopted ethics codes stronger than state
law. Palm Beach, Miami-Dade and Duval have their own ethics commissions, while
Palm Beach is one of five counties with its own inspector general.

In Palm Beach County, however, Inspector General Sheryl Steckler's work has
drawn criticism, with former County Commissioner Karen Marcus saying the office
duplicates that of county auditors. Fourteen of the county's 38 cities,
including West Palm Beach, also have sued the county, challenging the
requirement that they help finance the inspector general's office under the 2010
measure that created it. They say the fee amounts to double taxation.

The statewide report, however, generally showed that counties are trying to take
steps to improve ethics.

Three counties have enacted stricter ordinances covering campaign financing.
Another 25 counties have adopted a contract bidding process tougher than
required under state law.

Still, only 10 counties surveyed, including Palm Beach, require lobbyists to
register, a standard in state government.

jkennedy@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 27, 2009 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Another Obstacle for Corzine in Uphill Reelection Fight

BYLINE: Chris Cillizza

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 1119 words


The arrests of a number of New Jersey politicians late last week in connection
with a money laundering and bribery scandal makes what was already a tough
reelection fight this fall for Gov. Jon S. Corzine (D) even more difficult.

The sting, in which 44 people were arrested, including two state assemblymen and
three mayors, also led to the resignation of Joseph V. Doria Jr., who served as
the head of Corzine's Department of Community Affairs. Doria's home was raided,
but he was not arrested.

Corzine, already embattled in his reelection bid this fall thanks to voter
discontent with the economy among other things, immediately sought to distance
himself from the corruption scandal -- naming state Sen. Loretta Weinberg as his
running mate Saturday and touting her reputation as the "conscience of the
legislature."

Spokeswoman Elisabeth Smith added that Corzine had "implemented the most
stringent ethics reforms in New Jersey history over the last three years."

For many Democratic operatives, however, the corruption scandal was not so
easily dismissed.

One senior Democratic strategist who has worked extensively in the state called
the sting a "tipping point" for voters who have been "looking for an excuse to
vote against business as usual for years but didn't have an acceptable
alternative."

Former U.S attorney Chris Christie (R) would seem to fill that void, having
spent much of the campaign touting his law-and-order credentials -- a message
that dovetails nicely with the current corruption case.

Christie released a television ad Friday that begins: "As U.S. attorney, I put
corrupt public officials in jail -- Republicans and Democrats."

Polling done before the sting operation showed Christie with a steady
double-digit lead despite Corzine's heavy spending -- a former Goldman Sachs
executive, the governor has considerable wealth -- and attacks on Christie's
ethics.

"His clearest route to victory had been to spend tens of millions making clear
he'd cleaned up Trenton and bloodying Christie with accusations of graft and
corruption," said one Democratic operative with long ties to New Jersey. "Now, a
member of his cabinet and mayors he needs for turnout are caught up in a huge
corruption ring, so he can't run on ethics reform. So now what's his road map to
victory?"

The Democratic Edge

The last month has been kind to Senate Republicans.

Top-tier candidates in Illinois and New Hampshire have decided to run on the
Republican side, and primaries have gotten clearer -- or at least less messy --
in Missouri and Florida.

That said, what the coverage of the Senate playing field tends to overlook is
that Democrats are on the offensive in three swing states -- New Hampshire,
Missouri and Ohio -- and the places where they are playing defense --
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Illinois and Delaware -- tend to favor their party.

Do the underpinning demographics ensure that Democrats will win the
aforementioned seats? No. Extenuating circumstances always matter -- witness
Sen. Chris Dodd's (D) vulnerability in a state that gave President Obama 61
percent of the vote in 2008.

Still, in considering the most vulnerable Senate seats, the partisan landscape
tilts toward Democrats -- an edge that must be considered when handicapping the
races.

Here's the Fix's look at the five seats most likely to switch parties next
November:

5. Pennsylvania (Democratic-

controlled): A Quinnipiac University poll released last week that showed Sen.
Arlen Specter (D) and former representative Pat Toomey (R) in a dead heat was an
eye-opener. We continue to believe that Toomey's public statements on red-meat
conservative issues can and will be used against him in next year's general
election. But the primary battle between Specter and Rep. Joe Sestak (D) should
keep Toomey in the game. Regardless of what polling in the primary shows today,
most Democratic strategists we talk to expect a very close race if Sestak
ultimately runs against the party-switching Specter.

4. Missouri (Republican-

controlled): Rep. Roy Blunt (R) has turned his campaign around -- getting his
fundraising house in order and seemingly clearing the primary field of serious
opponents. This race is still a major problem for Republicans, however.
Democrats are pounding Blunt over his statement that his party doesn't need an
alternative health-care plan, and Secretary of State Robin Carnahan is regarded
as one of the Democrats' best candidates in 2010.

3. New Hampshire (Republican-

controlled): Former state attorney general Kelly A. Ayotte's (R) decision to run
for the seat being vacated by Sen. Judd Gregg (R) is a recruiting success for
Republicans -- she is well known and well liked. But, Ovide Lamontagne, who was
the GOP's gubernatorial nominee in 1996, appears to be moving toward a primary
bid and could find traction among New Hampshire Republicans by running to the
ideological right of Ayotte. Rep. Paul W. Hodes (D) bounced back from a
lackluster first fundraising quarter to collect more than $700,000 from  April 1
to June 30.

2. Kentucky (Republican-

controlled): Jim Bunning. Say those two words to any Republican operative in
either Washington or Kentucky, and you will get an eye roll and a shrug of the
shoulders. No one knows what the Republican senator has planned for 2010,
although his second straight weak fundraising quarter suggests he will
ultimately back out. Secretary of State Trey Grayson (R) stands ready to fill
in, and the $600,000 he raised in limited fundraising over the past three months
suggests that he would be a credible replacement. The real star of the race,
however, is Attorney General Jack Conway (D), who raised $1.3 million in the
second fundraising quarter to make it clear that he is the favorite in next
year's primary against Lt. Gov. Daniel Mongiardo.

1. Connecticut (Democratic-

controlled): In a new, independent poll, only a little over a third of
Connecticut voters believe Dodd is honest and trustworthy. Those kinds of
numbers are difficult to bounce back from, particularly since Dodd is a
well-known commodity and has spent the last month running television ads to
reintroduce himself to voters -- to little effect. Many Democrats believe
privately that Dodd will ultimately decide against seeking reelection, but those
closest to the incumbent insist that is not an option. Former representative Rob
Simmons is the favorite for the Republican nomination, although Tom Foley, a
former U.S. ambassador to Ireland, is expected to run a serious campaign.

2 days: The Republican National Committee meets in San Diego. Minnesota Gov. Tim
Pawlenty, a likely 2012 presidential candidate, will attend.

13 days: Republican Governors Association gathers in Sun Valley, Idaho, for an
energy forum.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Mel Evans -- Associated Press; New Jersey Gov. Jon S. Corzine
(D) has been trailing by double digits in polls.
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           October 18, 2006 Wednesday

Corruption central issue in AG race

BYLINE: By Matt Adrian;matt.adrian@lee.net

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 602 words


SPRINGFIELD - Rooting out public corruption has become the central issue in the
upcoming Illinois attorney general's race.

As allegations of corruption have become a major issue in this year's
gubernatorial race, how to handle it is bleeding into the attorney general
contest.

Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan is being challenged by Republican Stewart
Umholtz and Green Party candidate David Black.

Madigan said she has worked diligently to prosecute corruption.

Her record ranges from indicting the Franklin-Williamson County regional
superintendent on theft andfraud charges to turningover information to U.S.
Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald forhis ongoing investigation into the Blagojevich
administration.

"I've taken that responsibility very seriously," Madigan said.

"I have made sure that the office has hired experienced investigators ... and
lawyers, who have made a career of not just investigating but prosecuting public
corruption cases."

Umholtz, the Tazewell County state's attorney, said corruption drives up the
cost of running state business and hurts priorities like education and health
care.

"I consider public corruption a foundation issue," he said.

"The only way we can find enough revenue to fund education (or) provide health
careis to have our business in order."

Umholtz said he wants to create a special unit at the attorney general's office
to deal with corruption.

The division would handle everything from investigating allegations of
corruption to helping train government workers.

The two major-party candidates view the role of attorney general differently.

Umholtz sees the attorney general as being restricted to making sure existing
laws are followed.

"The attorney general should not be a policy-maker. That's the function of the
Legislature," he said.

Madigan counters that the state constitution gives the attorney general a wide
mandate to address a variety of issues from consumer protection to tightening
restrictions on sex offenders.

"Not only do you represent the state and its agencies, you represent the people
of the state of Illinois," said Madigan.

Both major-party candidates champion open government. Madigan hired a public
access counselor to help people navigate the state's Open Meeting Act and
Illinois Freedom of Information Act.

Umholtz said he would go as far as to do away with closed-door meetings of the
legislative caucuses where many issues are hammered out along party lines.

"It would lower the level of partisanship in Springfield and it would raise the
level of civility," he said. "The focus ought to be on the taxpayer, not on what
party leaders would like to see."

Madigan also is promoting her record on restricting the ingredients for making
methamphetamine.

According to the Illinois Green Party Web site, David Black, a Rockford-area
attorney, supports treatment over incarceration for drug addicts.

The election is Nov. 7.

Lisa Madigan

Party Democrat

Hometown Chicago

Age 40

Job Attorney general

Previous political experience One term as attorney general, former state
senator.

Web site: www.lisamadigan.org

Stewart Umholtz

Party: Republican

Hometown Pekin

Age: 47

Job Tazewell County state's attorney

Previous political experience State's attorney since 1995

Web site www.umholtz.org

David Black

Party: Green

Hometown: Belvidere

Age: Unavailable

Job: Lawyer

Previous politicalexperience: None

Photo: Unavailable

Web site www.ilgp.org

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph

                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Politicians and rabbis arrested in US corruption probe

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 671 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dozens of New Jersey politicians, officials and prominent rabbis were
arrested for organ sales and money laundering from New York to Israel, officials
said.


The 10-year investigation, dubbed "Operation Bid Rig," exposed
influence-peddling and bribe-taking among a network of public officials and a
separate multimillion dollar money-laundering ring that funnelled funds through
charities operated by local rabbis, said the US Attorney's office in Newark, New
Jersey.   The cast of the 44 arrested featured Hoboken, New Jersey, Mayor Peter
Cammarano, who took office three weeks ago in the industrial city visible across
the Hudson River from New York, Reuters reports.   Others accused were mayors of
nearby Secaucus and Ridgefield, state Assemblymen, a deputy mayor, city council
members, housing, planning and zoning officials, building inspectors and
political candidates.   "New Jersey's corruption problem is one of the worst, if
not the worst, in the nation," said Ed Kahrer, assistant special agent in charge
of the FBI's white collar crime and public corruption program in New Jersey, who
has worked on the investigation since it began in July 1999.   "It has become
ingrained in New Jersey's political culture," he said, calling corruption "a
cancer."

Central to the investigation was an informant who was charged with bank fraud in
2006 and posed undercover as a real estate developer and owner of a tile
business who paid off officials to win project approval and public contracts in
northern New Jersey, according to documents in the case.   The public officials
stand accused of taking bribes for pledging their help getting permits and
projects prioritized and approved or steering contracts to the witness.
"Culture of corruption"   In scenes that could have been lifted from the hit TV
series "The Sopranos," about New Jersey organized crime, they met in diners,
parking lots, even bathrooms, officials said.   "The politicians willingly put
themselves up for sale," said Acting US Attorney Ralph Marra.   "The victims are
the average citizens and the honest business people in this state. They don't
have a chance in this culture of corruption."   The public corruption uncovered
by the informant led him to the separate money-laundering network by rabbis who
operated between Brooklyn, Deal, New Jersey, and Israel, authorities said.
They laundered some $3 million (R23 million) for the undercover witness between
June 2007 and July 2009, authorities said.   "These complaints paint a
disgraceful picture of religious leaders heading money laundering crews acting
as crime bosses," Marra said.   "They used purported charities, entities
supposed set up to do good works as vehicles for laundering millions of dollars
in illicit funds."   Human kidney sales   Rabbis accused of money-laundering
were Saul Kassin, chief rabbi of a large Syrian Jewish synagogue in Brooklyn;
Eliahu Ben Haim, principal rabbi of a synagogue in Deal; Edmund Nahum, principal
rabbi of another synagogue in Deal; and Mordchai Fish, a rabbi at a synagogue in
Brooklyn.   The probe also uncovered Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn, who is
accused of conspiring to broker the sale of a human kidney for a transplant.
According to the complaint, Rosenbaum said he had been brokering sale of kidneys
for 10 years.   "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a
kidney for $10,000 (R72 000) which he would turn around and sell for $160,000
(R1235 000)," said Marra.   Several of the public officials were accused of
taking bribes of just $10,000 (R72 000), authorities said.   Cammarano, at 31
the youngest ever mayor of Hoboken, was charged with taking $25,000 (R193 000)
in bribes, including $10,000 (R72 000) last week.   Most of those accused were
arrested in a sweep across New Jersey by more than 300 federal agents early
yesterday and were slated to appear in court in Newark throughout the day.   The
first 12 of the defendants, including Cammarano, appeared shackled before US
Magistrate Judge Madeline Cox Arleo.   Cammarano rocked back and forth in his
chair but betrayed no emotion.   They were granted bail ranging from $100,000
(R772 000) to $500,000 (R3860 000).

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 16, 1990, Friday, Final Edition

Several Mayors Have Faced Juries;
Corruption, Assault Among the Charges

BYLINE: Saundra Torry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A19

LENGTH: 508 words


Mayor Marion Barry yesterday joined a group of about 20 mayors from cities large
and small around the nation who have been indicted in recent years on charges
that range from public corruption to assault.

Only one of the cases involved drugs: the indictment and guilty plea of
then-Charleston, W.Va., Mayor Michael Roark, who had been a rising Republican
star in that heavily Democratic state.

Six of the mayors were convicted; another half-dozen pleaded either guilty or no
contest to the charges. Two were acquitted during trials, and one case was
thrown out because prosecutors failed to start the trial within legal time
limits. One case is pending, and the outcome in the others could not be learned
yesterday.

Some mayors resigned after indictment, but several remained in office pending
their trials, and one, former San Diego mayor Roger Hedgecock (R), won
reelection after his indictment in 1984. He has since been convicted of
conspiracy and perjury in connection with his first mayoral race, and he is
appealing the conviction. He left office when he was convicted, and is now a
radio talk-show host.

Roark, who had crusaded against drugs as a hard-nosed county prosecutor, was
dogged by rumors of drug use from the time of his mayoral election in 1983.
While he was indicted on numerous counts of conspiracy, drug possession and
distribution and persuading a witness to lie to a grand jury, he pleaded guilty
in federal court in 1987 to six misdemeanor counts of cocaine possession.

He had remained in office after his indictment, but announced his resignation on
the day of his plea. He was sentenced to 179 days in federal prison. His license
to practice law was suspended for three years, and he is now working with a
private foundation studying sentencing alternatives in North Carolina, according
to City Attorney John Charnock.

Charnock and others said Roark's indictment brought a wide array of responses:
"Most people considered it a tragedy to him and the city government. A lot also
felt betrayed . . .  felt that they had been lied to" by Roark in his public
statements.

Five of the cases involved mayors from New Jersey, including a case pending
against Atlantic City Mayor James L. Usry, who entered pleas of not guilty last
month to state charges of bribery and conspiracy. Usry, a Republican, has
announced he will seek reelection and has continued to play a visible, upbeat
role in city affairs.

In some cities, however, mayors' attempts to remain in office have met with
little success. Mayor Louis V. Messercola (D),of Wayne Township, N.J., was
indicted in July 1988. After a move to recall him began, Messercola resigned,
and later pleaded guilty to extorting money from a developer in exchange for
help with the local planning board.

The Rhode Island Supreme Court blocked the attempt of former Providence mayor
Vincent A. Cianci Jr. (R) to run for office in a special election after he
pleaded no contest to charges that he had assaulted a man who he said had an
affair with his estranged wife.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post

                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 23, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Rhode Island Scandals Ignite Revolt by Voters

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 26; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 773 words

DATELINE: PROVIDENCE, R.I.


In corporate board rooms, churches and community centers across the nation's
smallest state, a citizen revolt is under way.

Rhode Islanders are fighting for a corruption-free state. Galvanized by a
year-old credit union crisis and countless revelations of political corruption,
thousands of people are calling for change in Rhode Island through an
organization whose name conveys their impatience: "Right Now!"

Right Now -- a coalition that includes members of local Chambers of Commerce,
the Urban League, the American Association of Retired Persons and the Girl
Scouts -- is trying to send a message to state legislators that corruption will
no longer be tolerated by the state's one million residents.

The group has proposed specific legislation and is not only lobbying for its
proposals but getting Rhode Islanders to pledge not to contribute to political
campaigns until the measures are passed.

'You Have to Do Something'

"Rhode Island has been mugged and raped, but nobody wanted to come out and say
it," said the coalition's president, Alan Hassenfeld, who is also president of
Hasbro, the nation's largest toy manufacturer. "At some point, you get so
disgusted, you realize you have to do something."

Public sentiment toward high-ranking wrongdoers has shifted dramatically since
the days when voters in Providence re-elected former Mayor Buddy Cianci after he
was convicted of assaulting a city contractor in 1984.

Gov. Bruce Sundlun, a Democrat, has referred to 1991 as the year in which "the
dishonesty, greed and corruption that rotted our system was exposed for all to
see."

Indeed, last year, the politics of patronage became impossible not to see, as
revelations of government corruption made headlines. Among them were these:

*Former Mayor Brian Sarault of Pawtucket was convicted of taking $250,000 in
kickbacks from city vendors and of running an extortion ring from his City Hall
office.

*Former Gov. Edward D. DiPrete was fined $30,000 by the State Ethics Commission
for steering state contracts to campaign contributors and associates.

*A Family Court judge, John E. Fuyat, admitted to defrauding four banks while
applying for loans and resigned after it was disclosed that he had accepted
$304,000 in loans from lawyers.

*A retired Superior Court judge, Antonio S. Almeida, who is awaiting trial, was
charged with accepting $45,100 in bribes from a Providence lawyer in exchange
for favorable rulings.

*Governor Sundlun opened records in July revealing pension abuse by state
legislators who had approved more than 200 special pensions for constituents,
relatives and their colleagues for part-time state jobs. The records showed that
checks were still being mailed to dead people.

But most residents agree that if there was one event that inspired the ethics
movement in Rhode Island, it was the collapse of the private fund that insured
45 banks and credit unions. The fund's collapse led Governor Sundlun to close
those banks and credit unions, freezing the accounts of one-third of the state's
residents. Some of those depositors are still waiting for their money.

Public anger has turned into action, said the vice chairman of Right Now, Philip
West Jr., who is also state executive director of Common Cause, a public affairs
lobbying organization.

"People are beginning to realize that it is not enough to scapegoat a few
politicians," he said. "All of the community has had a part in allowing Rhode
Island to become Rogue's Island, and the time to make it right is now."

Right Now has called for a moratorium on all campaign contributions until the
Governor signs campaign finance legislation now before the State Senate. So far,
about 2,000 individuals and 200 businesses have pledged to withhold political
contributions.

Previously, the coalition said it would not lift the pledge until legislators
passed its 28-point ethics and campaign finance package. But the coalition
changed its emphasis to the campaign-financing measures after first-time
candidates complained that the pledge was hurting their efforts to raise money
to campaign against incumbents.

A proposed ban on giving state jobs to legislators for one year after they leave
office has also drawn contention. But other ethics measures have attracted
considerable support, Mr. West said. These include restricting campaign
contributions by political action committees and individuals, prohibiting
politicians from using campaign funds for personal use, banning corporate
contributions and cash contributions, tightening anti-nepotism laws and opening
hearings of the state Ethics Commission to the public.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                                 March 5, 2007

Prosecutors, defense lawyers discuss corruption cases at forum in Minneapolis

BYLINE: Dan Heilman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 985  words


Compared to many other metropolitan areas, Minneapolis-St. Paul is squeaky clean
when it comes to public corruption. But that doesn't mean priority shouldn't be
placed on keeping close tabs on public officials and creating a culture of
transparency that stops corruption before it has a chance to start.

That was the overriding message of an afternoon-long forum held last Wednesday
at the University of St. Thomas School of Law in downtown Minneapolis.
"Exploring Public Corruption: Its Causes, Consequences and Remedies" looked at
the issue of public corruption from viewpoints ranging from a U.S. attorney to a
convicted felon's.

The program opened with comments from U.S. Attorney Rachel Paulose, who was
confirmed to her post by the U.S. Senate in January. Paulose - noting that
public corruption has been a top priority of the FBI since 2001 - pointed out
that public corruption convictions rose 27 percent between 2002 and 2005.

"The federal commitment to this issue is significant, because the federal
government has a resource advantage," she said. "Two hundred FBI agents are on
public corruption cases at any one time. Federal enforcement ensures uniform
enforcement nationwide. "

Following Paulose's remarks was a roundtable discussion, "Political Corruption
in Minnesota: Is it a Problem?" The panel consisted of two Minneapolis defense
attorneys - Joseph Friedberg and Daniel Scott - and two former assistant U.S.
attorneys - Mark Larsen and forum moderator Michael Ward. (Larsen is currently
in private practice at the Minneapolis law firm of Lindquist & Vennum; Ward now
serves as the manager of corporate investigation practice and business ethics at
Target Corp.)

After pondering the question in the discussion's title, Friedberg answered, "It
isn't. [Public corruption] is statistically insignificant in Minnesota. The
bribes we talk about here would be insults in a place like Chicago. If I
specialized in public corruption cases, I would be broke. "

Minnesota Cases

Much of the focus in the discussion was on the handful of corruption cases that
have made headlines in Minnesota in recent years. Among these was former
Minneapolis City Council Member Joe Biernat's 2002 conviction on fraud charges
relating to allegations that he voted to put a plumbing contractor on the
plumber's examining board in exchange for the free plumbing work.

When asked if it was worthwhile prosecuting the Biernat case, which centered
around $2,700 in free plumbing work, Larsen said, "I heard the derision that was
heaped on my office for prosecuting that case. But this was about more than the
money. It was about controlling who would get plumbing licenses in this city. I
saw it as a gross abuse of the rights of workers. "

Scott and Friedberg insisted that most of Minnesota's corruption cases are
relatively trivial, and amount to a waste of resources given the area's growing
problem of violent crime.

"[The U.S. Attorney's office] picks up amateurs who slide a little bit over the
line," Scott said. "The government takes great pride in prosecuting public
officials, no matter how small the offense. "

After acknowledging that some resources should be devoted to prosecuting public
officials, Friedberg added, "but not one dollar should be taken away from
prosecuting people who physically hurt others. Our priorities are screwed up,
and that comes from the top of the Justice Department. "

Meanwhile, Larsen and Ward argued that the scale of the public corruption cases
prosecuted was secondary, and that the real issue was one of going after public
officials who have betrayed the public's trust.

"It's not just about platitudes," said Larsen. "Everyone with the power to cast
a vote deserves to know they've elected someone honest. "

"Corruption in city government leads to a lack of safety within the city," said
Ward. "The two aren't unconnected. "

The panel also discussed how a long-entrenched party in power can lead to
corruption. Scott said Minneapolis has a relatively transparent system of
government, and such factors as open-meeting laws and public access to official
documents helps nip corruption in the bud. That transparency, he said, obviates
the need for such previously proposed preventive measures as a candidate
assessment panel.

"You can't be in the business of morally judging people before the fact," he
said.

Countering the argument that relatively modest crimes such as Biernat's lead to
pointlessly short prison terms, if any, Larsen said that for a public official
who depends on his reputation, the punishment meted out by a jury is small
compared to the damage done to the defendant's career.

"So much of the punishment in these cases takes place before the judge sees an
indictment," he said. "The fact of the charge changes their lives. Even if
[ex-White House aide and perjury indictee Lewis "Scooter"] Libby is acquitted,
or there's a mistrial, he's already lost. "

Other speakers

The panel was followed by a presentation in which Minnesota House Speaker
Margaret Anderson Kelliher outlined the care state legislators must take in
avoiding any appearance of impropriety in their jobs.

St. Thomas law professor and former assistant U.S. Attorney Hank Shea then led a
discussion with Richard Juliano, former deputy chief of staff for former
Illinois Gov. George Ryan. Juliano pled guilty to racketeering and mail fraud in
2002 in connection with the use of taxpayer dollars to help pay for Ryan's
gubernatorial campaign.

Since receiving a reduced punishment as a cooperating witness - leading to a 6
½-year jail sentence for fellow Ryan aide Scott Fawell - Juliano said he's
taking advantage of opportunities to address aspiring lawyers and politicians
about "how easy it can be to get mixed up in something like this, even if you
think you're doing nothing wrong.

"Never assume that what you're doing today, no matter how insignificant it might
seem, won't be scrutinized later," Juliano said.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              June 6, 2011 Monday

Ramdev supporters in US rap crackdown

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, June 06 -- Supporters of Baba Ramdev in the US condemned the police
crackdown on his fast against corruption in New Delhi, claiming that it was an
act of treachery against the yoga guru and his followers. A large number of
Indian Americans, who gathered in more than two dozen cities across the US
yesterday to show solidarity with his movement back home, became agitated
following the news of the crackdown. "The Indian Diaspora condemns it. We urge
everybody to join in the movement to restore democracy and civility in India,"
said Bhishma Agnihotri, the former Indian Ambassador-at-Large, for NRIs & PIOs,
at a meeting in Houston.

Referring to the turn of events at the Ramlila Maidan last night, Agnihotri,
president of the of Bharat Swabhiman Overseas, said: "It was an act of treachery
upon Baba Ramdev and his followers, who had come to present their demands
against rampant corruption in India."

"We, the people of Indian-origin all over the world are deeply depressed,
embarrassed and pained by this vulgar display of naked power. No justification
of any kind can condone these vicious actions," Agnihotri said.

"It is outrages that the Congress government is coming down on the peaceful
protesters against corruption. This is reminding the 1975 emergency when the
civil rights were denied," said Khande Rao Kand, an Indian-American technocrat
in the Silicon valley who attended an event in support of the yoga guru at
Freemont California.

In nearly two dozen cities across the US, including Chicago, Boston, New York,
San Francisco and Washington, the events featured fasting, yoga camp, panel
discussion.

At many places, people were glued to the Aastha Channel which was broadcasting
Live from Delhi and recorded messages of Baba Ramdev.

In Chicago, Gayatri Shakti Peeth held a panel discussion on the Lokpal Bill, how
NRIs could help to eradicate corruption and raise the standard of living in
India was held. Expressing disappointment at police action, Verma said that it
was hard to understand why the authorities did so. At the popular Durga Temple
in Fairfax, Virginia, a suburb of Washington, community leader Satish Mishra,
president of Federation of Indian American Associations - National Capital
Region (FIA-NCR), made a power point presentation on why there is a greater need
today to support this movement Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 2, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

FBI Corruption Probe Targets Kentucky Legislators' Records

ns

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 107 words

DATELINE: FRANKFORT, Ky.


An FBI investigation of political corruption in Kentucky state government is
targeting financial records of 13 current and former state legislators,
authorities said yesterday.

Subpoenas have been issued to at least four state agencies for the legislators'
pay, travel and campaign finance records dating to 1987.

Agents went through the Capitol complex Tuesday interviewing legislators and
aides and serving subpoenas. The records were to be delivered to a grand jury in
Louisville. Several witnesses appeared before a grand jury yesterday.

The probe's focus was not immediately clear, and federal authorities declined to
comment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post

                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 8, 1991, Saturday

THE SOUTH IN BRIEF; S.C. judge found guilty of corruption

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 490 words


Suspended South Carolina Circuit Judge James "Tee" Ferguson was convicted Friday
of accepting cash for his vote when he was a legislator. The Spartanburg
Democrat is the first sitting circuit judge in South Carolina to be convicted of
felony charges and the fifth lawmaker in as many trials to lose a court battle
on corruption charges stemming from the FBI's Operation Lost Trust.

A federal jury in Columbia deliberated nearly three hours before convicting
Ferguson, 40, of one count of conspiracy to violate the Hobbs Act, a federal
anti-corruption law, and two counts of violating the act. No sentencing date has
been set. He faces a maximum of 60 years in prison and $ 750,000 in fines.

Ferguson also was charged March 21 with one count of conspiring to possess
cocaine and five counts of cocaine possession. He will be tried separately on
the drug charges. No trial date has been set.

AIDS VICTIM, 14, RECEIVES DEATH THREATS: The family of Ricky Ray, an
AIDS-infected 14-year-old, was in seclusion Friday in Florida after receiving
death threats apparently connected with his widely publicized wedding plans.
Sarasota County sheriff's deputies are providing 24-hour patrol surveillance of
the Florida home of Clifford and Louise Ray. Ricky plans to wed 16-year-old
Wenonah Lindberg in Texas in December.

SUIT AGAINST SWAGGART WILL GO ON: A judge in New Orleans on Friday refused to
delay the July 8 trial of Metairie preacher Marvin Gorman's $ 90 million
defamation lawsuit against Baton Rouge televangelist Jimmy Swaggart. The Rev.
Gorman claims in his suit that the Rev. Swaggart and his wife, his ministries
and others conspired to topple the Rev. Gorman's once-thriving television
ministry with allegations that he had engaged in numerous adulterous affairs. He
has admitted one such relationship.

JUDGE DIVIDES ATHLETE'S ASHES: Taking a lesson from Solomon, a Miami judge ended
a family dispute over the cremated remains of a former Olympian: each side gets
half. Peter Moldenhauer's widow and two daughters from a previous marriage had
fought over the ashes for more than four months before Dade Circuit Judge Robert
Newman came up with a solution. The daughters will bury their portion of the
remains at Arlington National Cemetery. The other half will go to St. Augustine
National Cemetery. Mr. Moldenhauer died of cancer Jan. 29 at age 51. The
daughters still are fighting for his mementos from being on the U.S. field
hockey team during the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City.; ELSEWHERE

A man swimming alongside a sailboat in Tampa Bay was attacked by a shark Friday
and suffered bites to his left leg and buttocks. . . . East Tennessee State
University President Ronald Beller, who has come under fire from faculty
members, is leaving the Johnson City college to become a distinguished regents
fellow at Tennessee State University in Nashville.

Compiled from wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution

                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 12, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Police Say Complaints About Graft Are Down

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD KRAUSS

SECTION: Section B;  Page 4;  Column 6;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 756 words


Allegations of police corruption in New York City fell by 17 percent the first
six months of this year compared with the same period in 1994, according to a
Police Department survey. But officials said they were still troubled by the
high concentration of complaints in minority neighborhoods plagued by drug
dealing.

Police officials said they believed that the drop in complaints came as a result
of improved Police Department corruption controls, like an increase in random
drug testing and sting operations that were instituted after more than 30
officers in the 30th Precinct in Harlem were arrested in 1994 on a variety of
corruption charges.

Milton Mollen, the former deputy mayor who headed a commission that investigated
police corruption in 1993 and 1994, suggested that the improvement was a sign
that "those officers who are weak and susceptible to temptation" are starting to
realize the risks of corrupt acts like accepting bribes, stealing drugs and
beating up suspects.

The 957 allegations received by the department in the first six months of this
year -- down from 1,152 in 1994 -- included 339 complaints that officers sold or
used drugs or otherwise helped drug dealers. In addition, 116 complaints were
filed accusing officers of stealing property, 34 saying officers abused arrested
suspects and 48 more alleging officers took gratuities and bribes.

Complaint totals were lower in almost all categories of the survey, compared
with the year before. But in one category, domestic violence, there was a
sizable increase in complaints -- to 18 in 1995, from 4 in 1994.

Preliminary reporting of corruption allegations for the first nine months of the
year suggest the downward trend may be accelerating, with the 1,345 complaints
representing a 23 percent decrease from 1994.

But, as even police officials acknowledge, it is too early to know whether the
corruption problem that has plagued the department for more than a century is
under control. Typically, corruption in the city's police force has come in
20-year cycles, with strong departmental controls installed following highly
publicized scandals, only to be followed by periods of slackening enforcement
and then new scandals.

The vast majority of corruption complaints are never proven, and many are
believed to be filed anonymously by drug dealers against aggressive police
officers in the hope that they will be punished or transferred out of their
precincts. Of the 957 new corruption cases, 692 are still being investigated.
And of the 265 fully investigated, only 11 were substantiated by investigators
and forwarded to departmental or judicial authorities.

The decrease in complaints represented a reversal in the trend of recent years.
In 1994, for example, the annual total of complaints increased to 3,079, from
2,172 the year before. But the same sections of the city that dominated police
corruption complaint reports in 1994 -- black and Hispanic neighborhoods in
northern Manhattan, the central Bronx and central Brooklyn -- appeared at the
top of the corruption lists this year.

The 48th Precinct, covering the East Tremont section of the Bronx, recorded the
most complaints through June 30, with 26. Sixteen 48th Precinct officers were
arrested in May on charges of fabricating evidence and stealing money.

Following, with 17 complaints each, were the 34th Precinct in Washington
Heights, the 71st Precinct in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn and the 44th
Precinct in the High Bridge section of the Bronx.

Departmental statistics suggest that the Internal Affairs Bureau, the police
agency in charge of corruption investigations, has stepped up its vigilance.
Arrests of police officers resulting from investigations begun by the department
itself increased to 41 over the first six months of this year from 23 over the
same period in 1994, while suspensions increased to 38 from 29.

And for the first nine months of the year, the Internal Affairs Bureau conducted
346 sting operations, compared with 65 during the same period in 1994.

Once focused primarily on particular officers with large numbers of corruption
complaints, Internal Affairs is now conducting most of what it calls "integrity
tests" randomly in the precincts thought most susceptible to corruption.

"The overriding factor," Mr. Mollen said, "is there is a total commitment on the
part of the Police Commissioner and the top management of the Police Department
to combat corruption, deter it and ferret it out wherever it exists."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JULY 1, 2004 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

The Impact;
Commerce Bank stock and status take a hit

BYLINE: Joseph N. DiStefano, Cynthia Burton and John Shiffman INQUIRER STAFF
WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1208 words


Commerce Bancorp's reputation and stock price have taken a hit since Tuesday's
federal indictments of two of the bank's officers in an investigation into
alleged corruption in Philadelphia.

Even though Commerce has not been accused of wrongdoing, its shares plunged 10
percent yesterday, after a 5 percent drop Tuesday, when the indictments were
announced. Some investors fear that this might not be the end of the bad news
for the fast-growing Cherry Hill bank.

In less than two days, Commerce has lost $736 million of its market value. Stock
held by founder and Chairman Vernon W. Hill II, his family, and companies they
control dropped $34 million. In New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday,
Commerce shares fell $6.14, to $55.01, a five-month low.

U.S. Attorney Patrick Meehan charged Commerce's Pennsylvania president, Glenn K.
Holck, and regional vice president, Stephen M. Umbrell, with fraud and
conspiracy for allegedly giving money, favors and loans the bank would not
otherwise have made to former Philadelphia Treasurer Corey Kemp in exchange for
city business.

Lawyers for the executives strongly denied any wrongdoing by the men. The
indictment and its charges are "incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate and
misleading" and "unsupported by the law," said Lawrence Lustberg, a Newark
lawyer representing Umbrell.

Kemp and Philadelphia lawyer Ronald A. White face the longest list of charges
from Tuesday's indictment. White, who represented Commerce and served on its
Pennsylvania advisory board, is accused of corrupting Kemp and getting him to
hire favored clients and political donors.

The sharp drop in value of what has been a Wall Street favorite indicates that
many investors were not reassured by Commerce's statement Tuesday that "neither
it, nor any of its subsidiaries or other officers and employees are targets of
this investigation" and that the federal case "will have no material negative
financial impact" on the company.

The Commerce executives allegedly gave Kemp cash and gifts to get more city
business. The bank was a major donor to politicians in New Jersey and
Pennsylvania before announcing last year that it would stop making donations due
to growing criticism.

While Commerce Bank has a strong presence among retail customers, it also has
made a big push to get business from local governments such as Philadelphia.
Local government agencies currently account for one-sixth of Commerce's $23
billion in deposits, far more than most banks.

Following the indictments, investors have reason to fear that even if federal
prosecutors in Philadelphia don't act, "other regulatory bodies may look
deeper," wrote banking analyst Gerald Cassidy, of RBC Capital Markets, in a
report to clients yesterday.

Cassidy said the indictments could make it tough for Commerce to win more
business from towns in parts of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, New York and Delaware
where it does business.

"My Philadelphia clients say, 'Oh, this is just Philadelphia; don't worry about
it,' " Cassidy said in an interview. "But the big picture is not the indictment.
It's all of the existing relationships they have. It's whether those municipal
treasurers and county clerks may sit back and reassess: 'Are we all going to be
tainted with any kind of brush?' "

Ari Gabinet, head of the Philadelphia office of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, said his agency "has just begun to look at" the accusations in the
indictment. The U.S. Attorney's Office cited SEC help in making its case. The
SEC forbids bond underwriters such as Commerce's investment arm from giving
money to public officials who can choose which firms to hire for public
business, either as direct payments or through political action committees.

Separately, the federal Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Commerce's
main regulator, typically conducts a "special" bank examination in cases where
it gets reports that loans were improperly approved, and may later impose
sanctions in some cases, according to spokesman Dean DeBuck. He would not
comment on whether any sanctions for Commerce were likely. The OCC, like the
SEC, assisted the U.S. Attorney's Office in its investigation.

"This appears to fall under the category of 'pay-to-play' allegations that have
plagued the bank for some time," wrote Legg Mason analyst Adam Barkstrom, a
previous Commerce critic, in a letter to investors. Legg Mason owns about 8,500
Commerce shares.

"Management's language regarding these events is overly optimistic," Barkstrom
added. He was concerned about what regulators would think of Commerce's
oversight and management controls, especially because it is alleged that
Commerce chairman Hill knew about the transactions described in the indictments.

Commerce also has defenders. Longtime booster Edward R. Najarian of Merrill
Lynch told investors before yesterday's trading that he saw "no reason to alter"
the bank's rosy growth predictions or his price target of $76 a share by next
June.

Oppenheimer analyst Jennifer A. Thompson acknowledged the "black eye for the
company" but said she trusted Commerce's assertion that it would not affect
financial results.

Oppenheimer owned 1.4 million shares as of March 31, down from over 2.7 million
last year, according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings.

Holck's and Umbrell's lawyers promised a stiff fight.

The charges against Holck are "an outrage. He did absolutely nothing wrong,"
said his lawyer, Kevin Marino. He pointed to Holck's 20-year "unblemished"
record as a banker and denied Holck had done anything wrong in financing Kemp's
mortgage, which he said was issued at higher than the market rate - typical in
cases where a borrower has bad credit.

Marino blamed the city treasurer's admittedly low credit rating on unpaid
college loans and family expenses. But Commerce, he added, "believes and
continues to believe" that Kemp "is a good credit risk."

"I think it's a political investigation gone awry," Marino said. He said Holck
was "accosted by two FBI agents" last fall but refused to "wear a wire" as part
of their investigation after concurring with his lawyer that the FBI had "no
evidence whatsoever of criminality."

Lustberg, the lawyer representing Umbrell, said Commerce "received no benefit
from the city which [Commerce] did not richly deserve as a result of outstanding
banking practices."

Lustberg and Marino both said they had met repeatedly with the U.S. Attorney's
Office in the last few months and reviewed evidence collected by the FBI.

"I've heard these tapes," Lustberg said, "and these tapes do not a criminal case
make."

Contact staff writer Joseph N. DiStefano at 215-854-5957 or
jdistefano@phillynews.com.

Commerce Bancorp Inc.

Commerce is the fourth-largest bank in the Philadelphia region based on local
deposits.

Founded: 1973

Headquarters: Cherry Hill

Chairman: Vernon W. Hill II

Employees: 8,200 (as of Dec. 31)

Branches: 278 (as of March 31)

Total assets: $25.0 billion (as of March 31)

Total deposits: $22.9 billion (as of March 31)

Local deposits: $8.2 billion (as of June 30, 2003)

Share of Philadelphia-area deposits: 9.7 percent

Market value: $4.34 billion

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The City Hall Corruption Probe

GRAPHIC: PHOTO AND CHART;
Glenn K. Holck reportedly wouldn't wear a wire for the FBI.
Stephen Umbrell is charged with fraud and conspiracy.
CHART
Commerce Bancorp Inc. (SOURCES: Bloomberg News; Securities and Exchange
Commission; Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.)

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               February 20, 2012

OPINION

SECTION: Pg. 8 Vol. 28

LENGTH: 337  words


News to cheer: We're not tops in corruption

With two former aides indicted and federal corruption investigations continuing,
embattled Wayne County Executive Robert Ficano is adamant he will not resign.

Unless there is clear evidence of Ficano's own culpability, it seems this
scandal will be another in a long string of revelations about what was going on
right under the county executive's nose. Barring recall, there's no mechanism to
remove him, and he doesn't run for office again until 2014.

Perhaps we may all find solace in a recent analysis of Justice Department data
by a former Chicago alderman-turned-political-science professor. Dick Simpson
pegs Chicago as the most corrupt city in the country, and Illinois the
third-most corrupt state.

More than 1,500 public corruption convictions have been racked up in the federal
judicial district that includes Chicago since 1976. Los Angeles ranks No. 2.
Other states and cities with high tallies include New York , New Orleans and the
District of Columbia.

This is one list Detroit and Wayne County can be thankful to miss.

Wanted: Immigrant success stories

If Gov. Rick Snyder wants a talking point for his quest to make Michigan a
destination for immigrant entrepreneurs, he has one in Manoj Bhargava.

As Daniel Duggan reports on Page 1, Bhargava, the entrepreneur behind 5-Hour
Energy products, has been so low-key that most people don't know the energy
product empire is based here. But there's more. The low-key billionaire is
putting money into promising technologies that could fuel tremendous innovation
- and jobs.

From a no-frills office he shares with four other executives, Bhargava is on the
hunt for game-changing technologies - from desalination of sea water to highly
efficient hydroponic farming - that one of his funds could invest in.

A college dropout and former cab driver, his story could be another American
dream of success.

Michigan might use his story - and the scores of other immigrant success stories
- to create policies and programs to welcome more.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved

                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            December 12, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Yet another Illinois governor faces legal troubles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 361 words


Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich   is accused of  effectively trying to sell the
Senate seat left vacant by President-elect Barack Obama ("Feds: Governor tried
to sell Senate seat," Cover story, News, Wednesday).

Elected as governor in 2002,  Blagojevich's boyish good looks and popularity
brought speculation of a presidential bid in 2008  or 2012. This enthusiasm
dissolved once  rumors of corruption began to circulate.

The most amazing aspect of Blagojevich's case is that "business as usual"
continued through the recent presidential election,  despite investigations  of
figures close to him.

Illinois has a history of elected officials seemingly immune to ethical
considerations and who have had legal troubles.

Don't forget that Blagojevich's predecessor, George Ryan,  was convicted in a
corruption trial.

Let's hope the governors in the future serve out their elected terms and spend
their retirement days surrounded by family and friends, not prison guards.

Karen Wagner

Rolling Meadows, Ill.

Culture of corruption

When Lord Acton spoke of absolute power corrupting absolutely, he surely had
politicians in mind.

For instance, just as the Republicans have Randy "Duke" Cunningham  and Mark
Foley,  the Democrats have  Eliot Spitzer  and Rod Blagojevich. The latter is
the Illinois governor arrested  on charges of fraud and of solicitation of
bribery, accused of putting Barack Obama's  Senate seat on the auction block.

Is the man stupid? Of course not; he merely suffers from the same greed and
blindness that afflict politicians who don't think they're accountable for
anything or to anyone in safe constituencies such as Chicago.

Is this the kind of "change we can believe in"?  Are Democrats convinced that
Republicans are so unpopular Democrats can get away with absolutely anything?

Spitzer is out in New York, Blagojevich appears on his way out in Springfield
and Obama still has Tony Rezko's stench over his campaign  funds.

Let Democrats in general, and the people of Illinois in particular, ask
themselves a question after all those years  deferring to Chicago Mayor Richard
Daley and his  machine: Does Tammany Hall ring a bell?

Mark D. Overholser

Woodbury, Minn.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AFP/Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 28, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SMALL-SCALE POLICE CORRUPTION CITED IN REPORT

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 47, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 575 words


A report to New York City's Police Commissioner says that while integrity in the
Police Department is high, small groups of officers in some units have been able
to get away with corruption for periods of time without detection by their
superiors.

The annual so-called ''corruption trend'' report, submitted earlier this month
to Commissioner Robert J. McGuire by Chief John Guido, the head of inspectional
services, said that commanding officers must do more to combat corruption among
their subordinates.

''The department, 10 years after Knapp, in my opinion, is in the best shape in
its history,'' the report said. ''Institutional corruption on a large scale
seems to be a thing of the past at this time.''

''However,'' it added, ''one disturbing aspect appears to be that in the last
several years small clusters of officers, assigned to the same command, have
been able to engage in conspiratorial acts of misconduct.''

Disclosures by the Knapp Commission in 1972 showed that systematic payoffs to
police officers, detectives and supervisors had become common in the department.


2,319 Complaints in 1981

The latest report said that during 1981 the department received 2,319
allegations of corruption, practically unchanged from the 2,318 complaints in
the preceding year.

The 1980 figure had represented a 7 percent decline from the 1979 total.  Chief
Guido said in the report, however, that ''there is no way to measure the amount
of corruption that is actually going on and not reported.''

The report did not give details of any ''conspiratorial acts,'' but Chief Guido
said in an interview at Police Headquarters that he was referring to situations
such as those involving some members of the Midtown South Precinct detective
squad and officers from the 10th Precinct in Manhattan.

Three detectives from the midtown squad are facing criminal trials on charges
that they took bribes from individuals in the garment center. Four officers from
the 10th Precinct, along with another officer from the Bronx, were arrested last
June on charges that they took money to protect a man they believed to be a drug
dealer from being arrested.

Awaiting Sentencing

Three of the Manhattan officers as well as the Bronx officer have pleaded guilty
and are awaiting sentencing.  The chief referred to these and other such
incidents as ''isolated,'' but said they were a matter of concern.  The
corruption complaints came from members of the Police Department and the general
public. They amount to roughly one complaint for every 10 members of the
department, although some officers were the subject of more than one complaint.

The complaints of possible corruption last year included allegations that
officers stole property, used or sold narcotics and accepted money not to make
an arrest.

In the past, about one of every seven or eight allegations has been
substantiated by investigation.  In 1972, when the Police Department started
keeping tallies of corruption complaints, there were 3,077 complaints recorded.
The number rose to 3,460 in 1974 and then fell to 2,054 in 1976 before rising to
2,682 in 1978 and leveling off again.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            November 19, 2010 Friday

DIGEST

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S5

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: ZURICH


Soccer

FIFA suspends pair

accused of corruption

ZURICH-FIFA suspended two executive committee members from voting for the 2018
and 2022 World Cup hosts on Thursday after completing a corruption
investigation.

Soccer's governing body also cleared Qatar and Spain-Portugal of vote-trading.

FIFA's ethics panel banned Nigeria's Amos Adamu from all soccer activity for
three years for agreeing to take bribes from undercover reporters from the
British Sunday Times who posed as lobbyists trying to buy votes.

Reynald Temarii of Tahiti, the president of Oceania's confederation, was
suspended for one year for breaching FIFA's loyalty and confidentiality rules
when he was secretly filmed in the undercover sting.

Lacrosse

Rock signs Watson

to one-year contract

The Toronto Rock have agreed to a one-year contract with veteran goaltender Bob
Watson.

The 40-year-old Watson, who recently became a police officer in Ontario's
Waterloo Region, has five NLL championship titles and has been named goaltender
of the year twice.

Basketball

Golden State's Lee

released from hospital

OAKLAND, CALIF.-Golden State Warriors forward David Lee has been released from a
hospital after undergoing a second procedure on his left elbow to treat an
infection.

Lee initially had surgery last Friday after he cut the inside of his elbow in a
nasty collision with the mouth of New York's Wilson Chandler, who left a
fragment of a tooth in Lee's arm.

Baseball

Twins ink Gardenhire

to two-year extension

MINNEAPOLIS-General manager Bill Smith gave manager Ron Gardenhire a two-year
extension through the 2013 season Thursday, a day after he was picked as the AL
manager of the year.

Football

Hasselbeck vows he'll

be ready for Saints

RENTON, WASH.-Matt Hasselbeck is ready to play against the defending champion
New Orleans Saints despite two cracked bones in his left wrist.

Even if he couldn't tie his own shoes earlier this week.

Hasselbeck solicited help from third-string quarterback J.P. Losman in order to
lace up his cleats before practice on Wednesday.

Hasselbeck was wearing a bulky brace on his injured left wrist before practice
Thursday but has a smaller setup that he uses during practice.

Brady eases back

into Patriots practice

FOXBOROUGH, Mass.-Tom Brady is practising again with the New England Patriots.

The quarterback participated on a limited basis Thursday after missing
Wednesday's session with a foot injury.

Last week, he skipped Wednesday's practice then was limited the next two days
before playing an outstanding game Sunday in a 39-26 win over the Pittsburgh
Steelers.

Alouettes release

kick returner Taylor

MONTREAL-Larry Taylor's second go-round with the Montreal Alouettes has already
come to an end.

Montreal released the kick returner and 2009 most outstanding special teams
player Thursday, after he'd played just one game with Montreal this season.

Als GM Jim Popp said the coaching staff decided that Taylor would not play in
Sunday's CFL Eastern final versus Toronto and that it was best to send him home.

Star wire services

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited

                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

LENGTH: 725 words


oregon

FBI says it has surrounded last occupiers at refuge

BURNS "" The FBI says it has moved to contain the last few occupiers of a
wildlife refuge.

In a statement late Wednesday, authorities said they placed agents at barricades
both immediately ahead of and behind the area where the occupiers were camping.
An acquaintance of occupier David Fry was live-streaming on YouTube what he said
was an open phone line from the standoff. The occupiers said they were
surrounded by armored vehicles. They can be heard arguing with someone they said
was a negotiator.

The four holdouts were the last remnants of an armed group that seized the
Malheur National Wildlife Refuge on Jan. 2 to oppose federal land-use policies.

Greg Bretzing, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oregon, said in a statement
the situation had reached a point where it "became necessary to take action" to
ensure the safety of all involved.

CALIFORNIA

Ex-L.A. sheriff  pleads guilty in corruption case

LOS ANGELES "" Former Los Angeles Sheriff Lee Baca pleaded guilty Wednesday to
lying to federal authorities investigating corruption in the department, a probe
that tarnished his long career and overshadowed his abrupt retirement.

Baca, a media-savvy lawman who used his platform as head of the nation's largest
sheriff's department to travel the world touting progressive policing policies,
had largely been out of sight since leaving office a year early in January 2014.
He consistently dodged questions about any connection to the corruption even as
other former underlings pleaded guilty or were convicted.

That changed with the surprise announcement by federal authorities that the
corruption went all the way to the top of the department and that Baca had
finally agreed to take the fall.

Within hours, Baca was in a federal courtroom pleading guilty to a single felony
count that could put him behind bars for up to six months.

OKLAHOMA

Man arrested in relatives' decapitation

OKLAHOMA CITY "" A man was arrested in the shooting and decapitation of his
grandmother and her husband at an Oklahoma City home where they operated a day
care, police said Wednesday.

Quinton Dashawn Laster, 20, was arrested Tuesday after police found the bodies
of Sharon Reed, 59, and James Earl Reed, 78, in the home where the three lived,
according to Sgt. Ashley Peters.

Peters said the couple operated an in-home day care at the property. The
children were found unharmed in an attached garage and apparently didn't see the
crime, Peters said. She did not know the ages of the children.

NEW YORK

Critics decry radioactive leak at nuclear plant

NEW YORK "" Watchdogs say a leak of radioactive material into the groundwater
below a nuclear power station in New York City's suburbs highlights a chronic
problem with the nation's atomic plants.

New testing has shown that the amount of tritium below the Indian Point power
plant in Buchanan is about 740 times the amount allowed in drinking water.

Officials say there's no immediate health risk from the leak because the village
gets its drinking water from the Catskill mountains.

But critics of nuclear plants say the leak is cause for concern, partly because
investigators had yet to pinpoint how it happened.

LOUISIANA

Judges order blocksenforcing abortion law

NEW ORLEANS "" A federal judge has issued a new order blocking the state from
enforcing a law that he says would keep most women from getting abortions.

Attorneys for the state immediately asked Judge John deGravelles to stay
Wednesday's order while they appeal it and his Jan. 26 finding that the law is
unconstitutional.

After a phone conference late Wednesday, the judge said he will decide whether
to suspend his order after getting written arguments from lawyers for three
abortion clinics, with 5 p.m. Friday as the deadline for those briefs.

MISSOURI

Boy, 3, found dead hours after going missing

IRONTON "" A 3-year-old boy who reportedly went missing early Wednesday from his
grandfather's home was found dead hours later, draped in a blanket in a
neighbor's van about a mile away, authorities said.

Investigators declined to say how Titus Greyson Tackett may have died or if they
suspect wrongdoing, citing a planned autopsy.

Titus went missing from his grandfather's house in Ironton, a rural community
about 75 miles south of St. Louis.

"" Wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Arizona: A Review of Treasury's Efforts to Combat Corruption on World Anti-
Corruption Day

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:


[#x200b]December 9th marks World Anti-Corruption Day, a day that draws attention
to the ongoing threat of corruption and to the many ways we are working to
combat it.



Corruption undermines democratic institutions and public trust, impedes economic
development, impairs our efforts to work with foreign counterparts, and
jeopardizes U.S. national security because it creates environments in which
criminals flourish and can abuse the financial system.

Treasury plays a key role in combating corruption.  We use our tools to identify
corrupt individuals and related threats, and to communicate this information to
U.S. financial institutions.  These efforts are essential to the success of
corruption investigations, including the tracing, identification, and ultimate
return of assets stolen by corrupt leaders and regimes.

Earlier this year, for example, we joined with our G-7 partners to help the
Ukrainian government locate, seize, and return funds stolen by the former
Yanukovych regime and its associates.  We have issued advisories to assist U.S.
financial institutions, keeping them updated and reminding them of their
responsibilities to report the suspicious movement of assets related to
Yanukovych.  We also continue to participate in investigations to locate the
remaining stolen assets.

More broadly, we are constantly working to enhance financial transparency to
prevent corrupt individuals from abusing legal entities in order to conceal
their identity and enjoy stolen resources.  Accurate information is essential to
Treasury's efforts to identify and return assets taken by corrupt leaders and
regimes.

Financial transparency depends on effective customer due diligence, empowering
financial institutions to identify their customers, verify the information they
have, and monitor for suspicious activity.  For these relationships to be truly
transparent, however, financial institutions must also know the identity of the
individuals who ultimately stand behind or control businesses and the accounts
established in their names, known as the "beneficial owners."  That's why
Treasury issued a proposed rule this August, which we are now working to
finalize, to strengthen and clarify how U.S. financial institutions should
understand their customers.

We are also focused on improving the transparency of companies themselves, in
order to address the abuse of companies to conceal illicit financial activities.
To this end, the Administration is working to require the collection of
information about the beneficial owners of a company when it is created.  The
President's budget includes a legislative proposal that would bolster money
laundering and terrorist financing investigations by requiring all newly formed
companies to provide to the IRS beneficial ownership information (something most
companies already do) and giving law enforcement increased access to this
information.

We are also actively engaged

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 26, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

INQUIRY ORDERED INTO CORRUPTION IN CONSTRUCTION

BYLINE: By MAURICE CARROLL, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 25


An investigation into allegations of widespread corruption and organized-crime
infiltration in New York City's multibillion-dollar construction business was
ordered today by Governor Cuomo.

The Governor disclosed his plan in a letter to Mayor Koch, who had formally
requested the appointment of a special prosecutor in April.

Mr. Cuomo said the Statewide Organized Crime Task Force would begin ''an
intensive and comprehensive investigation,'' assisted by the state police, the
State Commission of Investigation and state and Federal law-enforcement
agencies.

''We must break the back of corruption in the city's massive construction
industry,'' the Governor said in his letter to the Mayor. ''Price-fixing, job
extortion, kickbacks and organized-crime infiltration and control of legitimate
business cannot and will not be tolerated.''

The investigation, which will be headed by Ronald Goldstock, the deputy attorney
general in charge of the Organized Crime Task Force, is intended to coordinate
and carry forward inquiries begun by other agencies, including the Commission of
Investigation.

Hearings Focused on Hiring Practices

Mr. Cuomo, for example, has asked David Trager, the chairman of the Commission
of Investigation, to speedily complete his panel's three-year-old investigation
into racketeering and corruption in the city's construction industry and to file
a report.

Mr. Goldstock was not given a deadline, though he, too, was urged to conduct his
investigation and to make his recommendations for prosecuting corruption within
the industry as soon as possible.

The Commission of Investigation this month held hearings on hiring practices and
allegations of featherbedding at construction sites in the city. One issue was
whether large payments made to some union members under labor contracts were
designed to buy labor peace.

The commission, for example, heard testimony about a project at Battery Park
City where a worker was paid $323,378 in wages last year, much of it in overtime
for hours when he was not at the work site.

At City Hall yesterday, the Mayor's counsel, Patrick F. X. Mulhearn, said: ''We
support the Governor. He's providing all the resources.''

Mr. Mulhearn said the Mayor's concerns about the construction industry dated
from his first term, when there was violence at construction sites involving
minority-group members demanding jobs.

Concrete Industry Under Attack

More recently, the State Attorney General, Robert Abrams, investigated
allegations of price-fixing among concrete contractors, and last March he filed
a suit in Federal court charging eight companies with rigging bids on all major
construction projects in New York City.

Today, in a letter to Mr. Goldstock, the Governor said he had asked Mr. Trager
and Donald O. Chesworth, Superintendent of the State Police Department, to
cooperate with his investigation.

The Governor also said that Raymond Jones, the chief of the organized-crime
control bureau within the New York City Police Department, had ''pledged his
full cooperation.''

Mr. Steadman said that eight state troopers and eight New York City police
officers would be assigned to Mr. Goldstock and that the Commission of
Investigation had been asked to lend investigators with special expertise in the
subject.

Mr. Cuomo, in his letter to the Mayor, said he was not appointing a special
prosecutor ''because there is nothing to suggest a lack of existing
prosecutorial capacity.''

But Mr. Steadman, in discussing the investigation ordered by the Governor, said
a prime factor in the appointment of Mr. Goldstock to lead the inquiry was the
jurisdictional problem posed by New York City having five district attorneys,
each responsible for a separate county.

Mayor Koch, in requesting a special prosecutor, had mentioned a similar concern.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 19, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Cracking Down on Corrupt Cops

SECTION: Section A;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 404 words


The dramatic arrest of 14 officers in the 30th Precinct on drug-dealing and
other charges -- plus evidence that many of their fellow cops knew what they
were up to -- is further proof that New York City has a serious police
corruption problem. It also argues strongly for bringing back the defunct office
of the Special State Prosecutor for Criminal Justice.

Only months ago, witnesses before the Mollen commission on police corruption
painted a frightening picture of a see-no-evil, hear-no-evil departmental
culture in which felonious misconduct of the kind uncovered in Harlem's 30th
Precinct easily flourishes. The crimes involved are neither trivial nor subtle.
One officer charged last week is said to have shot and seriously wounded a drug
dealer while stealing a bag of cocaine.

Officials say there will be arrests in as many as 10 other precincts over the
next few weeks. The corruption may well be limited to isolated "pockets," as the
Mollen commission concluded last December. But that is of little solace to
people in poor, drug-infested neighborhoods. Living with police corruption means
living without protection.

Both Police Commissioner William Bratton and his boss, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani,
have made clear they will not tolerate corruption or cops who protect their
crooked colleagues. Acting on information gathered during two years of
investigations and sting operations, Mr. Bratton is adding investigators to his
Internal Affairs Division. To break the force's "blue code" of silence, he will
also allow officers to report their suspicions anonymously. Such tips can be
invaluable, provided care is taken to protect informants and to secure the
corroboration needed to make a case.

Commissioner Bratton also hopes that the arrests and his own strong statements
have already had "a chilling effect" on police corruption. In this he may be too
optimistic. Fighting corruption over the long haul will take more than the
department's newfound vigilance, welcome as it is. The time has come to revive
the office of the Special State Prosecutor for Criminal Justice, an idea
previously endorsed by Mayor Giuliani.

The job was eliminated four years ago in the face of dwindling indictments and
an economic crunch. But given sufficient funding, and led by an experienced,
nonpolitical prosecutor, the special prosecutor's office could help make
corruption a riskier business for bad cops.


LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 5, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

POLICE FEAR INFLATION COULD LEAD TO RISE IN CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 10, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 646 words


New York City's police commanders, in reports to headquarters, have expressed
concern that the financial pressures faced by many police officers as a result
of inflation have created an ''ominous atmosphere'' that could lead to a serious
increase in corruption within the department.

The reports did not cite any increase in corrupt acts by officers.  But the
reports did note areas of special concern, such as the acceptance of gratuities;
''cooping,'' or sleeping on duty, and overtime abuses by those seeking to fatten
their regular paychecks.  The reports noted that many officers were weary
because they were holding two jobs to make ends meet.

The commanders generally agreed that there were no indications so far of any
return to the organized forms of corruption that existed before the 1971
disclosures of widespread and systematic police corruption in the city.
Nevertheless, they said, they are worried about the future, particularly about
so-called ''low-level corruption,'' such as accepting free or discounted meals.

Annual Assessment Made

The commanders - supervisors in charge of the city's 73 precincts and 200 other
investigative and support units -gave their views in the annual corruption
assessment survey made by the department's Internal Affairs Division. A report
on the findings, which was recently submitted to Police Commissioner Robert J.
McGuire, was obtained yesterday by The New York Times.

The report stated: ''Many commanders point to the obvious fact that the economic
situation has worsened considerably and the financial plight of a great number
of police officers has become critical. In the words of one precinct commander,
'Today's economy perhaps has the strongest influence on the integrity level in
this or any other command.'

''Numerous unit commanders stated the opinion that their personnel, despite
second jobs and working spouses, are under considerable financial stress. This
gives rise to an ominous atmosphere conducive to demoralization and the
rationalization of marginally corrupt activities. They also see an even great
danger in the possibility that this attitude might spread upward through the
ranks.''

The report to the Commissioner, which was made by Chief John Guido, the head of
inspectional services, said that the commanders had expressed their concern
despite a decrease last year in the number of complaints of alleged corruption
made against members of the department and a continuing downward trend in
complaints so far this year.

Fewer Complaints Received

In 1979 a total of 2,505 complaints were received from the public or other
police officers, a decrease of 7 percent over the 1978 total. During the first
six months of this year, there were 1,100 complaints, a 22 percent decrease over
the same period the previous year. Police officials have, however, repeatedly
pointed out that the complaint figures provided no accurate barometer of
corruption within the department.

The latest corruption survey was made last spring, before the city and the
police union reached tentative agreement on a new contract that provided for
salary increases and other improved benefits over the next two years.

Chief Guido said yesterday that even with these gains, most police officers,
like most other people, had ''a tough road to hoe financially'' and that the new
contract would not, by itself, significantly diminish the concern expressed by
the commanders in the survey.

The survey found that the police commanders were also concerned about the theft
of property by officers, the use or sale of drugs by officers, the frequenting
by officers of clubs where they could become friendly with criminals, and the
sale or disclosure of confidential information obtained from department
computers. The report noted that various measures had been taken by the
department to combat these hazards.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company

                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                 (Taking Note)

                             July 23, 2015 Thursday

Fighting Corruption in Albany, One Lawmaker at a Time

BYLINE: ELEANOR RANDOLPH

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 352 words



HIGHLIGHT: Preet Bharara, the U.S. Attorney for New York&#8217;s Southern
District, has investigated, arrested and now convicted an astonishing lineup of
key Albany players.


Corruption is so deeply rooted in the culture of New York that it obviously
takes an outsider to make a difference.  That role has, once again, fallen to
Preet Bharara, United States Attorney for New York's Southern District.

While state lawmakers this year did little more than tinker with ethics reform,
Mr. Bharara has investigated, arrested and now convicted an astonishing lineup
of key Albany players.  On Wednesday, he added State Senator Thomas Libous, a
powerful upstate Republican, to his list. Mr. Libous was found guilty of lying
to F.B.I. agents about trying to get a job for his son.

"Public corruption is a scourge," Mr. Bharara said after the jury announced its
verdict. "Every New Yorker wants us to work as hard as possible to end it." That
is almost certainly true of most ordinary taxpayers. But Albany's lawmakers, who
frequently bellow for reform when they campaign for office, too often spend
their time in Albany working hard to keep the laws as loose and easy on
themselves as possible.

In response to the "caldron of corruption," as Mr. Bharara once called it, his
prosecutors have managed to bring about the arrest of leaders from both
legislative chambers this year.

Sheldon Silver, a Manhattan Democrat and the former Assembly speaker, is
fighting federal corruption charges. Dean Skelos, a Long Island Republican and
the former majority leader of the State Senate, has insisted he is innocent of
charges that he used his clout to direct business to his son.

The resignations of those two seasoned Albany operators from their leadership
positions meant that this year's legislative session was unusually rocky. Now
that Mr. Libous has been convicted, he must forfeit his seat, leaving the State
Senate with a slim Republican majority.

With all these legislative leaders stepping down or out, Mr. Bharara has
dramatically diminished the institutional memory in Albany. That should mean
progress. Those who remain, including Gov. Andrew Cuomo, should recognize that
the old, sneaky ways are not good enough anymore. If they don't start cleaning
up their scandalous behavior, Mr. Bharara will.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     March 31, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 476 words



Camden, N.J., Mayor

Faces Corruption Charges


CAMDEN, N.J.--The mayor was arrested yesterday on federal charges of taking mob
payoffs of cash, vacations and automobiles in what the U.S. attorney called a
"detailed and systematic reign of corruption."

Milton Milan, 37, pleaded not guilty and was released on $ 150,000 bail, saying
that he is "absolutely not guilty" and that the case was politically motivated.

Milan was charged with bribery, conspiracy, extortion, money laundering and
fraud. He allegedly received cash, vacation trips, dinners, automobiles and home
improvements from former Philadelphia mob boss Ralph Natale and his associates.

Natale has been cooperating with investigators. Authorities have said Natale
paid the money in hopes of winning city contracts for mob-connected businesses.

"Milan put the office of mayor up for sale. Whatever you needed from him, you
could buy from him," said U.S. Attorney Robert J. Cleary, adding that it was a
"detailed and systematic reign of corruption."

The indictment alleges criminal activity dating to 1996, when Milan was a member
of the city council.


Survey Finds Many Guns

Kept Unlocked in Homes


More than half of U.S. gun owners living with children keep unlocked weapons in
the home, according to a study by the University of California at Los Angeles.

Thirty-five percent of people who reported living in the same home as children
under age 18 said that they kept at least one firearm, the study found.

Of the homes with children and firearms, 55 percent of those surveyed reported
having one or more gun in an unlocked place and 43 percent reported keeping guns
without a trigger lock in an unlocked place, according to research led by Mark
Schuster.

Overall, 9 percent kept their guns unlocked and loaded, representing homes where
about 1.7 million children live.

As many as 13 children die every day in the United States because of gun
violence, according to Justice Department statistics.


* LIMA, Ohio--A house fire killed a 33-year-old woman, her two teenagers and two
of her fiance's children. The fiance, Rodney Bunley, leaped to safety from an
upstairs window. Firefighters said one of the teenagers discovered the blaze
Wednesday night and alerted Bunley, who awakened the others and told them to go
to the window as smoke poured into the bedrooms.


* SAN FRANCISCO--A federal judge ordered a two-week delay in the Hearst Corp.'s
planned purchase of the San Francisco Chronicle, slamming the brakes on the $
660 million deal just as it was approved by the Justice Department. U.S.
District Judge Vaughn Walker, granting a request lodged by a Hearst critic who
says the deal will establish a newspaper monopoly, issued an order blocking the
sale until an April 13 hearing on the antitrust implications of the case.


LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post

                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 16, 2010 Friday

USA: Grant Thornton LLP partner tackles corruption and fraud in newly released
book

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: BANGALORE


BANGALORE, April 16 -- The Anti-Corruption Handbook: How to Protect Your
Business in the Global Marketplace" offers common sense approaches for companies
to detect and deter corruption, according to a press release issued here.

Business corruption in the global marketplace is becoming an increasing menace
to U.S. organizations. In a newly released book, The Anti-Corruption Handbook:
How to Protect Your Business in the Global Marketplace, author William P. Olsen,
principal in the Advisory Services practice and National Practice leader of
Investigations at Grant Thornton LLP, provides hands-on experiences on the front
line of the battle against corruption.

A direct guide to anti-corruption, the book explores the risk of doing business
in the global marketplace and the precautions companies and organizations can
take to deter corruption. Written for CFOs, internal auditors, compliance
offices, and forensic accountants, the book shows readers how to take proactive
steps to detect and deter this activity through strong governance and oversight
programs.

"William Olsen's new book is both practical and comprehensive on navigating the
minefield that exists in doing business in other countries," says Tim Pearson,
associate professor of Accounting at West Virginia University. "Avoiding being
caught up in corruption or fraud is not easy. Bill's book provides us all with
common sense and needed guidance."

William Olsen, CFE, CGFM, CIA, provides anti-corruption consulting services to
clients around the world, performing numerous investigations involving money
laundering and organized crime and corruption. He has also consulted numerous
organizations in developing policies, controls and procedures to assure
compliance with government regulations. Olsen is the author of white papers,
articles, and is a speaker at major accounting conferences. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 20, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Md. Senator Accused of Corruption, Fraud

BYLINE: Eric Rich, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 1351 words


Former Maryland state senator Thomas L. Bromwell, once one of the most powerful
figures in Annapolis, was indicted on federal corruption and fraud charges
yesterday, accused of wielding his influence to benefit a prominent builder in
exchange for concealed payments and other favors.

A grand jury named the Baltimore Democrat, who left the Senate in 2002 to head a
state agency, and his wife, Mary Pat, along with W. David Stoffregen, a former
president and chief executive of the construction company Poole and Kent, in a
30-count racketeering indictment that alleges a six-year conspiracy ending in
2004.

Bromwell's attorneys maintained the couple's innocence yesterday.

The long-expected indictment outlines one of the most wide-ranging public
corruption cases in Maryland in many years. Its claims of bribery and extortion
recall the culture of cozy relationships and compromised ethics that made the
state synonymous with political corruption in the 1960s and 1970s.

At the center is Bromwell, 56, a former tavern owner elected to the Senate in
1983. He rose to the powerful position of Finance Committee chairman and staged
a daring but failed campaign to dislodge the Senate's longtime president, Thomas
V. Mike Miller Jr. (D-Calvert), in the final days of 2000.

According to the indictment, Bromwell's ability to deliver favors to Poole and
Kent was considered so valuable that Stoffregen persuaded him to abandon his
announced plans to retire from the Senate shortly before the coup attempt.
Bromwell remained in the legislature at Stoffregen's request and, in exchange,
received $192,923 disguised as salary paid to his wife for a no-show job, the
indictment says.

Bromwell's attorneys  said that a "Republican-controlled Department of Justice"
was determined to indict him, regardless of the case's merits. "Tommy Bromwell
is a proud and honest public servant and feels certain that he and his wife will
ultimately be exonerated," attorneys Robert B. Schulman and Joshua R. Treem said
in a statement.

U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein said the indictment alleges "a serious abuse of
public office for private financial gain." He dismissed the notion that the
investigation was politically motivated. "I'm satisfied the investigation would
have been conducted in the same way regardless of Bromwell's political
affiliation," Rosenstein said.

Two other construction industry executives linked to the probe  --  Michael C.
Forti, a former executive with Poole and Kent, and his wife, Geraldine E. Forti,
owner of the company Namco Services Corp.  --  have pleaded guilty and agreed to
cooperate with authorities. It was Michael Forti who introduced Bromwell to
Stoffregen in 1996, the indictment says.

Their relationship grew, it says, and Bromwell began using his power to pressure
and influence people inside and outside government in ways that benefited Poole
and Kent.

In 1999, it says, Bromwell helped Poole and Kent win a $9.7 million contract on
a hotel being built at Baltimore's Inner Harbor by developer and political
financier John Paterakis Sr. That contract had been awarded to another firm, a
lower bidder, the indictment says.

The next year, it says, he intervened with officials at the University of
Maryland Medical System, an institution whose financing he influenced. Bromwell
pressured "high-ranking" officials there to give Poole and Kent a $13 million
subcontract on a hospital construction project in Baltimore, the indictment
says. In that case also, another company consistently made lower bids, it says.

In exchange for Bromwell's willingness to deliver such favors, the indictment
says, Stoffregen arranged for Bromwell to receive payments disguised as salary
for his wife at Namco, which was secretly controlled by Poole and Kent. Poole
and Kent also performed free or discounted construction work worth $85,000 at
Bromwell's residence, the indictment says.

In addition, it says, Poole and Kent awarded a $1.3 million subcontract for the
state's Juvenile Justice Center to the now-defunct firm Network Technologies
Group, which was paying Bromwell an annual salary of $80,000 to use his
influence to help the firm get work.

According to the indictment, after Geraldine Forti stopped working at Namco in
1999, Stoffregen paid her a salary to allow Poole and Kent to use Namco as a
front to appear to satisfy minority participation requirements on construction
jobs.

Mary Pat Bromwell's salary was also drawn from Namco, the indictment says. Once,
to deceive officials who were conducting an on-site inspection to verify Namco's
status as a woman-owned business, she posed as the bogus company's chief
operating officer, it says.

Poole and Kent said in a statement that Stoffregen resigned in March at the
company's request. It said it was cooperating with the government's
investigation.

Stoffregen's attorney, Barry Levine, did not return calls seeking comment on the
charges.

The charges bring a measure of clarity to rampant speculation in Annapolis,
where it has been known for three years that one of the legislature's most
colorful figures has been under investigation.

Well over 6 feet tall, loud as a carnival barker and always flamboyantly attired
in colorful suits and cowboy boots, Bromwell spent 23 years in the legislature
building a broad base of power and using it freely to advance causes, from
funding cancer research to passing electricity deregulation.

He often hearkened back to his blue-collar roots, holding forth on the Senate
floor in a thick Baltimore drawl as he tried to persuade his colleagues to look
out for the working man.

In one memorable scene in 2000, Bromwell lit into then-Sen. Walter M. Baker
(D-Cecil) over his promise to retaliate against supporters of a bill intended to
protect people from unscrupulous lawyers. Bromwell rose angrily from his seat,
according to news accounts. Leaving his desk, Bromwell pointed his index finger
at his fellow Democrat and yelled, "Stop being a bully! Stop being a bully! And
stop threatening senators!"

After appeals for civility, Bromwell and Baker appeared to make up. Asked what
the fuss was all about, Bromwell replied, "Testosterone."

Bromwell was also known to have a soft side, such as when he came to the aid of
a cancer charity that needed help saving a bill that would direct state money
for breast cancer screening. "That bill was dead until we went to him," said
lobbyist Eric Gally. "Today there are underprivileged women in Maryland getting
mammograms, and his support was the single most important reason."

But what really made Bromwell a force in the Senate was his instinctive ability
to figure out just what it would take to sway another lawmaker, former
colleagues said. He also was a risk-taker. In December 2000, Bromwell tried to
overthrow Miller by organizing an unexpected coalition of Republican and African
American lawmakers behind him. He failed, but he emerged still at the helm of
his committee  --  a feat that was widely seen as a testament to his political
acumen and his survival skills.

Miller said yesterday that he was "in a state of shock" about the indictment.
"Speaking on behalf of the Senate, we hope this matter is resolved expeditiously
and as favorably to the Bromwells as it possibly can be," Miller said.

Authorities moved yesterday to seize Bromwell's assets and freeze his accounts.

Toward the end of his Senate term, Bromwell was handling large sums of cash, the
indictment says. He once gave an associate $20,000 in cash to avoid paying
taxes, it says.

In 2002, when he finally  left the Senate, Bromwell took a job as head of the
state's Injured Workers' Insurance Fund, a position to which he was appointed by
then-Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D). Glendening could not be reached yesterday.

Two years earlier, when Bromwell announced that he would not let go of the reins
of power to take the sedate but more lucrative insurance job, he said he
expected his work in the Senate to be more satisfying.

"You know," he said at the time, "money isn't everything."

Staff writer Matthew Mosk contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 2, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

O'ROURKE IS LOW KEY IN QUEENS VISIT

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 36, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 554 words


Outside the neo-classical Queens Borough Hall, where Donald R. Manes presided as
Borough President for 14 years, Andrew P. O'Rourke, the Republican candidate for
governor, focused yesterday on corruption and called for a Republican victory
Tuesday to assure honesty through a strong, two-party system.

Mr. Manes committed suicide last March as the city corruption scandal widened to
implicate him. Since then, a number of former city officials and political
associates of Mr. Manes have been indicted.

On a two-hour swing through Governor Cuomo's home borough, Mr. O'Rourke, who has
been told by some advisers to stress the corruption issue more, did not try to
link his opponent to the scandal. Instead, he spoke about corruption in general.


'Strong Two-Party System'

''There have been a lot of allegations of corruption in Queens,'' he said, ''and
I believe many politicians in the city have quit serving the people and have
been serving themselves.''

He added, ''The best way to keep people honest is to have a strong two-party
system.''

In the past, Mr. O'Rourke had suggested that Governor Cuomo should have known
about suspected corruption in Queens. At a gentlemanly debate with the Governor
Thursday, however, both backed off from previous criticism of the other's
integrity.

The closest thing to hard-hitting rhetoric yesterday occurred when Mr. O'Rourke,
dressed in a conservative blue suit, climbed atop a street sweeper parked in Kew
Gardens and said, ''Let's clean up Queens.'' He smiled. Later, in an interview,
he explained that ''the point I was making was not to pick on dead or living
politicians but that the city needs a two-party system.''

The Republican candidate for borough president, Estelle Cooper, had arranged to
use the sweeper in a 16-vehicle motorcade through Queens neighborhoods as a
symbolic statement in her campaign against the incumbent, Claire Shulman, who
served as deputy borough president under Mr. Manes.

Polls show Mr. O'Rourke trailing Mr. Cuomo badly. But Mr. O'Rourke, saying
''people are tired of seeing Democrats running and ruining the city,'' predicted
a low turnout, which he said would benefit him and other Republican candidates
in Queens - where Democrats outnumber Republicans 5 to 1 - and elsewhere.

As he shook hands at Continental Avenue and Austin Street in Forest Hills, a
shopper, Kathy Bergen of Fresh Meadows, Queens, greeted him, saying, ''You've
got my vote. I'm a registered Republican.'' ''Just talk it up,'' he said.
''There's been so much going on,'' Ms. Bergen said. ''We need a change at this
particular time. We've had Democrats so long.''

Earlier, at Borough Hall, he was greeted by a score of party faithful and 10
sign-carrying, anti-O'Rourke demonstrators. They denied they were supporters of
Mrs. Shulman or Mr. Cuomo, saying they had heard that Mr. O'Rourke, the
Westchester County Executive, was going to say ''bad things about Queens.''

He greeted them with smiles, saying it was nice of them to come out in the
spirit of the two-party system.

The demonstrators continued to follow him in Forest Hills but then filed into a
coffee shop.

''Where are you folks going?'' he asked cheerfully.

''We need coffee,'' said Lee Arena of Jackson Heights. And some of them shook
his hand and exchanged pleasantries like old friends.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Andrew P. P'Rourke riding a street sweeper (NYT/Keith Meyers)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Washington: Robert F. Lasky Named Special Agent in Charge of Mobile Division

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Director James B. Comey has named Robert F. Lasky special agent in charge of the
FBI's Mobile Division. Mr. Lasky most recently served as special assistant to
the associate deputy director at FBI Headquarters in Washington, D.C.

Mr. Lasky began his career as a special agent with the FBI in August 1998. He
first reported to the San Francisco Division, where he investigated public
corruption and drug matters relating to Mexican Organized crime. In 2000, he
transferred to the U.S. Virgin Islands to investigate international criminal
enterprises and public corruption before transferring to Southern Illinois.

In 2005, Mr. Lasky was promoted to supervisory special agent at FBI Headquarters
in Washington, D.C. in support of the FBI's Gang Criminal Enterprises Program.
He then served as the national program director for the Organized Crime Drug
Enforcement Task Force program.

Mr. Lasky was selected in September 2007 to lead the Birmingham Division's
Gasdsen Resident Agency. While there, he oversaw the creation of a Safe Streets
Task Force.

In October 2009, he returned to FBI Headquarters to assist with the creation of
the Violent Crime and Latin America/Southwest Border Section. He was later
selected as assistant chief of the section before being named acting chief.

He was promoted in January 2012 to assistant special agent in charge of the Salt
Lake City Division's Helena Resident Agency. In this role, he oversaw all FBI
operations in Northern Idaho and Montana.

Mr. Lasky earned a Bachelor of Science in public relations from the University
of Florida and a Juris Doctor from the University of Miami. Prior to joining the
FBI, he was a civil litigation attorney for five years.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday

USA ready to back Uzbekistan in anti-corruption fight - envoy

LENGTH: 227 words


Excerpt from report by Russian internet news agency Regnum, specializing in
regional reporting

The USA is ready to give technical support to Uzbekistan to implement the UN
convention against corruption. US Ambassador to Uzbekistan Richard Norland has
said this at a seminar devoted to "Implementation of the UN convention against
corruption into the national legislation and into practice", a Regnum Novosti
news agency correspondent has said.

[Passage omitted: corruption can damage every country in the world]

Ambassador Norland noted that the opinion of widespread corruption negatively
affects the entire Central Asian region. However, he emphasized that the
measures being taken against corruption in Uzbekistan have started changing the
negative opinion.

The US embassy said that the Tashkent seminar devoted to "Implementation of the
UN convention against corruption into the national legislation and into
practice" celebrated the start of the initiatives of the UN Office on Drugs and
Crime to reveal and fight against corruption in Uzbekistan. Great Britain and
the US Department of State Bureau for International Narcotics and Law
Enforcement Affairs allocated about 300,000 dollars to partially finance the
initiatives.

[Passage omitted: Uzbekistan joined the UN convention against corruption]

Source: Regnum news agency, Moscow, in Russian 1009 gmt 20 May 09

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 8, 2010 Tuesday

Pakistan: PPP hailed Transparency reports in the past

LENGTH: 383  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 08 -- The Pakistan People's Party (PPP), which disowns the
recent report of Transparency International Pakistan on corruption, has been
hailing the efforts of the TIP in the past, the website of PPP USA wing reveals.

The PPP has been accepting the TIP's National Corruption Perception surveys in
the past and has been vowing to facilitate and encourage independent watchdogs
like the TIP, once it is voted into power.

Adviser to the PM on IT Latif Khosa had said the strings of the TIP and other
watchdogs were in the hands of those who didn't want democracy to flourish.
"These watchdogs are defaming the government and are portraying a picture as if
the whole system was corrupt," he said while commenting on the TIP's latest
report on corruption.

Syed Adil Gilani, chairman TIP, told to media that TIP has been issuing
corruption surveys during the dictatorial rule and has been declaring the
dictator corrupt on his face and the PPP has been quoting those surveys and even
Benazir Bhutto had quoted TIP on various occasions.

While the PPP had issued a press release on the TIP's corruption survey in 2006
which is still available on the website of PPP USA wing under the link,
http://www.pppusa.org/Corruption/32.htm, which states: "A PPP spokesperson has
drawn attention to the report by Transparency International, which has claimed
that the present regime is perceived as more corrupt than its democratic or
civilian predecessors.

"In a statement today, spokesman of the party said that despite rating as first
in corruption according to Transparency International, the regime was not facing
a single National Accountability Bureau case. This proved that the NAB was for
political and not for corruption purposes.

"He said that corruption must be eradicated. Transparency International report
highlights the perception of corruption amongst the citizens. Instead of
politicising corruption, the task of arliament and the people should tackle
corruption through setting high moral standards, freedom of information and an
impartial anti corruption watchdog. The PPP pledges to do this when voted into
government Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.
For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

The Prosecutors Under Investigation

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 482 words


Brief biographical sketches of six federal prosecutors under investigation for
mishandling the trial of former senator Ted Stevens of Alaska.

BRENDA MORRIS: A longtime prosecutor with the Justice Department's public
integrity section, Morris now serves as its principal deputy. She helped
supervise the investigation of disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff and has
prosecuted corruption cases nationwide. She teaches corruption investigations
within the Justice Department and is a professor at Georgetown Law School.
Morris, a graduate of Howard University Law School, served as the lead attorney
in the Stevens trial, giving the government's opening statement and
cross-examining the defendant.

NICHOLAS MARSH: One of two public integrity trial attorneys on the case, Marsh
handled much of the courtroom work during the trials of Alaska lawmakers caught
up in the scandal. He has been part of numerous other public corruption
investigations, including a scheme in Mississippi to defraud a $400 billion
fen-phen settlement. An FBI whistleblower accused Marsh of intentionally
withholding evidence from Stevens and sending a witness back to Alaska during
the trial to prevent potentially damaging testimony. The prosecution team denies
those accusations.

JOSEPH W. BOTTINI: An assistant U.S. attorney in Alaska, Bottini was a key
figure in the Stevens case. He questioned the government's star witness, Bill
Allen, and delivered the second half of the government's closing argument. Much
of Allen's testimony had been discredited. The contempt investigation will look
into whether prosecutors knew there was evidence of inconsistencies in Allen's
statements but concealed it. Bottini graduated from California Western School of
Law in San Diego.

WILLIAM WELCH II: The chief of the public integrity section, Welch supervised
the Stevens case but did not participate in the trial. He has supervised every
major public corruption case brought by the department in the past several
years. Welch, a graduate of Northwestern University Law School and a former
prosecutor in Springfield, Mass., prosecuted former veterans hospital nurse
Kristen Gilbert, who was charged with killing four patients by injecting them
with a heart stimulant. He has been mentioned as a possible candidate for the
U.S. attorney job in Massachusetts.

EDWARD SULLIVAN: The other public integrity trial attorney in the case, Sullivan
has been part of the trial team that won convictions of several Alaska lawmakers
caught up in the corruption scandal. But he played a mostly behind-the-scenes
role in the Stevens trial and his role in preparing the mishandling of evidence
is unclear.

JAMES GOEKE: An assistant U.S. attorney in Alaska, Goeke also had a largely
behind-the-scenes role in the Stevens trial. He has been a key figure in the
prosecution of other politicians wrapped up in the Alaska corruption scandal.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                   L2 Edition

Governor's arrest could be final nail in Ryan clemency

BYLINE: By Lisa Friedman Miner lminer@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 428 words


Gov. Rod Blagojevich's arrest raised questions about whether Illinois' sitting
governor would wind up behind bars -- and whether his predecessor would be more
likely to stay there.

The corruption charges against Blagojevich could -- and some say should --
complicate the quest for clemency for former Gov. George Ryan.

"It should end it in a nanosecond," said Republican Congressman Mark Kirk. "We
are the most corrupt state in the country, and we are currently being run by a
criminal."

Harold J. Krent, dean of the IIT Chicago-Kent College of Law, said criminal law
is designed in part as a deterrent. Commuting Ryan's 6 1/2-year corruption
sentence after only 13 months, especially in light of the charges against
Blagojevich, could suggest that "we don't take political corruption as seriously
as we should," Krent said.

"There's a risk if you grant clemency to George Ryan now it would be seen by
some as minimizing the extent and depth of corruption that plagues state
government," Krent said.

Attorneys for Ryan have sought clemency from President George Bush, a call
echoed earlier this month by Sen. Dick Durbin. Blagojevich also supports
clemency.

Attempts to get a statement from Durbin Tuesday regarding the Ryan case were
unsuccessful. When asked if Blagojevich's arrest would have an impact on the
Ryan clemency plea, Durbin spokesman Joe Shoemaker said, "I don't know."

U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald called the quest for clemency "a different
matter" than the case against Blagojevich. While Fitzgerald said he would be
willing to express his opinion privately on the issue should White House
officials seek it, he declined to comment publicly.

"It's inappropriate for me ... to express a view," Fitzgerald said.

Ryan's chances for clemency weren't strong to start with, said P.S. Ruckman, an
associate professor of political science at Rock Valley College in Rockford, who
has researched and written extensively about the pardon process.

Blagojevich's arrest has made that even more unlikely, he said.

"This might knock it off the table," Ruckman said.

Ruckman said he had recently begun to think clemency for Ryan, a Republican, was
possible as part of a possible scenario where Bush could commute Ryan's sentence
at the same time he granted clemency for former Gov. Edwin Edwards of Louisiana,
a Democrat who has already served six years for racketeering. Commuting both
men's sentences could be seen as a "balancing act," Ruckman said.

That was before Tuesday's arrest.

"The news story today makes me think that the Ryan thing isn't going to happen,"
Ruckman said.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: George Ryan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

EDITORIAL: 'Rita's Law' should help fight corruption

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 581 words


July 26--When out-of-staters are asked what comes to mind when they think about
Illinois, government corruption is right up there near the top of the list.

Illinoisans would ruefully agree.

And who can blame them?

Illinois' last two governors, George Ryan and Rod Blagojevich, ended up in
prison on corruption charges, and before them, ex-governors Otto Kerner and Dan
Walker did time for their crimes.

Former U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson, D-Chicago, is currently behind bars because of a
corruption conviction.

We can think back to the days of Secretary of State Paul Powell and his
shoeboxes full of cash, or just as recently as 2012, when former Dixon
Comptroller Rita Crundwell's massive municipal theft of nearly $54 million was
uncovered.

The conviction last month of state Rep. Derrick Smith, D-Chicago, for soliciting
a $7,000 bribe didn't make much of a splash in this scandal-scarred state.
Illinoisans are inured to such things.

However, when corruption is quantified in dollars and cents, so you know how
much it's costing individuals, maybe people will sit up and take notice.

Two professors recently performed that service for Illinois and other corruption
-plagued states.

John Mikesell is an Indiana University professor of public and environmental
affairs, while Cheol Liu is an assistant professor of public policy at City
University of Hong Kong.

They studied public corruption cases across America between 1997 and 2008, named
the 10 most corrupt states (Illinois easily made this rogue's gallery), and
calculated what that corruption cost taxpayers per capita.

The "corruption tax," as they dubbed it, came to an average of $1,308 a person
in those states.

So, Illinois has more corruption than the average state, and its residents end
up paying extra tax dollars because of it.

Prosecution of corrupt officials is only one response to the problem.

Prevention is another.

Elected government officials, who are supposed to be watchdogs over the public
purse, have been given a new tool to monitor tax dollars on the local level.

That's because legislation sponsored by state Rep. Tom Demmer, R-Dixon, was
signed into law last week by Gov. Pat Quinn.

The law, inspired by Crundwell's brazen thievery, is designed to give much more
attention to the annual audits of city and county governments.

More copies of audits and financial statements will be given to officials.

Public presentations of audit results will be required, where questions can be
asked of the auditors.

If the governmental entity has a website, the municipality or county board must
post information contained in the financial statements of the audit.

The idea is that, with more people scrutinizing how the public's money is spent,
the likelihood improves that any monkey business going on will be detected.

And maybe, just maybe, the process will deter larceny-minded public money
handlers from helping themselves in the first place.

The new approach to auditing has been dubbed "Rita's Law," which sounds
appropriate to us.

Clearly, the new process is an improvement over the former law, which required
only that audits be completed and placed on file with the state comptroller's
office.

In the future, when Americans are asked their thoughts about Illinois, maybe
government corruption won't place so high on the list. If so, "Rita's Law" might
just deserve some of the credit.

___ (c)2014 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140726-YG-EDITORIAL-Rita-s-Law-should-help-fight-corruption
-0726-20140726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2014 Daily Gazette

                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          February 20, 2013 Wednesday

Afghan president urges USA to avoid granting contracts to officials

LENGTH: 361 words


Text of report by state-owned National Afghanistan TV on 19 February

President Hamed Karzai has received US Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Chairman Robert Bob Menendez. According to the press office of the Presidential
Palace, in the meeting held in the palace this morning the two sides discussed
and exchanged views about strategic cooperation between the two countries, peace
process, fight against corruption and the coming presidential election. The
president said that Afghanistan needed serious and sincere cooperation of the
international community, especially the USA in the fight against administrative
corruption. Hamed Karzai said that the granting contracts to the relatives of
Afghan government officials [by donor countries and organizations] was the major
source of corruption and requested that the USA avoid granting contracts to
them. He added that the giving of contracts to the relatives of government
officials would weaken the government and cause problems for the efforts being
made to curb corruption.

Terming the peace process important for Afghanistan, the president stressed the
need for sincere cooperation of Pakistan, the USA and the rest of the countries
involved in Afghanistan for the success of this important process. Speaking
about next presidential election, President Karzai said that the government of
Afghanistan was committed to holding free, transparent and fair election. The
president once again said that foreign countries must not interfere in the
presidential election of Afghanistan and requested the USA to cooperate in this
area.

Senator Robert Bob Menendez, who was recently appointed US Senate foreign
relations committee chairman, said that he began his first foreign trip from
Afghanistan because of the importance of this country. Pointing to the
successful talks between the Afghan and American presidents in Washington,
Menendez said that the USA would not abandon Afghanistan. He also said that
signing of a security pact between Afghanistan and the USA would benefit both
countries.

[Video shows Karzai meeting Menendez in Kabul]

Source: National Afghanistan TV, Kabul, in Dari and Pashto 1530 gmt 19 Feb 13

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              May 20, 2012 Sunday

22 states join campaign finance fight

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 887 words


HELENA, Mont. (AP) -- Twenty-two states and the District of Columbia are backing
Montana in its fight to prevent the U.S. Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United
decision from being used to strike down state laws restricting corporate
campaign spending.

The states led by New York are asking the high court to preserve Montana's
state-level regulations on corporate political expenditures, according to a copy
of a brief written by New York's attorney general's office and obtained by The
Associated Press. The brief will be publicly released Monday.

The Supreme Court is being asked to reverse a state court's decision to uphold
the Montana law. Virginia-based American Tradition Partnership is asking the
nation's high court to rule without a hearing because the group says the state
law conflicts directly with the Citizens United decision that removed the
federal ban on corporate campaign spending.

The states who filed the brief in support of Montana are New York, Arkansas,
California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky,
Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nevada, New Mexico, North
Carolina, Rhode Island, Utah, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia and the
District of Columbia.

The Supreme Court has blocked the Montana law until it can look at the case.

The Montana case has prompted critics to hope the court will reverse itself on
the controversial Citizens United ruling. The 22 states and D.C. say the Montana
law is sharply different from the federal issues in the Citizens United case, so
the ruling shouldn't apply to Montana's or other state laws regulating corporate
campaign spending.

But the states also said they would support a Supreme Court decision to
reconsider portions of the Citizens United ruling either in a future case or in
the Montana case, if the justices decide to take it on.

Legal observers say don't count on the Supreme Court reconsidering its decision.

"It is highly unlikely that the Court would reverse its decision in Citizens
United," said law professor Richard L. Hasen of the University of
California-Irvine.

At best, the court would listen to arguments and might agree a clarification is
needed to allow the Montana law to stand. But even that is a long shot, Hasen
said.

Montana Attorney General Steve Bullock argues that political corruption in the
Copper King era led to the state ban on corporate campaign spending. A
clarification of Citizens United is needed to make clear that states can block
certain political spending in the interest of limiting corruption, he said.

American Tradition Partnership argues that the state bans unfairly restrict the
ability of corporations to engage in the political process that also affects
them.

Bullock wrote in a brief to be released Monday that the state does not "ban"
corporate political speech, rather, it regulates that speech by requiring the
formation of political action committees.

The Democrat, who is running for governor, said the upstart political
corporations hoping to take advantage of unfettered spending are merely "an
anonymous conduit of unaccountable campaign spending."

Montana and the other states are asking the court to either let the Montana
Supreme Court decision stand or to hold a full hearing. They argue laws like the
one in Montana that bans political spending straight from corporate treasuries
are needed to prevent corruption.

The other states, many with their own type of restrictions hanging in the
balance, argue local restrictions are far different than the federal ban the
court decided unconstitutionally restricted free speech. Further, state
elections are at much greater risk than federal elections of being dominated by
corporate money, requiring tailored regulation, the states' court filing says.

"The federal law struck down in Citizens United applied only to elections for
President and U.S. Congress," New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman wrote
on behalf of the states. "By contrast, Montana's law applies to a wide range of
state and local offices, including judgeships and law enforcement positions such
as sheriff and county prosecutor."

The joining states, unlike Montana, ask the court to go further and reconsider
core findings in Citizens United. They argue, for instance, it was wrong for the
court to say unlimited independent expenditures rarely cause corruption or the
appearance of corruption.

And other critics of the Citizens United decision who believe the court was
wrong to grant corporations constitutional rights, have intervened and asked the
court to reverse itself.

"There is a growing bipartisan consensus that Citizens United needs to be
overturned, and Montana is leading the way," said Peter Schurman, spokesman for
a group called Free Speech For People. "The Supreme Court has an opportunity to
revisit Citizens United here. That is important because there is evidence
everywhere that unlimited spending in our elections creates both corruption and
the appearance for corruption."

On Friday, Montana's case was given a boost when U.S. Sens. John McCain,
R-Ariz., and Sheldon Whitehouse, D-D-R.I., signed on in support. The senators
argue evidence following the Citizens United decision, where millions in
unregulated money has poured into presidential elections, shows that large
independent expenditures can lead to corruption.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 12, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

NOT A JERSEY MONOPOLY

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 130 words


To the Editor:

Robert Curvin's May 24 Editorial Notebook article about corruption in New
Jersery, ''Not America, Just New Jersey,'' was a highly prejudicial comment on
the Garden State.

New Jersey does indeed suffer from a surfeit of political corruption, but New
York, Pennsylvania, Maryland and even bucolic Oklahoma have their share. After
all, it was Tammany Hall, et al., that made New York famous for political
machinery. And let's not overlook the recent indictment of nearly every county
commissioner in the Sooner state.

Corruption may well thrive west of the Hudson, but the title on the article was
most unfair and misleading. Is it really just New Jersey, or is political
corruption an unfortunate way of life?
RICHARD NILES, Hackensack, N.J., May 24, 1982

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

BBC Monitoring quotes from Afghan press 17 Apr 13

LENGTH: 636 words


The following is a selection of quotes from editorials published in 17 April
edition of Dari and Pashto-language Afghan newspapers.

Boston Explosions

Hasht-e Sobh (independent): "Consecutive explosions in Boston city, the capital
of Massachusetts in the USA killed three and injured 150 people. No group or
organization has claimed responsibility for the explosions... The use of terror
and terrorist groups to achieve political goals is an approach which has created
insecurity both in our region and the world... Therefore, the international
community should pay attention to the roots of terrorism in the fight against
it. They should also exert pressure on the countries which support terrorism and
violence as their official policy."

Arman-e Melli (Close to the National Union of Journalists of Afghanistan): "The
attacks, which occurred one after another, took everyone by surprise... Anyway,
this was a terror act and shows that the terrorists, who certainly have links to
Al-Qa'idah, still focus their attention on the USA... We are completely sure
that the bloody incidents which happened during an athletic competition is only
the work of those terrorists whose leaders are in their sanctuaries, meaning in
Pakistan... Americans should understand that how dangerous it can be for them if
they ignore Afghanistan again."

Hewad (state-run): "Hamed Karzai, the president of the Islamic Republic of
Afghanistan, has expressed grief over the killing of civilians in two explosions
in Boston city. Hamed Karzai strongly condemned the attacks and added that the
Afghans, who have fallen victims to such attacks for years now, can better
understand the pain and suffering caused by such attacks... Afghans want the
international community led by the USA [to continue the war] against terrorism
and in their main bases effectively in such a way that this phenomenon is
annihilated completely... Unfortunately, the international community has not
succeeded in the war against terrorism over the past 11 years and has been
continuing the war in Afghan villages instead of terrorists' main bases. Also,
they have not yet destroyed terrorists' main bases and their supporters."

Administrative corruption

The Daily Afghanistan (private): "Every person and individual in the country
should think about this issue that how they can have a role in administrative
corruption, continuation of administrative corruption and the fight against
corruption and what they can do to address the problem of administrative
corruption, not only in remarks and slogan, but also in practice."

Pakistani border gates

Weesa (private and pro-government): "Pakistan has agreed to destroy new gates in
Goshta [District of Nangarhar Province], but better and more important news is
that the Afghan government will pay more attention to reconstruction in border
areas... We accept that the continuation of insecurity along the [Durand] Line
has also created this opportunity for Pakistan to advance into Afghanistan, but
if the government had taken drastic measures for reconstruction and development
in border areas with a good plan, it would have also proved effective in
controlling insecurity. We believe that Pakistan would have never dared to
advance [into Afghanistan] if it had not seen those remote areas unsupervised."

Sarnawesht (private): "Pakistani structures on the Durand Line do not mean that
Pakistan wants the Durand Line [as the official border between Afghanistan and
Pakistan] now and they know that they cannot achieve this goal now. But
Pakistan's major goal is that the Durand Line should be accepted as an official
border in the public opinion...Therefore, the Afghan government should make
long-term plans for people especially for Afghans on both sides of the border
and pay attention to them from all aspects."

Sources as listed

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 30, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Mayoral Commission Offers Qualified Praise on Police Anti-Corruption Drive

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 26;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 702 words


A mayoral commission praised "significant improvements" in the New York City
Police Department's anti-corruption efforts yesterday but said there still were
important deficiencies, including the lack of a mechanism to hold commanders
accountable in fighting corruption.

While generally praising the efforts of a strengthened Internal Affairs Bureau
under Chief Patrick E. Kelleher in the last year, the report criticized the
Action Desk, the central conduit for allegations of corruption from the public
and police officers. The desk, which receives hundreds of complaints each day,
needs improved supervision, staffing, training and record keeping, the report
said.

The report of the Commission to Combat Police Corruption, created a year ago by
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, was issued yesterday at a City Hall news conference
during a tense day in which the management team put together by the departing
Police Commissioner, William J. Bratton, was facing an uncertain future.

Neither Mr. Bratton nor his successor, Howard Safir, the former Fire
Commissioner, attended the news conference yesterday. Although little was said
about Mr. Bratton's role in the department's anti-corruption strategy, Chief
Kelleher, who was present, was singled out for praise by Nicholas Scoppetta, the
chairman of the commission.

Holding commanders accountable for the integrity of their officers was the
cornerstone of the anti-corruption strategy announced by the Mayor and Mr.
Bratton last June. Responsibility for policing the department formerly rested
with the internal affairs apparatus, which kept precinct commanders and other
mid-level managers in the dark about investigations in their commands.

The Mollen Commission, which investigated police corruption in the early 1990's,
found that many senior officers feared that scandal in their commands would end
their careers and thus failed to take action.

But under a policy of "inclusion" established by Mr. Bratton, precinct
commanders have been encouraged to investigate their own commands and, despite
the danger of leaks, have in recent months begun receiving intelligence reports
from Internal Affairs, the report said.

But it said the Police Department had not done enough to make true command
accountability "a fully functioning reality."

Specifically, the mayoral commission called for the creation of a "command
accountability review unit," as recommended by the Mollen Commission, to
identify supervisors who know or should have known about corruption and failed
to do enough to prevent and expose it.

Thomas A. Reppetto, president of the Citizens Crime Commission, an independent
group that monitors the criminal justice system, said yesterday that although
the report indicated that the department had made progress, creating such a
command accountability review unit had to be an immediate priority.

An audit of the Action Desk by the mayoral commission "revealed an uneven"
handling of calls, with some investigators showing diligence and others being
"curt and even hostile." Sometimes the callers hung up in anger. Logs of the
calls were not always complete.

Mayor Giuliani created the commission in February 1995 in response to a
recommendation by the Mollen Commission for a permanent independent monitor of
police corruption. Skeptics called it a paper tiger, independent in name only
and answerable to the Mayor. The City Council also created a board to monitor
the department's anti-corruption system, but Mr. Giuliani's prevailed after a
court fight.

Yesterday, the Council Speaker, Peter F. Vallone, criticized the report, saying,
"If you're looking for an independent investigation of police corruption, you
won't find it in this report of future reports, as the commission has to get the
Mayor's sign-off."

But it got a good reception from Daniel Castleman, head of investigations for
the Manhattan District Attorney's office, who called it "a pretty good analysis"
of problems the department still faces, such as strengthening command
accountability and the Action Desk.

"It should relieve concerns that this commission was going to be nothing but a
captive of the Police Department and the Mayor," Mr. Castleman said.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Lorenzo Aguilar pleads guilty to charge in El Paso public corruption case

BYLINE: Adriana M. Chavez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


Sept. 05--Local architect Lorenzo Hilario Aguilar pleaded guilty this morning to
a public corruption charge, two days after his co-defendant, former El Paso
County Judge Anthony Cobos, also pleaded guilty.

Aguilar pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and the
deprivation of honest services before U.S. District Judge Frank Montalvo as part
of a plea agreement with federal prosecutors. Montalvo said during this
morning's hearing that he intends to honor the government's recommended sentence
of 48 months, or four years, in prison.

Cobos pleaded guilty to the same charge on Tuesday. He too is expected to be
sentenced to four years in prison.

Montalvo asked prosecutors to determine a restitution amount to be paid to El

Paso County by Aguilar, Cobos and four others who have also pleaded guilty to
public corruption charges.

Federal prosecutors have said those involved included Cobos, Aguilar, former
city Rep. Raymond Telles, El Paso lobbyist and political consultant Antonio
"Tony" Dill and former Bear Stearns representatives Roberto "Bobby" Ruiz and
Chris Pak. Prosecutors had accused them of agreeing to participate in a scheme
to fraudulently award a contract to Bear Stearns, a New York-based financial
services firm, while the county was accepting bids from financial service
companies as they competed for a role in refinancing $40 million in county debt.

During this morning's hearing, Montalvo scheduled a Nov. 27 sentencing date for
Aguilar, Telles,

Dill, Ruiz and Pak. Cobos is also scheduled to be sentenced on that day, the day
before Thanksgiving.

Former Cobos chief of staff Travis Ketner, who was also involved in the scheme,
pleaded guilty in 2007 to public corruption, but his sentence has been sealed.
Ketner is currently practicing law in San Antonio.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130905-EY-Lorenzo-Aguilar-pleads-guilty-to-charge-in-El-Paso-public-
corruption-case-0905-20130905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: Solomons Judge Calls For Independent Corruption Commission

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

High Court Judge Stephen Pallaras says Solomon Islands urgently needs an
independent Commission to address the corruption pervading the country.

Justice Pallaras, who has been vocal about issues affecting the country, told
SIBC News today corruption is affecting every aspect of life in Solomon Islands.

He says the country urgently needs an independent Commission to address the
issue.

"There are corrupt politicians, there are corrupt businessmen, there are corrupt
Police officers. There are allegations of corruption within the judiciary. Every
aspect of life is tainted by corruption here. And why nobody has yet formed an
ICAC, an independent Commission Against Corruption, independent of Government to
root out the corruption that exists here almost universally, is beyond me."

Justice Pallaras, known as a terror in the Courtrooms of the High Court, will be
leaving the country soon to return home to Australia.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: Solomons Judge Calls For Independent Corruption Commission

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

High Court Judge Stephen Pallaras says Solomon Islands urgently needs an
independent Commission to address the corruption pervading the country.

Justice Pallaras, who has been vocal about issues affecting the country, told
SIBC News today corruption is affecting every aspect of life in Solomon Islands.

He says the country urgently needs an independent Commission to address the
issue.

"There are corrupt politicians, there are corrupt businessmen, there are corrupt
Police officers. There are allegations of corruption within the judiciary. Every
aspect of life is tainted by corruption here. And why nobody has yet formed an
ICAC, an independent Commission Against Corruption, independent of Government to
root out the corruption that exists here almost universally, is beyond me."

Justice Pallaras, known as a terror in the Courtrooms of the High Court, will be
leaving the country soon to return home to Australia.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

EDITORIAL: Lessons from Illinois

BYLINE: The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 507 words


July 01--Sadly, the conviction of Rod Blagojevich, the former governor of
Illinois, of trying to sell his appointment of a replacement for then-U.S. Sen.
Barack Obama is a continuation of embarrassments for that state. And sadder
still, this conviction has no better chance of serving as a warning than others
have in the past.

Cook County, the most powerful county in the state, itself has been a "dark pool
of political corruption" for more than a century, according to a study by the
University of Illinois at Chicago. Since 1957, nearly 150 employees, politicians
and contractors have been convicted on corruption charges, the report states.
And those are the ones who got caught. In the last 36 years, 31 sitting or
former Chicago aldermen also have been convicted of corruption or other crimes,
according to the report.

Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels joked that Indiana may want to formally establish an
"Illinois Governor's Wing" at the federal prison in Terre Haute, Ind., where
former Illinois Gov. George Ryan is serving his sentence for racketeering and
other crimes. Other Illinois governors who served time include Otto Kerner and
Daniel Walker -- Kerner for bribery, conspiracy and perjury, and Walker for
improprieties involving fraudulent loans he received for his business and yacht.

In fact, one of the defense arguments was that Blagojevich was merely doing what
politicians do all the time in Illinois, throwing elbows around in that rough
and tumble world to get what you want. That's another sad indictment of the
situation in Illinois. Hey, it's just politics as usual.

Efforts have been made to legislate reform in Illinois, but meaningful
restrictions like party leadership donations to candidates never got much
traction.

A former federal prosecutor, Patrick Collins, told the New York Times: "I don't
think you can indict your way to reform. There is still a structural ethics
deficit in Illinois that won't be cured by indictment or legislation.
Ultimately, the long-term solution for Illinois is a more engaged public who
steps up and demands better government before the next scandal develops."

Illinois Times columnist James Krohe Jr. wrote:  "Voters are guilty of apathy,
ignorance, scandal fatigue and an insensitivity to manipulation that rivals that
of a corpse on the embalmer's table." When we don't hold our candidates
accountable, when we ignorantly follow those people who say things we want to
hear without question, we allow poor leadership to happen and that's our own
fault.

Without vigilance, anything can happen and anyone can get into office. In the
end, the people of Illinois -- or any other state for the matter -- end up with
the type of government it deserves.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mankatofreepress.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Free Press, Mankato,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110701-FP-EDITORIAL-Lessons-from-Illinois-20110701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2011 The Free Press

                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Supreme Court Vacates Ex-Virginia Governor's Graft Conviction

BYLINE: By ADAM LIPTAK; Sheryl Gay Stolberg contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1197 words


WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court on Monday made it harder to prosecute public
officials for corruption, unanimously overturning the conviction of Bob
McDonnell, a former governor of Virginia.

Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr., writing for the court, narrowed the
definition of what sort of conduct can serve as the basis of a corruption
prosecution. He said only formal and concrete government actions counted --
filing a lawsuit, say, or making an administrative determination. Routine
political courtesies like arranging meetings or urging underlings to consider a
matter, he added, generally do not, even when the people seeking those favors
give the public officials gifts or money.

That still leaves prosecutors plenty of room to pursue classic bribery and
kickbacks. But there was widespread agreement among prosecutors and defense
lawyers on Monday that the decision would make it harder for the government to
prove corruption.

The alternative to the new limits, Chief Justice Roberts wrote, would be to
criminalize routine political behavior. ''Conscientious public officials arrange
meetings for constituents, contact other officials on their behalf and include
them in events all the time,'' he wrote.

The Supreme Court returned Mr. McDonnell's case to an appeals court for an
assessment of whether prosecutors had presented evidence to satisfy the narrow
definition of corruption announced Monday. If so, prosecutors may seek to retry
Mr. McDonnell, but under the stricter standard.

In a statement, Mr. McDonnell said that he was innocent and that he expected to
be vindicated.

''I have not, and would not, betray the sacred trust the people of Virginia
bestowed upon me during 22 years in elected office,'' Mr. McDonnell said. ''It
is my hope that this matter will soon be over and that my family and I can begin
to rebuild our lives.''

An appeal by his wife, Maureen, who was also convicted in the case, was put on
hold while the court heard his case. Her conviction is likely to be thrown out
now.

Mr. McDonnell, a Republican who served from 2010 to 2014, was charged with using
his office to help Jonnie R. Williams Sr., who had provided the McDonnells with
luxury products, loans and vacations worth more than $175,000 when Mr. McDonnell
was governor. The gifts themselves were legal, and the question in the case was
whether they were part of a corrupt bargain in which Mr. McDonnell reciprocated
by using his office to help Mr. Williams.

Mr. McDonnell arranged meetings for and attended events with his benefactor. But
Mr. Williams, whose company made a diet supplement, did not have any real
success in obtaining support from the state for his product. A jury found that
Mr. McDonnell's actions amounted to corruption, and a federal appeals court
upheld the conviction.

Last year, the Supreme Court allowed Mr. McDonnell to stay out of prison while
it considered whether to hear his case, McDonnell v. United States, No. 15-474.
That unusual order was a powerful hint that the court might rule in his favor.

The hint proved right, though Chief Justice Roberts stopped well short of
endorsing Mr. McDonnell's actions.

''There is no doubt that this case is distasteful; it may be worse than that,''
he wrote. ''But our concern is not with tawdry tales of Ferraris, Rolexes and
ball gowns. It is instead with the broader legal implications of the
government's boundless interpretation of the federal bribery statute. A more
limited interpretation of the term 'official act' leaves ample room for
prosecuting corruption, while comporting with the text of the statute and the
precedent of this court.''

In their briefs to the Supreme Court, Mr. McDonnell's lawyers relied on the
Citizens United decision in 2010, in which the Supreme Court said that
''ingratiation and access'' were ''not corruption.'' That year, the court ruled
in favor of a former Enron executive, Jeffrey K. Skilling, saying that a federal
anticorruption law governing ''honest services'' applied only to bribes and
kickbacks.

Chief Justice Roberts's opinion did not address Citizens United or the First
Amendment argument on which it was based. But he did say proof of something akin
to bribery was required in corruption prosecutions.

''Of course,'' he added, ''this is not to say that setting up a meeting, hosting
an event or making a phone call is always an innocent act, or is irrelevant, in
cases like this one. If an official sets up a meeting, hosts an event, or makes
a phone call on a question or matter that is or could be pending before another
official, that could serve as evidence of an agreement to take an official
act.''

''A jury could conclude, for example, that the official was attempting to
pressure or advise another official on a pending matter,'' Chief Justice Roberts
wrote. ''And if the official agreed to exert that pressure or give that advice
in exchange for a thing of value, that would be illegal.''

Mr. McDonnell's successor, Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat who is facing a
federal investigation involving campaign donations from a Chinese donor, issued
a benign statement saying Mr. McDonnell and his family had ''remained in my
thoughts and prayers,'' and noting that the former governor had ''made mistakes
and has apologized.'' He said he hoped the ruling would signal ''the beginning
of the end of this difficult process for our Commonwealth.''

But Anna Scholl, the executive director of Progress Virginia, a progressive
advocacy group, said she was disappointed with the decision, ''which essentially
gives elected officials a blank check to trade gifts for access and 'unofficial'
favors.'' She said Mr. McDonnell ''disgraced Virginia and the office he held,
and Virginians should be outraged he has still not been held responsible.''

Mr. McDonnell had been a popular governor, but after his trial turned into the
''tawdry tale'' Chief Justice Roberts described, the public turned against him.
Polls showed most Virginians thought he was guilty -- and the jury's decision
reflected that, according to Bob Holsworth, a longtime political analyst in
Richmond.

''My sense was the jury's decision had almost nothing to do with the judge's
instructions,'' he said. ''The jury's decision was related to their revulsion at
political figures being showered with gifts and loans on terms they couldn't
possibly have for themselves.''

At the same time, officials in the state -- both Democrats and Republicans --
felt some sympathy for Mr. McDonnell because Virginia had no laws then barring
what he did. (In 2015, after his conviction, lawmakers imposed a $100 limit on
gifts from lobbyists.) Hundreds of people -- neighbors, friends, clergy and
elected officials including Senator Tim Kaine, a Democrat -- wrote letters to
the judge who sentenced Mr. McDonnell, asking for mercy.

''The McDonnell case was like a lightning bolt to the political class,'' Mr.
Holsworth said. ''A lot of legislators were thinking, 'My goodness, there but
for the grace of God go I.'''

Follow The New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.

Follow Adam Liptak on Twitter @adamliptak.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/28/us/politics/supreme-court-bob-mcdonnell-virgin
ia.html

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: PHOTOS (A1)
Bob McDonnell, right, a former Virginia governor, outside the Supreme Court in
April. His conviction was overturned on Monday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DREW ANGERER FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A14) CHART: The Supreme Court Drifts to the Left: Based on
the ''Martin-Quinn'' scores, which use voting patterns to estimate ideology.
(Source: Analysis by Lee Epstein, Washington University in St. Louis
Andrew D. Martin, University of Michigan
 and Kevin Quinn, University of California, Berkeley, using the Supreme Court
Database.) (CHART BY ALICIA PARLAPIANO/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company

                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Tehran Friday Imam calls for united action against corruption in Iran

LENGTH: 405 words


At 0837 gmt on 12 December, Tehran's hard-line Interim Friday Prayer Leader
Ayatollah Ahmad Khatami started Friday prayer sermons in Tehran's Imam Khomeyni
Mausoleum. Two state-owned radio stations, Radio Tehran and Radio Ma'aref,
broadcast the sermons live.

The cleric dedicated his first sermon to religious issues and spoke about the
importance of establishing friendly relations among Muslims.

Khatami ended the first sermon at 0858 gmt and immediately started the second
sermon.

In the second sermon, the hard-line cleric spoke about the high number of Shi'i
pilgrims attending the Arba'in mourning ceremonies in the holly city of Karbala
in Iraq and termed it as a "war-game against Takfiris [Islamist extremists]".

Khatami focused on corruption issue in the country and praised those who aim to
fight corruption. He called for a firm plan to tackle the corruption problem and
said "nothing will be solved with conferences, analysis and finding faults. A
solution to the problem is advance planning".

Urging people and officials not to exaggerate the issue of corruption, he called
on all government officials to be united in fighting corruption.

"This is a national issue. It is not limited to only one branch [of the
government]. Three branches [of the government], the executive, the legislature
and the judiciary should really be united," the cleric said.

The cleric described effective supervision over the organizations as a solution
to preventing corruption, adding that "they should be firm in fighting
corruption and corrupt people. No corrupt person should feel secure, this is
very important".

Then he spoke about the role of universities in governing the country and said
that students should be involved in political activities but they should not let
universities to turn into political clubs.

He went on to speak about "sedition" [with reference to the 2009 post election
unrest] and accused the USA and UK of involvement in 2009 protests.

"Who does not know the US and UK were the foreign heads of the sedition?" he
said.

He urged supporters of the opposition leaders - Musavi and Karubi - now under
house arrest, to stop backing them.

The cleric then spoke about human rights situation in the USA and said that
"today the USA is a big scene of violation of human rights". He ended the
sermons with prayers at 0923gmt.

Source: Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran - local radio service, Tehran, in
Persian 0837 gmt 12 Dec 14

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                            October 20, 2003 Monday

Burkenroad Symposium focuses on corruption

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


"Public Corruption and Private Enterprise" is the theme of the Oct. 24
Burkenroad Symposium on Business and Society. The symposium will take place from
9 to 10:30 a.m. at Tulane University's Dixon Hall.

Mayor C. Ray Nagin will open the event and discuss the anti-corruption sweep he
launched last year at City Hall.

Other speakers include: Noel L. Hillman, chief corruption prosecutor in the U.S.
Justice Department whose jurisdiction includes Louisiana; Tyler Bridges, author
of "Bad Bet on the Bayou: The Rise of Gambling in Louisiana and the Fall of
Governor Edwin Edwards," and a reporter for the Miami Herald; and international
corruption expert Daniel Kaufmann, director of the World Bank Institute's
Governance Team.

Now in its 13th year, the institute aims to educate managers on ethical dilemmas
in business.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              July 6, 1992, Monday

FBI not allowed its usual role in local BCCI probe Grand jury investigation here
appears stalled, observers say

BYLINE: By Peter Mantius STAFF WRITERbanking; finances; investigations; courts;
crime; personalities; Georgia; services; budgets

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 1

LENGTH: 1314 words


The former head of the FBI in Atlanta said federal prosecutors stripped him of
his usual authority in a grand jury probe of Georgia political corruption
involving the Bank of Credit and Commerce International.

"It was never in the hands of the FBI to exercise its normal investigative
prerogatives," said William L. Hinshaw II.

Mr. Hinshaw, 50, served as head of the FBI in Atlanta from 1989 through April,
when he retired and became inspector general of the Tennessee Valley Authority.

His statements come amid the growing perception that the Atlanta grand jury
probe of BCCI has stalled. Grand juries in at least seven cities are
investigating aspects of the case.

Founded in 1972, BCCI expanded into about 70 countries and aspired to become the
largest bank in the Third World. Chartered in Luxembourg, it was run by
Pakistanis from headquarters in London.

Regulators worldwide seized the bank a year ago Sunday. In January, BCCI's
liquidators pleaded guilty on behalf of the bank to charges of racketeering,
fraud and laundering of drug money on a huge international scale. They also
agreed to forfeit BCCI's U.S. assets, estimated at $ 550 million.

Jack Blum, a Washington lawyer credited with exposing BCCI as the biggest
scandal in banking history, and several congressional investigators say they are
surprised that the Atlanta grand jury hasn't returned indictments.

"I don't get it," Mr. Blum said last week. "Atlanta and the Georgia
Legislature's role should have been a major focus."

Although the grand jury last December interviewed a number of prominent Georgia
officials, including Gov. Zell Miller and House Speaker Tom Murphy, none is
expected to be charged.

The FBI's dilemma

In an arrangement he called "extremely atypical," Mr. Hinshaw said prosecutors,
not the FBI, determined the investigative strategy in the BCCI case. That meant
the FBI had to agree to actions that it felt would hurt the case, Mr. Hinshaw
said.

For example, shortly after the BCCI scandal broke last summer and before the FBI
had completed its investigation, the prosecutors decided to interview Charlie
Jones, a Hinesville lawyer who accepted $ 1.3 million in "lobbying fees" to help
BCCI amend Georgia's banking law.

Mr. Hinshaw said he voiced his opposition and refused to send an FBI agent to
the interview, but he later backed off and went along at the direction of U.S.
Attorney Joe Whitley.

"I had questions about whether we should interview Charlie Jones with his
counsel at first before we had the facts to round out the case," Mr. Hinshaw
said. "You don't start out by interviewing your chief witness."

Mr. Hinshaw said he respects Mr. Whitley and does not view the decision to
restrict the FBI as "an integrity issue." Rather, he said, it was a legitimate
difference of opinion "like two mechanics might have over how to fix a car."

Later, in October, Mr. Jones asked for and obtained a letter from Mr. Whitley
stating that Mr. Jones is not a target of the probe. Mr. Hinshaw said he wasn't
aware of the letter.

When queried last week about the progress of the BCCI investigation, Mr. Whitley
would not discuss Mr. Hinshaw's comments or how witnesses in the investigation
were handled.

Mr. Whitley said he had decided to replace the lead Atlanta prosecutor in the
case, Gale McKenzie, so that she can devote full attention to another
controversial banking investigation.

For the past year, Ms. McKenzie has directed both the BCCI investigation and an
Italian bank fraud case involving $ 5 billion in loans to Iraq. The Iraqi loan
scandal has taken Ms. McKenzie to Europe and thrust her into a contentious
political issue that reaches deep into the Bush administration and election-year
politics.

Mr. Blum and congressional investigators have expressed concern that Mr. Whitley
assigned the case to an assistant U.S. attorney who already was handling the
biggest financial prosecution ever in Atlanta.

Before being appointed U.S. attorney, Mr. Whitley represented one of the
companies under scrutiny in the Iraq investigation, and he has removed himself
from any involvement in that case.

Mr. Blum said it is inexcusable that the BCCI case has been handled by a
distracted lead prosecutor.

"I no longer accept the proposition that 'we don't have resources.' It's up to
them to get the resources," Mr. Blum said.

Mr. Whitley acknowledged that Ms. McKenzie hadn't been able to work the BCCI
case full time, but he said other prosecutors remained active in it. "It hasn't
languished for lack of attention," he said.

Mixed record of prosecution

The Justice Department has had a mixed record in prosecuting BCCI.

It indicted BCCI and several of its mid-level officials on money- laundering
charges in 1988. But it didn't follow up then on Mr. Blum's evidence that BCCI
also held secret and illegal control of banks in Washington and Atlanta. Mr.
Blum turned to Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau, who was the first
prosecutor to indict BCCI's top officers.

After months of chilly relations between Mr. Morgenthau and the Justice
Department, the two offices appear to be cooperating.

Both want to extradite Agha Hasan Abedi, the founder and longtime chief of BCCI,
from Pakistan. Both have indicted Mr. Abedi and Ghaith Pharaon, the BCCI front
man who claimed to own National Bank of Georgia from 1978 through 1987.

Going around the law

BCCI was always prohibited from U.S. banking, but it found ways around the law
and used Georgia as its first U.S. foothold.

Eugene Holley, a former state senator from Augusta, introduced Mr. Abedi to Bert
Lance in 1977, when Mr. Lance was serving as President Jimmy Carter's federal
budget director.

Mr. Lance introduced Mr. Abedi to longtime Washington lawyer Clark Clifford, who
later represented BCCI in Washington and served as chairman of the capital's
largest bank, BCCI-controlled First American Bankshares. In return, Mr. Abedi
helped Mr. Lance sell his shares in the National Bank of Georgia at a handsome
price to Mr. Pharaon.

Eventually Mr. Lance introduced Mr. Abedi to Mr. Carter, leading to an $ 8
million BCCI contribution to Mr. Carter's Global 2000 foundation.

Mr. Pharaon also invested in insurance firms and CenTrust, a Miami savings
institution that failed at a cost to U.S. taxpayers that will approach $ 2
billion. The Justice Department has indicted Mr. Pharaon in connection with
fraudulent securities deals between BCCI and CenTrust.

During the late 1980s, Mr. Jones frequently associated with Mr. Pharaon. He set
up several meetings between Mr. Pharaon and U.S. Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.), and he
met with regulators who were proposing a hard line against CenTrust. Those
matters have been investigated by a federal grand jury in Miami.

Focus on Georgia law change

The Atlanta federal grand jury has focused on BCCI's lobbying efforts to amend
Georgia law to allow First American Bankshares to buy the National Bank of
Georgia.

BCCI already secretly controlled both banks when it sought to merge them in
1987. But it pursued the deal, and the change in Georgia law, because Mr.
Pharaon was in financial trouble and faced pressure from his creditors. By
selling NBG to First American, BCCI was removing its Atlanta bank from the reach
of Mr. Pharaon's creditors.

The deal was completed in late 1987.

BCCI's liquidators have pleaded guilty on behalf of the bank to other serious
crimes in Georgia, but the individuals involved have yet to be charged, or even
named.

For example, BCCI admitted in January to tricking federal bank regulators with a
$ 10 million "sham transaction" in 1982 that enabled the National Bank of
Georgia to buy three suburban Atlanta banks.  Mr. Hinshaw said it is premature
to criticize prosecutors in Atlanta.

"It's too early to judge them," he said. "The test is still going on. I have
high expectations, because I believe in our system."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH921890415

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: William Hinshaw Chart: BCCI investigations The U.S.
Justice Department, accused by members of Congress dragging its feet in the BCCI
scandal, announced several federal grand jury investigations last year,
including investigations of : In Atlanta: BCCI's lobbying efforts to pass a
Georgia law to allow First American Bankshares of Washington, D.C., to buy the
National Bank of Georgia. In Denver: Capcom Financial Services, a securities
trading firm run by the former head of BCCI's treasury department. In
Washington: BCCI's acquisition of First American Bankshares in Washington. In
Miami: BCCI's dealings with Cen Trust, a defunct Miami savings institution.In
Orlando: Various BCCI activities. In Tampa: BCCI money laundering.

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          December 11, 1993, Saturday

US 'Mob state' remains home of corruption; Cleaning up Rhode Island goes beyond
destroying Mafia

BYLINE: PATRICK COCKBURN in Providence, Rhode Island

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS PAGE; Page 17

LENGTH: 987 words


A JOKE, much resented by Rhode Islanders, is that things got so bad in their
state during the recent recession that the Mafia had to lay off two of its
judges. Rhode Island never quite escapes its reputation as ''the mob state'',
earned in the decades when the Mafia used it as their headquarters for New
England.

Rhode Island has just fired its Chief Justice, Thomas Fay, for corruption.
Allegations against him include keeping an illicit $ 177,000 ( pounds 118,000)
bank account for judicial junkets, allocating business to friends and trying to
destroy evidence of his wrongdoing.

His trial will further convince Americans that Rhode Island, the smallest state
in the union, is also the most corrupt. When Mr Fay took office in 1986 it was
to replace Chief Justice Joseph Bevilacqua, forced to resign under threat of
impeachment because of his links with the Patriarca Mafia family.

Nobody suspects Mr Fay of links with the mob. The former United States Attorney,
Lincoln Almond, who spent almost 20 years prosecuting organised crime in Rhode
Island, says: ''The Mafia as a structure is being destroyed.'' Its local leaders
have moved from the capital, Providence, to Boston. But the culture of
corruption, of which the Mafia was only a part, is changing slowly, if at all.

Mr Almond, who is running for governor on a law-and-order platform, says
organised crime does not get a foothold anywhere without corruption in
government. It is easy to see why the Mafia found Rhode Island attractive. A
splinter of land between Connecticut and Massachusetts - its prosperity
orginally based on the slave trade - it was always a haven for misfits.

''Historically Rhode Island has always been a state for people who got kicked
out of Massachusetts,'' says Phil West, who runs the reform group Common Cause
in Providence. It has also long been a one- party state, run by the Democrats
drawing on big Italian and Irish voting blocs.

Belief in underhand influence is so pervasive that, before seeking a job or a
contract, people ask if it is ''wired'', meaning has it already been obtained by
somebody with the right government connections.

Until recently corruption was brazen. Nobody expected to get caught or to suffer
much if they did. Mr Bevilacqua had told the local parole board that Raymond
Patriarca, the Mafia leader for New England, was ''a person of integrity and, in
my opinion, good moral character''. At the federal level it was the Rhode Island
congressman, Fernand St Germain, who, as head of the House Banking Committee,
exacerbated the collapse of the thrift industry by doing favours for its
lobbyists.

One event is said to have changed all this. In 1991 massive embezzlement by a
banker called Joseph Mollicone led to the collapse of the private fund which
insured the state's 45 credit unions. Overnight some 350,000 Rhode Islanders - a
third of the population - found they could not get at their money. Mollicone
fled after stealing $ 15m but the streets of Providence filled with enraged
demonstrators.

Most depositors finally got their money back through state intervention but not
for over a year and without interest. Phil West says: ''Since that cataclysm
people saw corruption as something that could affect them personally. It was a
watershed in political attitudes here.''

Others are not so sure. Charles Bakst, a senior correspondent at the Providence
Journal-Bulletin, the powerful local newspaper which has been the main force in
exposing corruption, says that for the moment the politically correct thing is
to posture as a reformer. He cites the governor, Bruce Sundlum, who won the
election by campaigning with a broomstick to underline his commitment to clean
government, but in office has repeatedly allocated jobs to his friends and
allies.

Mr Sundlum may also have been damaged by the ''raccoon affair''. This occurred
when he was awoken by the noise of three raccoons attacking a fox and two cubs
in his garden. Grabbing a 12-gauge shotgun he killed the raccoons, which he
suspected were rabid. A local newspaper pointed out that it was illegal to
discharge a gun within the city limits. Outraged by this Mr Sundlum ordered the
state police to arrest him and rushed to court where he shouted ''I am guilty''.

The episode may hurt him in next year's election but Rhode Island voters have in
the past been tolerant of quirky behaviour by their representatives. An example
of this is the career of Providence Mayor, Vincent Cianci, who waves away talk
of corruption with an amused flick of the hand, dismissing the banking crisis
and the fall of Mr Fay as ''a blip'' in the development of the city he loves.

Journalists are gently berated for their negative reporting. He says: ''If I
walked on water they would say it was because I could not swim.'' With justice
he claims that Providence, with its early 19th-century streets, Brown university
and bustling centre is one of the most attractive cities in the US. Scandals
attract attention but ''in Texas the main spectator sport is football and here
in Rhode Island it is politics''.

Spectators of Mayor Cianci's career have certainly had value for money since he
was first elected in 1974. Vastly popular among his supporters he nevertheless
lost his job 10 years later, when he put out a cigarette in the eye of a man
whom he believed was having an affair with his estranged wife. ''Everybody makes
mistakes,'' Mr Cianci now says and, in 1991, voters showed they agreed by
re-electing him.

Phil West compares cleaning up Rhode Island to trying to reform an alcoholic. He
says there are bound to be backslidings but, after the shock of finding their
bank deposits frozen, voters want reform. Mayor Cianci on the contrary, says
that, come next year's elections, Mr Fay's secret bank account and Mr
Mollicone's embezzlement will be just a distant memory - and he may well be
right.


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 Independent Print Ltd

                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

BYLINE: Name Name name.name@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; World; Pg.12

LENGTH: 425 words

Tar balls see second stretch of beach closed

               LOS ANGELES - A second stretch of Southern California shoreline
has been closed after masses of tar balls washed ashore, and authorities said
they were looking into whether the sticky blobs were linked to a recent oil
pipeline spill. The shoreline closure in Long Beach, south of Los Angeles,
follows a similar problem last week on a 10 kilometre stretch of beaches just to
the north in the South Santa Monica Bay area. Tar balls are a naturally
occurring phenomenon on beaches in the region.                Reuters


               Police arrest 44 in Rome for corruption

               ROME - Italian police said they arrested 44 people suspected of
being part of a network of corrupt politicians, officials and business people in
Rome accused of rigging public contracts to manage migrant reception centres.
The arrests follow the discovery of a vast system of corruption in the Rome city
government last year - a case dubbed "Mafia Capital", which prompted the city
hall to ask the national anti-corruption authority to investigate a list of
suspect public contracts.                Reuters

               Outrage as executions linked with boat policy

               SYDNEY - The Australian government demanded the country's human
rights chief retract claims linking the execution of two Australians by
Indonesia with Canberra's hardline asylum-seeker policy, calling it "an
outrageous slur". Human Rights Commission president Gillian Triggs said it was
no wonder Jakarta refused to back down on the death penalty for Bali
drug-smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran when Australia was turning back
boats full of migrants. Indonesia executed Chan and Sukumaran by firing squad in
April.                AFP

               Two brothers pardoned over killing in 1983

               RALEIGH - Two brothers, one of whom spent three decades on death
row, were pardoned in the 1983 rape and killing of a girl, clearing the way for
them to receive US$750,000 in compensation from the state. Governor Pat
McCrory's pardons for Henry McCollum and his half brother Leon Brown came after
a judge vacated their convictions and ordered their release in September, citing
new DNA evidence that points to another man killing and raping 11-year-old
Sabrina Buie. Defence attorneys say the brothers were scared teenagers who had
low IQs when they were questioned by police.                 AP

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  Henry McCollum walks free in North Carolina.
Photo: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            March 24, 2012 Saturday

Wyoming gets 'F' for accountability efforts

BYLINE: Trevor Brown

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. 3-24 NEWS transparency report::1

LENGTH: 703 words


bkm

Wyoming gets 'F' for accountability efforts

A report from the State Integrity Investigation says the state has a high
potential for corruption.

At a glance

Wyoming was among the eight states given a failing grade by the Center for
Public Integrity for its accountability efforts. The national report examined
states' risk for corruption by looking at 330 categories relating to
transparency and accountability.

By Trevor Brown

tbrown@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Wyoming's state government ranks among the least transparent and
accountable in the nation, according to a national report.

The State Integrity Investigation gave Wyoming a failing grade - and placed it
as the third worst in the country - in a recently released report examining each
state's risk for corruption.

The project was conducted by the Center for Public Integrity, Global Integrity
and Public Radio International. It evaluated each state's laws and policies in
330 categories relating to open government and anti-corruption measures.

The report gave Wyoming low marks on public access to information, state pension
fund management, lobbying disclosure and ethics enforcement agencies.

No states received overall "A" grades, but the report placed New Jersey,
Connecticut, Washington, California and Nebraska at the top of its ranking.

Georgia, South Dakota, Wyoming, Virginia and Maine received the lowest scores.

Caitlin Ginley, a project manager on the study, said one of the surprises is
that many of the sparsely populated Western states scored poorly in the study.

In the report, she wrote this can be caused by the "belief that everybody knows
everybody" can override "any perceived need for strong protections in the law."

Rep. Amy Edmonds, R-Cheyenne, agreed that the state's "small town" feel can lead
to a false sense of trust in officials.

She added that there is always room for Wyoming to improve its transparency and
accountability practices.

"I think that we've unfortunately always put too much power in our elected
officials and bureaucrats," Edmonds said. "Any official should be willing to be
open about how we do things, especially with the financial aspects of spending
(public) money."

Dan Neal, executive director of the Equality State Policy Center, said he agrees
with several of the report's assessments that were critical of the state.

He said Wyoming can do much better by:

n

Fixing loopholes in its campaign finance laws and regulations relating to
political action committees.

n

Requiring lobbyists to disclose more information, including their salaries.

n

Further strengthening the recently improved public records laws.

Although Neal said Wyoming has not had too many corruption problems in the past,
he said the report is a good reminder that the state has to be vigilant.

"The whole point is managing our (corruption) risks in a way so we don't wind up
in a position of having to deal with a scandal," he said. "Ultimately, we are
trying to maintain the public's trust (in government)."

The report was not all bad news for Wyoming.

The state received an "A" in the subcategories of the state budget process and
redistricting.

The Legislative Service Office recently began streaming the audio of the Joint
Appropriations Committee hearings as the legislators crafted the state's budget
last session.

The recently completed redistricting work, which included more than a dozen
public hearings last year, also received high praise from many of the
participants.

The report also did not take into account changes during the past legislative
session that included the passage of new public records and open meetings laws
that were praised by good government advocates.

Sen. Wayne Johnson, R-Cheyenne, said he thinks the state should re-examine its
transparency and accountability policies similarly to how the Legislature
approached the open meeting and public record changes.

During that process, various groups and stakeholders met during the interim
session to reach a compromise that was then sent to legislators.

"I think having all those various levels of government and different types of
people get together is how it should be done," Johnson said. "When you have all
the players get together and reach a consensus, that is how everybody wins."

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 1, 1999, Thursday Home Edition

INTERNATIONAL ATLANTA;
 ATLANTA AND THE WORLD;
 Nigerian leader tells GSU crowd nation will change

BYLINE: Keith Graham, Moni Basu, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: News; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 651 words

He hasn't taken office yet, but Nigeria's president-elect is doing his best to
shore up confidence in his country here in the United States.

Olusegun Obasanjo promised a standing-room-only crowd Saturday at Georgia State
University that his planned democratic reforms will improve the lives of
Nigeria's citizens and remove the taint of political corruption that has plagued
the country.

"We want to put the past behind us, and we want to see what we can achieve under
a democratic system," said Obasanjo, 61, who assumes the presidency May 29. "I
believe the way to stamp out corruption is to start with the leader. We will run
a very open and transparent government. If you want to criticize it, criticize
it. If you want to press it, press it."

Monday in New York, Obasanjo sounded very much the peacemaker as he met with
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and discussed efforts "to stop the bleeding"
in the increasing conflicts in parts of Africa. Tuesday in Washington, the
Nigerian leader met with President Clinton and said he will build democracy in
the western African nation despite "the views and the thinking of the skeptics"
who say corruption will endure.

The jury is still out on how effective Obasanjo will be, but the new leader of
Africa's most populous nation (108 million inhabitants) has already offered a
similar message of hope in visits to several European capitals.

Baseball to open in Mexico

On Sunday, baseball diplomacy was a hit in Cuba, where the Baltimore Orioles
played an exhibition game in the first appearance there by a U.S. major league
team in 40 years. This Sunday, the major leagues have their first season opener
outside the United States or Canada --- a game between the San Diego Padres and
Colorado Rockies in Monterrey, Mexico.

"I think it's great," said Teodoro Maus, Mexico's consul general in Atlanta.
"It enhances the positive aspects of our relationship with the United States. "

Maus said the game in Cuba showed it is possible to have a relationship on some
level between two politically different countries. The game in Mexico won't have
such heavy political implications, but it could be a step toward a future
Mexican team in the majors and at least will encourage interest in baseball in a
soccer-dominated country.

"Soccer is the big sport in Latin America and I guess the rest of world, except
the United States. But baseball is a very important sport for us," Maus said.

It's also important to Maus: He goes to Braves games whenever he can get
tickets. "I love baseball," he said.

Taiwanese back Carter visit

Former President Jimmy Carter's visit was big news this week in Taiwan. The
China Times reported Wednesday that Carter refused to apologize for dropping
U.S. relations with Taiwan in favor of recognizing mainland China 20 years ago.

"The decision I made in the year 1978 was the right one," the paper quoted
Carter as saying in response to a "bitter query" from a senior member of the
opposition Democratic Progressive Party, Annettee Liu. Carter said he was right
to engage the mainland in dialogue and that, in doing so, he had helped maintain
stability in the Asia Pacific region.

Some demonstrators at a protest outside the former president's hotel branded him
a "traitor" to Taiwan. But a survey by a cable television station found 55
percent of the respondents welcomed Carter's visit.

He was warmly greeted by President Lee Teng-hui, who praised the Georgian's work
for peace and helping the poor.

"I can assure you that in the promotion of world peace and enhancing of human
welfare, you are going to have a new partner whose name is Lee Teng-hui, " the
Tawianese president said.

COMPASS POINTS

CARE, the Atlanta-based international relief organization, has named Marilyn
Frailey Grist senior vice president for external relations.

e-mail: kgraham@ajc.com or mbasu@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo :
Nigeria's Olusegun Obasanjo meets with President Clinton in the White House on
Monday as part of a blitz to repair his country's image. / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             June 10, 2010 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

The need for bold ethics reform Bipartisanship o The people of Illinois deserve
a clean break from the culture of corruption.

BYLINE: By Tom Cross Tom Cross, R-Oswego, is the Minority Leader in the Illinois
House of Representatives.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 607 words

DATELINE: 0


With former Gov. Rod Blagojevich's corruption trial underway, it seems to be an
appropriate time to take stock of the status of political and ethics reform in
Illinois state government.

The impeachment and removal of Gov. Blagojevich and his criminal trial serve as
a daily reminder to our citizens why they have lost faith and confidence in
Illinois state government. These events have created an all-time low for
political corruption in our state and have resulted in calls for uncompromising
action to enact genuine and far-reaching ethics and campaign reform.

If there ever was a moment to be bold and truly change the "culture of
corruption" in Illinois, it was in the last 18 months.

Shortly after Gov. Pat Quinn was sworn into office, he created the Illinois
Reform Commission. Led by former federal prosecutor Patrick Collins, this group
of Illinois citizens was charged with developing a comprehensive agenda to
boldly reform Illinois state government. In little more than 100 days, they
offered dozens of proposals that would serve as a blueprint to clean-up politics
and government in Illinois.

Unfortunately, the powerful forces of the status quo prevailed and in the
Illinois House of Representatives there was not even a committee hearing
convened to hear these important proposals.

This was the beginning of what turned out to be a pattern of action by the
governor and Democratic legislative leaders on ethics and political reform of
enacting timid and half-hearted measures aimed mainly at placating the public,
but not offering true reform. By an objective standard the response to this
crisis by Gov. Quinn and his legislative leaders has been a failure.

Imagine how different Illinois would look if Democrats and Republicans came
together and embraced a bold comprehensive agenda of ethics and political
reform. Such reform might include:

- Limits on all campaign contributions in Illinois - both in the primary
election and the general election in November. Limits should apply to everyone
in every election.

- A constitutional amendment that allows voters the right to petition for the
recall of not only the governor, but statewide officials and members of the
Illinois General Assembly. (The question of whether or not the governor can be
recalled will be on the ballot in November).

- A constitutional amendment that places the authority and the responsibility of
drawing the boundaries of Illinois Senate and House districts in the hands of an
independent citizens' commission instead of the current practice of state
legislators drawing their own districts.

- Moving the date of the primary election to June. The record-low turnout in
February is proof that a primary election in the dead of winter is not what
people want.

- Giving voters the right to a special election for vacancies for the U.S.
Senate. One person, the governor, should not have the right to determine who
represents millions of Illinois citizens in the U.S. Senate.

If we are going to challenge the status quo in Illinois state government, it
will require bold and decisive action.

The Democratic response to this crisis has been a series of timid half-measures
that has been characterized by editorial pages across Illinois as "reform-lite."
The simple truth is this is unacceptable.

Illinois House Republicans believe the people of Illinois deserve a clean break
with the past on these fundamental issues of reform. Democrats control state
government and are desperately clinging to the status quo. The Republican agenda
for reform would be bold and comprehensive.

We must work together to continue to push for and demand these reforms every
step of the way.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo by Chicago Tribune - Illinois Capitol  Photo by AP - The
Illinois House at work last month.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            February 17, 2012 Friday

No surprise Illinois near top of corruption list

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 381 words


OK, admit it. Were you really surprised that a study singled out Chicago as the
"most corrupt" city in the nation and Illinois ranked third among states?

Well, maybe the latter surprised you - but only because Illinois wasn't first or
second.

One can argue with the methodology. The rankings were based on federal
convictions for public corruption from 1976 through 2010. State corruption
convictions weren't considered, not that Illinois law makes it easy to address
public corruption. And postal employees who pilfer mail are part of the
statistics, even though that's not what most people think of when they hear the
word "public corruptions."

Even though the way corruption was measured in the study isn't perfect, it does
give an objective, quantifiable snapshot of where Illinois stands - mired in
muck.

And regardless of which state has more total convictions or convictions per
capita, Illinois certainly has high profile ones, considering two governors in a
row have been found guilty of corruption.

The report also doesn't take into account actions that don't result in a
conviction and might not be illegal, but still have an odor about them that
feeds the state's reputation for corruption.

The article by Lee Statehouse Bureau Chief Kurt Erickson recounts how yet
another former lawmaker, who as a lame duck switched positions and voted for
Gov. Pat Quinn's income tax hike, has been appointed to a well-paying state job.

In this case it is former state Rep. Bob Flider of Mount Zion, who is Quinn's
choice for head of the Illinois Department of Agriculture.

If confirmed for the $122,273-a-year job, Flider will join Careen Gordon of
Morris and Mike Smith of Canton as lame-duck, tax-hike supporters who landed
state jobs after leaving office. Flider doesn't even have a hands-on background
in farming, although he represented a farming area and district that includes
agribusiness leader ADM. But he does have a background in providing Quinn with a
key vote when the governor needed it.

Was this a quid pro quo - or, as Illinois Republican Party Chairman Pat Brady
called it, a "Quinn pro quo" - for Flider's vote? Quinn and Flider say "no."

But voters living in a state that is statistically and historically among the
most corrupt are justified in believing otherwise.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Pantagraph

                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            July 23, 2009, Thursday

With arrests, New Jersey stakes claim as corruption capital

BYLINE: Ron Scherer Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 90

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: New York


Move over Illinois and Louisiana. New Jersey is vying to be the most corrupt
state in the nation.

The state, which has watched many of its public officials sent to jail in the
past, is now trying deal with the latest news.

On Thursday, 300 agents from the FBI and the IRS's criminal investigation
division swooped in and started rounding up three mayors, a state assemblyman
from Ocean County and even someone identified as the chief rabbi of the Syrian
Sephardic Jews in Brooklyn. So far, the dragnet has resulted in 44 arrests, and
officials indicate there might be more to come.

The arrests are part of a 10-year investigation called Operation Bid Rig, which
has already resulted in the arrest of 48 other officials. In the latest round,
the FBI used a "confidential witness" who, among other activities, is alleged to
have offered officials bribes to move his development projects to the top of the
pile.

The federal prosecutor says his office has audio and video tapes of meetings
that took place in diners, bathrooms, and offices to back up its claims. "We
feel very confident about our evidence," says acting US Attorney, Ralph Marra
Jr.

The arrests prompted federal law enforcement agents to call the state one of the
most corrupt, if not the most corrupt, in the nation.

Federal officials talk about the state having a political "culture" of
corruption. Mr. Marra says the newly elected mayor of Hoboken, Peter Cammarano
III, even joked that he could be indicted and still get 85 to 95 percent of the
vote.

At a press conference, Marra said efforts by solid citizens to clean up the
state had been met by derision. "They get shouted down," he said.

Political commentator Larry Sabato, who has written two books about New Jersey's
corruption, says part of the blame lies with the residents.

"It could never have survived or gone as deep without a wink or a nod from the
voters," says Mr. Sabato, a professor at the University of Virginia. "They have
not punished the people they should have punished."

But, he says, the state is also at fault for allowing public officials to hold
multiple public offices at the same time. "You can be a state assemblyman, a
mayor, and freeholder [comparable to a county commissioner] all at once," he
explains. "It gives them multiple salaries but it leads to corruption."

According to Bennett Gershman, a former New York special state prosecutor
investigating corruption, one of the main reasons for so much public graft in
New Jersey is because local prosecutors are not doing their job.

"In a sense government officials feel they have a green light," he says. "They
have no prosecutor hanging over their shoulder, and I would say that is not a
minimal factor but an important factor."

The corruption is engendered as well by the lack of political competition, says
Randy Mastro, former deputy mayor of New York under Rudolph Giuliani.

"In certain geographic parts, there is one party rule," says Mr. Mastro who grew
up in New Jersey and is now at the law firm Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher in New York.
"When that is the case you have more potential for corruption because the
criminal types know who they have to bribe."

Transparency International, a global nongovernmental organization dedicated to
increasing public accountability and combating corruption, quotes an unnamed
scholar, as saying the state "is the epicenter of the nation's corruption."

Mr. Sabato says he might have made the statement. "I've said it many times."
However, Sabato says New Jersey is not necessarily the worst. It shares that
title with Illinois and Louisiana, in what he terms "the unholy trinity."

"All three are tied," he says.

(c) Copyright 2009. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday

Corruption (& perceptions thereof)

BYLINE: By Brad Bumsted

LENGTH: 529 words


HARRISBURG

Since 2008, Pennsylvania has experienced a crime wave among its top public
officials. Unprecedented nationally, eight legislative leaders were in prison at
the same time until recently as a result of corruption verdicts. Their
convictions included using taxpayers' dollars for political work and campaigns.
Seven remain behind bars.

Thirty-eight people with ties to the Capitol were charged by state, federal and
local officials. Two were acquitted and one had charges dropped. Despite this
sordid chapter in state history, other states, notably Illinois and Louisiana,
and perhaps others, have been worse over time.

On a national level, how does the United States fare in the world? How does
corruption in this country compare to others? Obviously there's nothing close to
a global registrar tracking corruption by public officials. Much of it goes
undetected and even conviction data aren't available in some countries.

The watchdog group Transparency International issues an annual report on
worldwide corruption. It's about "perceptions" of corruption. The group surveys
around 3,000 people, typically businessmen, in about 30 countries.

"Corruption generally comprises illegal activities, which are deliberately
hidden and only come to light through scandals, investigations or prosecutions,"
the group says on its webpage. "There is no meaningful way to assess absolute
levels of corruption in countries or territories on the basis of hard empirical
data."

The 2012 corruption perception index might surprise you. Even if you're pretty
cynical, the United States isn't the worst. Afghanistan, North Korea and Somalia
bring up the rear.

The United States ranks among the 20 nations with the least public corruption,
according to the survey. The three lowest were Denmark, Finland and New Zealand.

The U.S. follows Japan and the United Kingdom with the least corruption. At
least that's the perception.

Where does corruption breed?

"A government launching a competitive tender, a company setting up operations
abroad, a politician raising funds to campaign for office - these are just a few
of the areas where corruption can breed. When it does, resources are wasted, the
corrupt benefit at the expense of others, and societies suffer," Transparency
International says.

One other breeding ground at the Pennsylvania state Capitol: long-term service
in the Pennsylvania General Assembly, where leaders became insulated.
Rank-and-file legislators over the long haul tend to abdicate power. That breeds
feelings of entitlement and arrogance among leaders. Then comes the volatile mix
with campaign money.

At least in the recent scandals, maintaining power in the state House drove
scandals among Republican and Democrats. Desperate to cling to power, previous
leaders stepped up the use of taxpayers' money to pay for campaigns. Why?
Because it's easier. They have easy access. Garnering campaign money involves
hours of work on the phone or by staff in setting up a fundraiser.

It's certainly not as easy as dipping in to the taxpayers' cookie jar.

Brad Bumsted is the state Capitol reporter for Trib Total Media (717-787-1405 or
bbumsted@tribweb.com).,Brad Bumsted

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday

Corrupt bastards club

BYLINE:  Air Marshal (Retd) Ayaz Ahmed Khan

SECTION: Vol. XV No. 332

LENGTH: 648  words


With one million and eight hundred thousand (1.8 million) copies sold, Sarah
Palin's book "Going Rogue", has electrified American youth. Her political rating
has jumped from 21% to 47%. President Barak Obama's is 49%. The book reveals
that she is an extremely hard working politician, and despite being a mom with
five kids she works round the clock. Her courage and dynamism and revelations of
corruption in the American culture, and her determination for change from
business as usual, made her Governor of Alaska.

The Republican Party nominated her as Vice President in the Presidential
elections last year. She could be nominated, by the Republican Party for the
Presidential election in 2012.

She has written about political corruption in the state of Alaska and in the
gubernatorial elections. Page 112 of "Going Rogue," is reproduced, because it
has relevance to the sordid history of lack of ethics among politicians and
public servants in Pakistan. Here corruption has become a part of our culture.

The proof is election rigging, corruption in government and semi-autonomous
departments, nepotism, embezzlement of public funds, non-payment and evasion of
taxes, defaulting and non-return of bank loans, and to top it all the infamous
National Reconciliation Ordnance. The NRO has benefited 8041 influential people,
including 248 elite politicians, and senior bureaucrats.

General Musharraf promulgated this infamous Ordinance with the motive to
perpetuate his hold on to power. The beneficiaries have been exonerated from all
allegations, and wrong doings, and from court cases instituted against them.
Mian Nawaz Sharif has directed all ML(N) MNA's and MPA's implicated in the NRO
to resign forthwith. PPP needs to emulate this example of political ethics and
integrity.

In the Alaska elections for the State Governor, Sarah Palin was running the
election campaign with a shoestring budget, against five other candidates, who
were business tycoons and millionaires. She writes, "We promised to shine a
bright spotlight on ethics reform and to clean up the favor factory known as the
Capitol Building. An undercover FBI investigation of the Alaska State
Legislature was bubbling to the surface.

In the week after the primary elections federal agents served more than twenty
search warrants, many of them at the offices of state legislators- five
Republicans and one democrat. It turned out that the feds had been
investigating, the links between some lawmakers and VECO Corporation the big oil
services company. The warrants allowed FBI agents to search computer files,
personal communications, official reports and items emblazoned with the phrase
"Corrupt Bastards Club", or "CBC".

"Corrupt Bastards Club", the "CBC" had become a barroom joke, after a newspaper
opinion piece, highlighted eleven lawmakers who had received large campaign
contributions from VECO, and who appeared to cast votes according VECO
Corporations demands. The name stuck and the lawmakers thought it was so funny
they had hats painted up that said "CBC". It was not so funny after the feds
showed up. Alaskans were disenchanted and felt disenfranchised from their own
government. We were going to change that".

Long time back I had read in the Punch -the British comic magazine that there
are two peoples who laugh at their follies; Polish and Pakistanis. After reading
"Going Rogue", Americans could be included in that category of "the shameless".

The NRO has revealed that there are thousands like that among us. Rich and
influential people who get court decisions and bank loans wiped out belong to a
category of rogues, who would have delighted to be called bastards, if they were
Americans. But here they play holy and we vote them into power, regardless of
their lack of ethics. They need to read Sarah Palins book - "Going Rogue". They
may wish to follow the example of Alaskan-American legislators.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 5, 2005 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Corruption in Congress reaches epic proportions

BYLINE: By Douglas Turner

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 613 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Real Canadian beer is better. So is Canada's cheese and its pea meal bacon.

Lately, a case can be made that Canada's national form of government, the
parliamentary system, is better -- at least when dealing with corruption.

On Jan. 23, Canadian voters will choose a new Parliament to clear the air over
corruption charges leveled against members of the controlling Liberal Party.

The election was triggered by a no-confidence vote in Parliament on Nov. 28
after a commission found money intended for a national unity campaign in
secessionist Quebec went criminally missing.

Contrast that with the full-sail corruption going on down here. Developments of
the last four months would have imploded on leaders of our Congress under
Canadian rules. So much rottenness has surfaced, you need a bettor's scratch
sheet to keep track:

Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham, R-Calif., on Nov. 28 pleaded guilty to accepting
roughly $2.4 million in bribes in exchange for helping a defense contractor.

The goodies accepted by Cunningham included a Rolls Royce, Persian rugs, use of
a yacht, antiques and housing.

Ominously, Cunningham is cooperating with federal prosecutors who are looking
for others who were influenced by the defense contractor, and several members of
Congress are hastening to return campaign contributions they got from
Cunningham.

Rep. Bob Ney, R-Ohio, is under heavy scrutiny in the wake of a guilty plea by
Michael Scanlon. Scanlon, once the press secretary of Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas,
was a public relations associate of lobbyist Jack Abramoff.

Scanlon admitted plying a congressman identified in the indictment as
"Representative #1" with trips, free meals, sports arena boxes and other gifts
to influence official acts. Ney -- widely understood to be "Representative #1"
-- has been told he's a target of the probe and has hired a top defense lawyer.

Scanlon is also cooperating with authorities who are investigating at least
three dozen other members of Congress who may have been used by lobbyist
Abramoff and himself.

Democrats such as Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and Sen. Byron
Dorgan of North Dakota may be involved.

Abramoff is identified as "Lobbyist A" in the indictment to which Scanlon
pleaded guilty. His firm may have pocketed more than $80 million from gambling
interests, recycling some of it to friends in Congress.

The most politically pregnant aspect of the Scanlon-Abramoff case is their work
to influence the Department of the Interior and others for and against operators
of Indian gaming casinos. Abramoff, who was a close friend of DeLay, is the
target of a Justice Department probe in connection with the purchase of a fleet
of gambling boats.

DeLay, who "temporarily" stepped aside as House majority leader after he was
indicted in Texas for violating state campaign laws, will find out this week
whether he will actually go on trial or have the charges dismissed.

DeLay has already started the process for his prompt return as leader in case
the charges are dismissed. Some Republicans just want him to lie low through the
2006 congressional elections. DeLay's ties to Abramoff also are under
congressional review.

A DeLay comeback bid poses real problems for Republicans like Reps. Thomas M.
Reynolds of Clarence and John R. "Randy" Kuhl of Hammondsport. The GOP caucus
would have to vote DeLay back in.

But none of the above promises a shift in power to the Democrats. It's still
uphill for the minority because the same dollars that corrupt Congress pay to
return incumbents.

Worse, Democrats still haven't settled on policies to solve the problems the
nation cares about -- trade, jobs, war and Social Security.

e-mail: dturner@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Commentary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News

                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 13, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

MOST IN POLL SAY CITY CORRUPTION IS WIDESPREAD AND HURTS SERVICES

BYLINE: By RICHARD J. MEISLIN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1451 words


Most New York City residents perceive corruption as being widespread in the city
government and believe that it has a considerable effect on the quality of the
services the city provides, according to a New York Times/WCBS-TV News Poll.

A vast majority of those polled also said Mayor Koch should be held responsible
for corruption around him, and more than half said they did not believe the
Mayor's assertion that he was unaware that there was serious corruption in his
administration.

Half of those questioned said, however, that they believed that the people
around the Mayor, rather than Mr. Koch himself, were in charge of what goes on
in the city government. #65% Approval for Koch New Yorkers continue to view Mr.
Koch himself as very honest, and approval of the overall job he is doing as
Mayor, at 65 percent, remains near the highest levels he has attained in public
polls, despite the municipal corruption scandal that has shaken his
administration since January.

More than half of the 1,176 New York City residents interviewed by telephone
Sunday and Monday said they believed that the city government could be run
without corruption, rejecting the idea that corruption was just a part of the
way things worked in the city. And 77 percent expressed confidence that Mr. Koch
would take stronger actions to prevent future corruption in the city. The
sampling error in the survey was plus or minus 3 percentage points.

The interviews were conducted nearly two months after the current allegations of
corruption in New York City government began to come to light, and even as the
first official to be indicted in the scandal - Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, the
former deputy director of the city's Parking Violations Bureau - was negotiating
to reduce his possible penalties in return for testimony against other
officials.

About three-quarters of those interviewed said corruption had an effect on the
quality of the city services they used, with 35 percent saying it had a major
impact and 39 percent saying it had some.

Many people had difficulty defining precisely how corruption had affected them,
but of those who did, some spoke about their impression that money that would
otherwise go into services such as transit was instead going to enrich city
employees and contractors, and others spoke about a general decline in services,
particularly transit.

The poll found a sharply negative impression of Donald R. Manes, the former
Queens Borough President, against whom Mr. Lindenauer is expected to provide
evidence.

Only 2 percent had a favorable impression of Mr. Manes, who resigned last month
and is recuperating from a heart attack and what he said were self-inflicted
slash wounds to his left wrist and ankle. Sixty-four percent said they had an
unfavorable opinion of Mr. Manes, 12 percent said they were undecided, and 22
percent said they did not know enough about Mr. Manes to have an opinion.

Mr. Manes's rating, the lowest ever received by an official in 10 years of polls
conducted by The New York Times and CBS News, was somewhat higher in his home
borough of Queens and lower in the city's other boroughs. Of Queens residents,
3.4 percent had a favorable opinion of the former borough president; in the
other boroughs, only 1.4 percent had a favorable opinion of him.

On Mr. Koch, opinions were not hostile but were sometimes contradictory. People
rated him highly on his performance as the Mayor, with 65 percent approving, but
less highly in his handling of the allegations of corruption in the city, with
55 percent approving.

A majority said they believed that Mr. Koch was honest, but did not believe that
he did not know about corruption in his administration. Some of those surveyed
explained their feelings in later interviews.

'Hard to Believe'

''I find it hard to believe that Mayor Koch did not know about the corruption,''
said Judy Monaco, a 44-year-old student in social work at York College in
Queens. ''But if he didn't, it was certainly his business to know. There is
always one bad apple in the bunch that he might not have known about, but not
the whole bunch.''

Nevertheless, Miss Monaco said Mr. Koch has been ''a pretty good mayor because
he is not afraid to speak out about the issues.''

The corruption scandal also may be taking a toll on public confidence in the
city government and its employees. Asked how common they thought corruption was
in the city government, 61 percent of New Yorkers said they believed it was
widespread and 29 percent said they thought it was limited to isolated
incidents.

Three percent of those questioned in this week's poll said they had actually
been asked by a city employee for a bribe in order to get something done. Only
10 percent said they had ''a lot of confidence'' that a city employee would turn
down a bribe, 44 percent said they had some such confidence, and 38 percent said
they had none.

This indicated even less public confidence than shown by New Yorkers in a 1973
New York Times poll, in which 14 percent said they had ''a lot of confidence''
that a city employee would reject a bribe. At that time, a special prosecutor,
Maurice H. Nadjari, was conducting highly public investigations of corruption
among judges and police officers.

Nevertheless, 64 percent of those interviewed in this week's poll said they
believed New York had about the same level of corruption as other big cities.
Twenty-one percent said they thought it had more corruption, and 4 percent said
they thought it had less.

'Going on' for Years

''Corruption has been going on in this city for years and years - I certainly
don't feel this is anything new,'' said William Duhs, a 66-year-old Brooklyn
resident who retired after working for the city for 30 years. ''Every
administration goes through the same thing.''

Fifty-nine percent of those interviewed said it was wrong for a city official to
have a financial interest in a company that did business with the city, and 65
percent said it was wrong for a candidate for city office to accept a large
campaign contribution from someone who did business with the city.

Mayor Koch has said he wants to tighten rules on financial interests of city
employees in companies that do business with the government; campaign
contributions to candidates from city contractors are both legal and common.

Koch and Honesty

New York City residents continued to trust in the Mayor's honesty, according to
the poll. When asked whether they thought Mr. Koch, in general, was ''very
honest,'' 66 percent said yes and 16 percent said no. And 11 percent volunteered
that they believed he was ''somewhat'' honest.

Despite Mr. Koch's highly personal style of governing, New Yorkers expressed
less certainty over the Mayor's control of his government, with 38 percent
saying they believed that Mr. Koch was ''in charge of what goes on in his
administration'' most of the time and 51 percent saying that most of the time
''other people are running the government.''

Those responding to a similar question about President Reagan in national polls
by The Times and CBS News have recently split - at about 45 percent each -
between those who thought the Reagan Administration was being run by others or
by the President, whose general image has been of a leader more distanced from
his government.

How the Poll Was Conducted

This New York Times/WCBS-TV Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted
March 9 and 10 with 1,176 adults in all parts of New York City. Interviews were
conducted in either English or Spanish.

The sample of telephone exchanges called was selected by a computer from a
complete list of exchanges in the city. The exchanges were chosen so as to
insure that each area in the city was represented in proportion to its
population. For each exchange, the telephone numbers were formed by random
digits, thus permitting access to both listed and unlisted residential numbers.

The results have been weighted to take account of household size and the number
of residential telephones and to adjust for variations in the sample relating to
borough, race, sex, age and education.

In theory, in 19 cases out of 20 the results based on such samples will differ
by no more than 3 percentage points in either direction from what would have
been obtained by interviewing all adult New Yorkers. For smaller groups, the
potential error is greater. For Queens residents, the margin of sampling error
is plus or minus five percentage points. For all blacks it is plus or minus 6
percentage points.

In addition to sampling error, the practical difficulties of conducting any
survey of public opinion may introduce other sources of error into the poll.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: chart of poll results (page B4)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 2, 2011 Tuesday

Anti-graft bodies say foreign institutions involved in corruption in Afghanistan

LENGTH: 634 words


Text of report by Afghan independent Tolo TV on 1 August

[Presenter] The international community is also involved in corruption in
Afghanistan, anti-corruption bodies in the country have said, calling on the
international community to cooperate seriously against administrative corruption
in Afghanistan. Although the bodies confirmed the existence of corruption in
Afghanistan, they said foreign officials should not ignore massive corruption in
foreign institutions in Afghanistan. They reacted to this after the chairman of
the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullen, said yesterday that the USA
would never ignore current corruption in Afghan government institutions.

Shakila Ebrahimkhel reports:

[Correspondent] In his Afghanistan visit and in his latest remarks, the chairman
of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullen, expressed serious concern
over the existence of administrative corruption in Afghan government
institutions. He said that the USA would never ignore administrative corruption
in Afghanistan.

[Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen, in English with
superimposed Dari translation] There are corrupt individuals in many
institutions. People are suffering from this criminal network. I would like to
say that we cannot get away from administrative corruption or ignore it.

[Correspondent] Afghanistan's anti-corruption bodies confirm the remarks by the
US official, but say foreigners and foreign institutions are also involved in
the existing corruption in Afghanistan.

[Mohammad Yasin Osmani, head of the committee for supervision and assessment of
the fight against administrative corruption in foreign and domestic
institutions, captioned] Although corruption exists, the government has
documents and figures for 20 per cent of corruption cases in the country and can
present them to anyone. The other side, that is the international community, has
neither reported to our people nor to their own people yet.

[Correspondent] The anti-corruption bodies called for the international
community's serious and honest assistance in the fight against administrative
corruption.

[Azizollah Ludin, the head of the Independent Commission for the Supervision of
the Implementation of the Constitution, captioned, speaking over the phone] They
should have expected this. For this reason, the government of Afghanistan has
called for a long time that they should spend at least 50 per cent of aid
through the government [indistinct words].

[Correspondent] The committee for supervision and assessment of the fight
against administrative corruption in foreign and domestic institutions wants the
international community to give the evidence it has at its disposal to the
committee to probe [corruption] in foreign institutions.

[Osmani] We expect a lot from the international community to cooperate with us
by providing us with documents and evidence we want. We are not much sure with
regard to this whether they cooperate with us in a proper manner or not.

[Correspondent] Although the government of Afghanistan has consistently stressed
the fight against corruption, the Attorney-General's Office, submitted the case
of a former cabinet minister only out of many corrupt officials to court [for
consideration]. Likewise, the Foreign Policy magazine has recently written that
even though corruption will not possibly be rooted out in Afghanistan
completely, administrative corruption is likely be reduced in Afghanistan if the
US Department of Defence and other foreign institutions step up monitoring over
their contracts and expenses.

[Video shows officials and Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike
Mullen speaking to camera; reconstruction of a road; foreign forces patrolling
areas of Afghanistan.]

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 1 Aug 11

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 28, 1993, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION

Ex-NYC officer tells stark tale of cops gone bad

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 875 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A former cocaine-dealing cop Monday painted the most disturbing portrait of
corruption in the nation's largest police force since officer Frank Serpico
testified 21 years ago.

During the first day of city hearings into police corruption, Michael Dowd, 32,
coolly and bluntly described his indoctrination by superiors into petty crime
and brutality, the evolution of his own drug dealing and addiction and the "Blue
Wall of Silence" that protected him and other dirty cops.

"That's the core of it. That's where it begins," Dowd said in the auditorium
where Serpico in 1972 helped expose systemic bribe-taking. "Cops don't want to
turn in other cops. Cops don't want to be a rat."

So complete and tolerated was his corruption that by the end of his fifth year
in the 30,000-member police force, Dowd - sniffing lines of cocaine off the
dashboard of his police car in the company of his partner - considered himself
both police officer and drug trafficker.

Dowd said his weekly take rose from measly $ 200-a-week "scores" of drugs and
money to an $ 8,000-a-week payoff from a major drug dealer.

He claimed he became a "hero" to rookie cops eager to learn how he acquired his
red Corvette, his flashy wardrobe, and his many vacations.

Much of Dowd's testimony was expected. But even veteran observers were shocked
by his candid confessions of pervasive corruption and its acceptance by police
supervisors.

New York's police department has been hit by about 20-year cycles of scandal,
reform, and fresh scandal since 1894.

This time "the cumulative impact of this testimony will be very hard on the New
York Police Department," says Thomas Repetto, head of the Citizens Crime
Commission.

But he and others cautioned that, while hardly isolated, police department
corruption in New York does not appear to be as widespread as it was two decades
ago.

Dowd's arrest last year by Suffolk County for operating a drug ring unleashed
the current scandal and an investigation into why the department's Internal
Affairs investigators didn't catch him sooner.

"In order to remain the best, we need to know the worst," said Mayor David
Dinkins, the first witness before the panel he appointed. It is headed by former
appeals court judge Milton Mollen.

Dowd, who pleaded guilty to corruption charges in a plea bargain, faces 12 to 15
years in prison. A sentencing hearing is scheduled for next month.

The commission is expected to recommend a permanent monitoring panel in hopes of
weeding out police corruption.

Before Dowd's appearance, a police officer identified only as "Otto," testified
on videotape about the Internal Affairs unit' indifference when he reported
corruption.

"Here I was, risking my life, my job, and everything I had . . . and they didn't
seem very interested," he said.

But the most dramatic testimony was Dowd's. His education into corruption began
at a police academy that promoted an "us against them" mentality. "Us is the
police officers," he said. "Them is the public."

Drinking on the job sealed a social pact of illegal activity.

Virtually the entire patrol force in Brooklyn's 75th precinct would regularly
"rendezvous at the pool" - a hidden Jamaica Bay inlet - for drinks, laughs,
shooting off guns and other "immature stuff." They also planned their illicit
drug raids there, he said.

As Dowd told it, everywhere he turned the message was clear: Do whatever you
wish, just have "an answer." That's all supervisors wanted.

On his first big drug bust, he stuck a "stack of $ 100 bills" in his pocket.
When his sergeant questioned the amount of money recovered, he turned over the
stolen money. Dowd said the sergeant later cursed him for being stupid enough to
turn it in.

A lingo for illegalities

During his testimony before the Mollen Commission, former New York City police
officer Michael Dowd defined language used by corrupt police officers. Examples:

Good cop: One who won't give up another cop. "If you're a good cop you'll be
accepted by other cops."

The Dowd Test: Named after Dowd himself, cops test a rookie officer's
willingness to join in illegal acts and protect other officers. Usually, it
begins with something small, like sending a new cop into a store to take a
six-pack of beer without paying.

Crew: A group of corrupt officers who form a "to-death-do-us-part pact."

Score: A drug bust that yields drugs and money.

Dumping ground: A police precinct or detail where bad cops are sent.

Sitting on location: Harassing a drug dealer who hasn't fully paid off corrupt
officers by sitting outside his business in a patrol car.

Riding shotgun: Guarding the transport of drugs.

Inside the NYC police A new round of police corruption hearings has begun in New
York City. The average New York City police officer is 31 years old and recieves
$ 42,678 in salary after five years: Arrests are climbing
Number of police officers arrested for criminal conduct
 1988             89
1992            101

Country's largest force
New York              30,531
Chicago               12,598
Los Angeles           7,631
Philadelphia          6,250
Washington            4,889
Houston               4,400

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Marty Baumann, USA TODAY, Source: International
Association of Chiefs of Police, New York City Police Department; USA TODAY
research (Line graph, bar graph); PHOTO, b/w, Paul Hurschmann, AP; PHOTO, b/w,
Jim Wells, AP

THE NATION; See info boxes at end of text

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 23, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PHILADELPHIA POLICE UNDERGOING MAJOR SHAKE-UP

BYLINE: By LINDSEY GRUSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 38, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 842 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 22


Two months after taking over this city's embattled Police Department,
Commissioner Kevin M. Tucker has begun one of the biggest shake-ups in the
department's history.

At least 100 transfers have been ordered, and at police districts' headquarters,
the Philadelphia equivalent of precinct station houses, there was an atmosphere
of uncertainty this week as officers and commanders said goodbye and cleaned out
their desks, preparing for new assignments.

''It's been total chaos,'' said Robert S. Hurst, president of Lodge 5 of the
Fraternal Order of Police, the bargaining agent for the department's 7,000
officers. ''The troops are all wondering who is going next.''

Most of these transfers have been sweetened by promotions that will be
celebrated at a ceremony Monday. Nonetheless, the reassignments and accompanying
measures by the Commissioner have already prompted one lawsuit and aroused
widespread concern.

'Rattling Everybody's Chain'

Many officers contend that the changes, which affect every division and district
headquarters, threaten to reduce efficiency. Commissioner Tucker is ''throwing
the baby out with the bathwater,'' Mr. Hurst said. ''He's going to destroy the
department. He's rattling everybody's chain for the sake of appearance.''

Mr. Tucker says the shake-up is necessary to reinvigorate the department, which
has been rocked in recent years by corruption scandals and charges of brutality
and ineptitude.

Accusations about the department's performance came to a head last May when the
police dropped a bomb on the radical group Move's heavily fortified headquarters
in a final effort to evict the group. The resulting fire killed 11 people and
destroyed 61 homes.

Charges of corruption are nearly as old as the department. Despite five special
grand jury investigations in the last century, nationally recognized authorities
on police work say graft has remained as much a part of this city as cream
cheese or cheese-steak.

Corruption as 'Part of Culture'

''Corruption has been very much part of the culture,'' said Herman Goldstein, a
professor of law at the University of Wisconsin who has studied and written
about police corruption here and in several other cities.

According to Professor Goldstein, Philadelphia historically has treated graft as
an onerous but tolerable fact of daily life.

Repeated cleanup efforts have for the most part driven graft into the woodwork,
from which it has re-emerged after the cleanup effort passed. That cycle was
noted by the Pennsylvania Crime Commission, which led the last such drive. In an
874-page report in 1974, the commission predicted that corruption would once
again be pervasive within 10 years.

That prediction now seems prescient. Federal prosecutors, who have investigated
police corruption here for four years, say the department is riddled with graft.

The Federal investigation has reported that corruption is affecting all ranks.
So far, 29 officers, including the former deputy commissioner, have been
convicted on a variety of charges.

Boards to Review Promotions

That led Mayor W. Wilson Goode to begin what he called a broad campaign to stem
corruption. His measures included requiring senior officers in line for
promotion to take polygraph, or lie-detector, tests; reinforcing the
department's internal affairs unit, and appointing Commissioner Tucker, a
Brooklyn native who was the agent in charge of the Secret Service office here
until he retired in July.

When he was appointed Dec. 18, Mr. Tucker immediately pledged a ''relentless''
pursuit of corruption. Last month he announced a variety of structural changes.
He said he would create boards to review promotions and abolish the Major
Investigations Division, formerly headed by the dedeputy commissioner who was
convicted of extorting payoffs.

Mr. Tucker said a new group, the Special Investigation Unit, would assume many
of the division's responsibilities, taking charge of areas especially prone to
corruption, such as vice and narcotics.

In an effort to assure the unit's credibility, Mr. Tucker ordered all new
members to take lie-detector tests. That move, however, brought a storm of
dissent. The police union sued in Common Pleas Court, saying the order violated
officers' constitutional rights to due process and against illegal searches and
self-incrimination.

Tests Held Vital to Credibility

''You don't investigate by gadgets,'' Mr. Hurst said. ''You investigate the old
way, through background checks from A to Z.''

But Commissioner Tucker said the polygraph tests were vital to restore
''integrity and credibility'' to the department. That led several officers to
defy their union and take the tests.

But even this voluntary testing has come to a halt. It was suspended this week
after a court ruling in a case not directly related to the police union's suit.
The ruling, curtailing lie-detector use, prompted Judge Thomas A. White of
Common Pleas Court to schedule a hearing Monday to review how the decision
applied to the police union's suit.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Kevin M. Tucker (AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Fla. doctor and Menendez friend is charged in Medicare fraud scheme

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 608 words

florida

Menendez friend charged with fraud

The Florida doctor charged in a political corruption case along with Sen. Robert
Menendez (D-N.J.) was indicted Tuesday in a 76-count Medicare fraud scheme.

Miami U.S. Attorney Wifredo Ferrer said Salomon Melgen, 60, was charged with 46
counts of health-care fraud as well as additional charges of filing false claims
and making false statements. Melgen is an ophthalmologist with offices in Palm
Beach and St. Lucie counties.

The indictment charges that he operated the fraud scheme between 2004 and 2013,
a period during which Melgen billed Medicare for more than $190 million and was
paid more than $105 million. In 2012 alone, health officials say he billed
Medicare $21 million, more than any other doctor in the nation.

Melgen has pleaded not guilty in the New Jersey corruption case, in which he is
accused of funneling nearly $1 million in gifts and campaign donations to
Menendez in exchange for political favors. Menendez also has pleaded not guilty,
and he is not implicated in the Medicare fraud case.

Melgen's attorney, Annie Lyons, declined to comment Tuesday on the Medicare
fraud charges.

- Associated Press

OKLAHOMA

Volunteer deputy turns himself in

A 73-year-old Oklahoma volunteer sheriff's deputy who authorities said fatally
shot a man after confusing his stun gun and handgun was booked into the county
jail Tuesday on a manslaughter charge.

Robert Bates surrendered to the Tulsa County jail and was released after posting
$25,000 bond. Bates's lawyer, Clark Brewster, told reporters that his client
would not make a statement.

The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office said Bates, an insurance executive who was
volunteering on an undercover operation in Tulsa, accidentally shot Eric Harris,
44, on April 2. Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler charged Bates on
Monday with second-degree manslaughter, punishable by up to four years in
prison.

- Associated Press

MILITARY

Air Force grounds training aircraft

The Air Force has grounded hundreds of its training aircraft because of a
potential malfunction in the engines' oil line, the military confirmed Tuesday.

The grounding includes all of the Air Force's T-6A Texas II aircraft, which is a
turboprop, single-engine, two-seat aircraft used to train pilots in basic flying
skills. Inspections will be done on 445 aircraft at five bases, and it's unclear
how long the planes will be out of commission, said Capt. Jason Smith, a
spokesman for Joint Base San Antonio.

The grounding affects Vance Air Force Base in Oklahoma, Columbus Air Force Base
in Mississippi, and the Laughlin, Randolph and Sheppard bases in Texas. Smith
said there have been no accidents or injuries related to the potential
malfunction.

- Associated Press

Missouri executes man for 1998 killing: A Missouri inmate was executed Tuesday
evening for killing a man in a fit of rage over child support payments in 1998.
Andre Cole was put to death at the state prison in Bonne Terre after the U.S.
Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming he was
mentally ill. Gov. Jay Nixon (D) refused a clemency petition that raised
concerns about the fact that Cole, who was black, was convicted and sentenced by
an all-white jury.

Dartmouth bars 'Animal House' fraternity: A Dartmouth College fraternity that
partly inspired the 1978 movie "Animal House" has been "derecognized" by a
campus judicial committee after reports that some new members received brands on
their skin. The committee found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to
members and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. The
fraternity has until Monday to appeal.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

Hawaii: UN Launches $4.3 Million Pacific Anti-Corruption Project

LENGTH: 444  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

In recognizing the importance of fighting corruption, the United Nations has
commenced a 4 year US$4.3 million Pacific Regional Anti-Corruption Project.

The Project, funded by the Australian Agency for International Development
(AusAID), is being jointly implemented by the United Nations Development
Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC).

The UNDP-UNODC Pacific Regional Anti-Corruption Project helps Pacific Island
Countries fight corruption by supporting the ratification and implementation of
the UN Convention against Corruption.

The Project builds on recent progress by Pacific governments to address
corruption, with nine countries in the region - Cook Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Fiji, Marshall Islands, Nauru, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Solomon
Islands and Vanuatu   now having ratified the Convention.

The Project is raising awareness and increasing understanding among political
leaders across the region on international anti-corruption standards, including
the requirements of the UN Convention.

The Pacific Regional Anti-Corruption Project is also working with communities
and the private sector to actively engage in the fight against corruption.

UNDP-UNODC support is also assisting Pacific Island governments to identify and
implement reforms including developing and enhancing their anti-corruption
policies, laws and institutions.

The joint UNDP-UNODC Project encompasses anti-corruption efforts in the Cook
Islands, Fiji, Federated States of Micronesia, Kiribati, Marshall Islands,
Nauru, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu and
Vanuatu.

The incoming Manager of the UNDP Pacific Centre, Peter Batchelor said, "
Corruption continues to be one of the most significant barriers to poverty
reduction and sustainable development both in the Pacific and around the world.
This Project is designed to respond to the unique needs and challenges of
fighting corruption in Small Island Developing States of the Pacific, drawing on
international lessons and experiences".

Jeremy Douglas, UNODC's Regional Representative for East Asia and the Pacific
said, "Corruption is a global phenomenon, and international experience
highlights the need for having dedicated resources and expertise to address this
multi-faceted challenge. This partnership brings together for the first time in
the Pacific the combined capacity of UNODC and UNDP, to help Pacific Island
Countries fight corruption for the longer-term benefit of their people."

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 21, 2010 Sunday

India: Cleveland deemed most miserable city in USA

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Feb. 21 -- Cleveland has won the dubious distinction of being the most
miserable city in the United States, according to a new poll.The Ohio city on
the Cuyahoga River has high unemployment, dismal weather, hefty taxes,
corruption and mediocre sports teams, all of which have propelled it to the No 1
position in the Forbes.com list."Cleveland nabbed the top spot as a result of
poor ratings across the board. It was the only city that fell in the bottom half
of rankings in all nine categories," Forbes said on it website."The city has
been dubbed with a less than endearing nickname: the Mistake by the Lake," it
added.The rankings are based on jobless rates, inflation, taxes, commuting
times, crime rates, performance by the city`s sports teams, weather, pollution
and corruption by public officials.The economic downturn with high unemployment,
foreclosures and bankruptcies hit cities across the United States last year
particularly in the Midwest section of the country.Crime and unemployment
secured the No. 2 spot for Stockton, which held the top position in last year`s
ranking.

Memphis captured third place thanks to its violent crime rate and the number of
convicted officials, while the ailing auto industry drove the Michigan cities of
Detroit and Flint into the top five."It (the list) is dominated by Midwestern
cities that formerly had large manufacturing bases," Kurt Badenhausen, of
Forbes."A lot of the cities that showed up on our list are going through hard
times right now, dealing with high unemployment, with declining manufacturing
bases. Many have experienced strong net migrations out of the city over the last
20 and 30 years."Despite it enviable weather, Miami scored in the bottom 10
percent in commuting time, corruption and violent crime which sent it into sixth
place. It also had the 10th worst foreclosure rate in the United States last
year at 7.2 percent."One of the biggest surprises is Miami. The good weather and
no state income taxes blur some of the severe problems that Miami has related to
crime and corruption, as well as long commutes," Badenhausen added.The Florida
sunshine mecca was followed in the miserable ranking by St Louis, Buffalo,
Canton, Ohio and Chicago, which has the country`s highest sales tax at 10.25
percent.New York, the nation`s biggest city, is rich in culture but it lengthy
commuting times and high income taxes pushed it into 16th place. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             May 20, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Staten Island prosecutor appears GOP favorite for attorney general

BYLINE: By Robert J. McCarthy - NEWS POLITICAL REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 442 words


While Democrats prepare for a bruising battle to nominate their candidate for
state attorney general, Republicans appear to be settling on Staten Island
District Attorney Daniel M. Donovan Jr. with no muss, no fuss.

Donovan officially announced his candidacy at the Buffalo Niagara Convention
Center this week and was immediately endorsed by Erie County Republican Chairman
Nicholas A. Langworthy and Niagara County Chairman Michael J. Norris. Now the
veteran prosecutor is readying an anti-Albany campaign that he says will
concentrate on rooting out public corruption in the scandal-plagued capital.

"I can no longer sit and watch what's happening in Albany, at the culture of
corruption and dysfunction that's destroying our state and just sit back and let
it happen," Donovan said. "It doesn't take a genius to know that if things don't
change soon, our state is headed for disaster."

Donovan, 53, was elected Staten Island district attorney in 2003, becoming the
first Republican to serve as a district attorney in New York City in more than
50 years. He easily won re-election in 2007 with nearly 68 percent of the vote
in the Democratic borough.

The new candidate rattled off a long list of disgraced state officials -- former
Gov. Eliot L. Spitzer, former Comptroller Alan G. Hevisi and former Senate
Majority Leader Joseph L. Bruno among them -- and asked why anyone should have
faith in such a government.

"New Yorkers need someone to stand up and say: Enough with the cheating, enough
with the collusion, enough with the corruption," he said. "Enough."

Donovan, who has been suggested for several other high offices, said he chose to
seek the state's top legal position to concentrate on public corruption. He
wants to expand the duties of the office to give the attorney general the power
to prosecute public officials gone astray.

"I believe all public corruption offenses should be prosecuted as felonies," he
said. "The attorney general should have original jurisdiction over all public
corruption cases -- anywhere and everywhere in our state. When someone violates
the public trust, they defraud us all."

State Republicans are expected to nominate Donovan at their gathering early next
month in Manhattan. A host of Democrats, meanwhile, are expected to battle for
their party's endorsement when they convene late this month in Westchester
County.

The Democratic candidates include State Sen. Eric T. Schneiderman of Manhattan,
Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice, former Insurance Superintendent
Eric Dinallo, Assemblyman Richard L. Brodsky of Westchester County, and former
federal prosector Sean Coffey.

e-mail: rmccarthy@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 19, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

When Corruption Hampers the Peace

SECTION: Section A;Page 22;Column 6;Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 167 words



To the Editor:

Re "Leaders in Bosnia Are Said to Steal Up to $1 Billion" (front page, Aug. 17):
Corruption deserves to be ranked with terrorism, proliferation and drug
smuggling, as it contributes to all of them. In country after country,
corruption sabotages growth and plays a huge role in high crime rates and
political instability. Its overall effects bear heavily on our worldwide
interests in democracy and human rights along with trade, investment and the
rule of law.

Obviously, corruption is so rooted in human nature and so endemic in some
societies that we can hope only to reduce it, not to end it. But even a small
reduction would justify a great effort. Possible first steps would include a
United States proposal for an international accord on reducing corruption and,
in the interim, a redirection of international assistance programs to focus on
the problem.

GEORGE A. MC FARLAND JR.
Austin, Tex., Aug. 17, 1999

The writer is a retired Foreign Service Officer.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 20, 1999, Friday

CORRECTION:

An editorial yesterday, based on the article, also referred imprecisely to the
loss of $1 billion. It should have said that total included Bosnian public funds
along with international aid.

State Department complaints about the Times coverage are reported today on page
A10.


TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 18, 1980, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Corruption of Officials Held Main Casino Peril

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: ATLANTIC CITY, June 17


The state's gaming enforcement director, Robert P. Martinez, said today the
Atlantic City area was ''prime pickings'' for prosecutors investigating official
corruption, and he predicted that ''blood will be thick on the pavement'' after
wrongdoing was prosecuted.

Mr. Martinez, with two weeks remaining as a state official, said official
corruption is a bigger threat than organized crime in Atlantic City.

''I am frankly shocked New Jersey is as much for sale as it is,'' Mr. Martinez
said. ''There's just prime pickings'' for prosecutors, he said.

In remarks to about 20 international casino industry executives and public
officials, Mr. Martinez also said the state had overregulated casinos by
demanding too much internal security.

Mr. Martinez will leave his three-year-old post June 30 to open a private law
practice in Trenton.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company

                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday

UK, USA concerned over "large-scale corruption" in Kenya

LENGTH: 215 words


Text of report entitled "We are watching you, USA and UK tell government" by
Kenyan newspaper The Standard on 24 January

USA and Britain want the government to investigate and prosecute those involved
in the Anglo Leasing scandal. The countries' missions termed the scandal as
"disturbing, but not surprising".

US envoy William Bellamy urged the government to act fast and decisively. "I
don't want to get into details, but we are going to watch carefully. I expect
the government to take seriously this information and will take steps to
decisively address this problem of official corruption."

The embassy spokesperson, Ms Jennifer Barnes, cautioned the government that its
reaction to the scandal will shape future relations. "How Kenya reacts will have
profound consequence on its relations with us. We will closely evaluate the
government's response," said Barnes.

She said the USA was following the unfolding events. "USA has been, and
continues to be, a strong supporter of democracy and improved governance".

And the British High Commission spokesperson, Mark Norton, said his government
was concerned with the "large-scale corruption" in the country. He said the UK
was concerned with the amounts involved in the Anglo Leasing scandal.

Source: The Standard, Nairobi, in English 24 Jan 06 p 5

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          September 11, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Gelber targets corrupt officials ;
 The Democratis calling for ethics laws and a strike force.

BYLINE: By DARA KAM Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


A former federal prosecutor vying to be Florida's next attorney general says the
state needs a multi-jurisdictional anti-corruption unit to clean up government.

"We need a dedicated public corruption unit that is looking over the shoulder of
state government," state Sen. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, said Friday in
proposing a strike force of state and federal prosecutors to crack down on
public corruption in Florida.

As part of his campaign, Gelber also is pushing an anti-corruption proposal that
he and Palm Beach County State Attorney Michael McAuliffe tried, unsuccessfully,
to pass a bill during the legislative session this spring.

That bill would have made it a crime for public officials to knowingly withhold
information about a financial interest that they or family members have in
anything they vote on or cause to take place.

McAuliffe convened a grand jury in 2009 that recommended an independent
inspector general and ethics commission to combat public corruption, steps that
Palm Beach County has since taken.

The measures were recommended after three county commissioners and two West Palm
Beach city commissioners were convicted on federal public corruption charges
during the previous three years, earning Palm Beach County the reputation of "
corruption county."

A fourth county commissioner, Jeff Koons, was forced from office this summer
after another grand jury convened by McAuliffe indicted him on state extortion
and perjury charges. He pleaded guilty to the charges a day later and was
sentenced to five years' probation.

Gelber said the state similarly needs to beef up its anti-corruption effort,
including creating new ethics laws, many of which lack criminal charges, and a
strike force with the authority to prosecute both federal and state laws and
file ethics complaints.

The responsibility of policing the Capitol falls to U.S. Attorney for the
Northern District Pamela Marsh and Leon County State Attorney Willie Meggs.

But Gelber said their offices are too small to oversee the executive branch and
160 lawmakers who have control of $65 billion budget.

"I've never heard of an entity of government this size that has nobody looking
over its shoulder," he said.

Meggs has been trying to prosecute former House Speaker Ray Sansom, R-Destin, on
grand theft charges alleging he inserted $6 million into the state budget in
2007, before he became House speaker, to pay for a combination emergency
operations center and airplane hangar to house a supporter's jets in Destin.

But the case is pending until a judge decides whether he can stay on the case in
the face of Sansom's and two co-defendants' accusations of prosecutorial
misconduct.

Gelber said the creation of a corruption strike force would be among his top
priorities if he is elected. He said that he's written letters to U.S. Attorney
General Eric Holder and Marsh asking that they establish the anti-corruption
unit and spend more money on resources to fight wrongdoing inside the Florida
Capitol.

Gelber's Republican opponent in the attorney general's race, former Hillsborough
County Assistant State Attorney Pam Bondi, could not be reached for comment.

~ dara_kam@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Your vote starts here  Get stories, endorsements, candidate profiles and
more PalmBeachPost.com/go/election

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Gov struck by the mud Albany dirt hurts his popularity

BYLINE: BY ADAM EDELMAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 466 words


GOV. CUOMO'S approval ratings have fallen to an all-time low, a poll released
Tuesday showed, as voters appeared to blame him for a highly publicized run of
corruption in Albany.

The latest Siena Research Institute survey found that only 41% of those polled
said they approved of his job performance, compared with 59% who said they did
not.

Last month, 44% in a Siena poll said they approved of his job performance
(compared with 55% who said they did not), while in June 2014, the groups were
split almost evenly.

Similarly, Cuomo's favorability rating dropped to 53%. That was down from the
56% who said they had a favorable opinion of him in April and 63% who said so
last June.

The current poll found also that 44% of those surveyed said they did not have a
favorable opinion of Cuomo - up from 39% last month and 31% in June.

The lower ratings appeared to be the result of a slew of high-profile corruption
cases, including charges against Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Senate
Majority Leader Dean Skelos.

A whopping 90% of those polled said corruption in state government is a
"serious" problem.

"Voters continue to see corruption in state government as a serious issue, with
half saying it's a very serious issue. One-third of voters think there's been
more corruption in the last four years than there was previously," Siena College
pollster Steven Greenberg said.

And voters appear to believe the continuing cases of legislative wrongdoing
aren't about to end any time soon.

"By a 55-35% margin - including majorities from every party and region - voters
say the recent indictments of former Speaker Sheldon Silver and former Majority
Leader Dean Skelos will not reduce corruption in Albany," Greenberg added.

Of those polled, 62% said corruption among their own state legislators was a
serious problem, while 57% said the level of corruption in state government over
the past four years is "about the same as it was previously."

"When it comes to reducing corruption, half - including a majority of Democrats
and those from New York City - say Cuomo has been at least somewhat effective,
while half say he has not been," Greenberg said.

Meanwhile, voters still pointed to jobs and the economy as the biggest issue on
their radar, with 30% saying that it was the most important item they wanted
their state legislators to work on.

Education was next at 27%, followed by corruption and ethics at 15%.

The poll was conducted May 18-21 among 695 registered voters.

GRAPHIC

STOCK ON SKIDS

Gov. Cuomo's approval ratings have fallen to an all-time low.

FAVORABILITY RATING:

Now 53%

Last year at this time 63%

JOB PERFORMANCE:

Now 41% approve

Last year at this time: 49% approve

ON CORRUPTION:

Now 90% say it's a "serious" problem in Albany.

August 2014 (last time it was asked) 86%

Source: Siena Research Institute

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Gov. Cuomo has seen approval ratings sink with rising stink in
Albany over busts of Dem and GOP leaders Sheldon Silver (News coverage below)
and Dean Skelos (bottom). Skelos was ousted as Senate majority leader after
arrest, with son, on corruption charges. MARK BONIFACIO/DAILY NEWS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.

                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

New York: Professor Michael Johnston's studies of corruption featured in
Washington Post

LENGTH: 129  words

DATELINE: Albany


Colgate University, The State of New York has issued the following News release:

The Washington Post published a "A state guide to political corruption" using
some of the research from Michael Johnston, the Charles A Dana professor of
political science who is a leading scholar on political corruption.

The findings are based on responses from 280 local reporters surveyed in the
first half of the year by Oguzhan Dincer, an associate economics professor at
the Illinois State University, and Johnston.

Johnston's work on corruption has been featured in the media in the past. Read
his op-ed on corruption here, and watch him discuss worldwide corruption below:

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

New York: Professor Michael Johnston's studies of corruption featured in
Washington Post

LENGTH: 129  words

DATELINE: Albany


Colgate University, The State of New York has issued the following News release:

The Washington Post published a "A state guide to political corruption" using
some of the research from Michael Johnston, the Charles A Dana professor of
political science who is a leading scholar on political corruption.

The findings are based on responses from 280 local reporters surveyed in the
first half of the year by Oguzhan Dincer, an associate economics professor at
the Illinois State University, and Johnston.

Johnston's work on corruption has been featured in the media in the past. Read
his op-ed on corruption here, and watch him discuss worldwide corruption below:

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                 March 3, 2014

Dishonesty by People in Positions of Trust Is Eroding Public Confidence

BYLINE: Mark Rosenman

SECTION: OPINION; Community

LENGTH: 1121  words

ABSTRACT

As Americans lose faith in nonprofits, government, and corporations, they won't
have the trust to invest their charitable dollars.

FULL TEXT

The growing scale of self-serving and dishonest action in both public and
private institutions is severely testing the trust and confidence of Americans.
Nonprofit organizations, government agencies, the courts, corrections systems,
corporations, and political leaders have all seen more abuses of money and power
these days than in decades.

At a time when growing inequality already strains the social fabric, it is all
the more worrisome that our society has been weakened by the corruption of
people in a vast array of high-profile institutions. The basic American belief
in fairness is now being undermined by the unchecked avarice of some in
positions of trust.

And that is a huge problem for philanthropy: It's not just the loss of trust in
nonprofits that is so potentially damaging. We all depend on public institutions
to assure us a reasonable quality of life and to tend to the neediest. But if
Americans begin to see public agencies as corrupt, how can we expect people to
support them? If officials are seen as out for themselves, who can we credit as
serving the common good? Who would we trust with our tax dollars and our
charitable contributions? Who would we depend on for justice?

Our deteriorating circumstances can be quickly characterized by some startling
data.

Compared with the early 1970s, Americans who have a "great deal" or "quite a
lot" of confidence in institutions, has fallen, some by more than 50 percent,
including banks, newspapers, medicine, and, of course, Congress-now at a low of
10 percent. Religion, the Supreme Court, schools, organized labor, and the
presidency have all seen confidence ratings fall by 25 percent or more.

And following a precipitous drop over 10 years ago, the most recent study found
that over a third of Americans have "not too much" or no confidence in
nonprofits.

Interestingly, the very few institutions that actually gained respect include
the military and, since polling started including them in the early 1990s, the
police and the corrections systems, now find themselves faced with new and
spreading corruption scandals.

First, the Navy scandal: Two officers and a senior investigative agent have been
arrested for taking bribes and kickbacks from contractors; others may be
implicated. A long series of grave misconduct charges has been leveled at senior
military officers for abusing their positions and accepting illegal gifts. With
his confidence as shaken as that of many other Americans, Defense Secretary
Chuck Hagel has demanded an investigation of "moral character and moral courage"
in the military.

The police, too, have experienced problems in recent years, and numbers seem to
be mounting. Ten Atlanta officers were charged or found guilty of using their
badges, guns, and positions in service to drug-dealers. Three D.C. police
officers were arrested for child pornography, prostitution, pandering, and
theft. A Kansas City officer was charged with coercing women into sex to avoid
arrest, and Tulsa has had to settle a police corruption and cover-up case for
hundreds of thousands of dollars.

The courts and the criminal-justice system also face scandals. Over 20
corrections officers in two state-run Maryland jails were arrested for
corruption, including racketeering and drug- and money-laundering conspiracies.
Similar cases occurred in Hawaii and Texas.

In D.C., the chief administrative law judge was brought up on ethics charges,
and over 100 District staff members were accused of filing false claims for
unemployment, safety-net payments, and tax refunds.

Before those of us in the nonprofit world point fingers, let's look at our own
organizations. A popular Philadelphia sports figure is accused of diverting
thousands of dollars from the Special Olympics while the founder of Cape Cod's
Touched by Angels is found guilty of embezzlement and fair-labor violations.

In October, The Washington Post reported on internal financial corruption in
over 1,000 nonprofit organizations in the face of charities' efforts to minimize
or bury incidents, in some cases without criminal complaint or serious recovery
efforts. In the aggregate, millions upon millions of donated and other dollars
disappeared from all kinds of charities, often without any public disclosure.
All of this has moved government officials in seven states and Congress to call
for investigations.

Still more nonprofit corruption was exposed when CNN headlined a Center for
Investigative Reporting and Tampa Bay Times report on fundraising, chronicling
the fact that officials of the 50 most abusive charities enriched friends and
cronies by spending under 4 percent of donations on direct needs.

For example, the Kids Wish Network reportedly used nearly $110-million in
contributions to pay solicitors and spent $4.8-million more on the charity's
founder and his own consulting firms-while spending under 3 percent of revenue
on sick kids. Our nation's key charity leaders declined to condemn these
practices.

And this litany of confidence-busting problems doesn't even begin to speak to
unpunished Wall Street corruption and heinous abuse by corporate America, be it
by pharmaceutical companies, chemical storage facilities, or unscrupulous
manufacturers. Nor does it speak to the illegal acts and abuse of authority by
state governors, recently indicted and otherwise, to the pay-to-play favoritism
of congressional and other campaign-contributing lobbyists or to the crimes and
moral lapses of elected officials around the nation.

And all of this costs us-in and beyond the nonprofit world. The growing lack of
trust is holding back the broad-based and more equitable economic improvement
needed to sustain democracy.

So what can be done? Nonprofit executives must take leadership; they must
condemn corruption and abusive practices wherever they are found, starting with
charity itself. They need to help the public better understand what is at stake
and demand that the authorities vigorously root out and punish corruption in all
sectors of our society, especially those that are expected to protect public
safety and security and those that provide for the neediest.

Charity executives must lead in demanding that government personnel, corporate
management, and nonprofit peers be held to a reasonable standard of behavior and
that corrupt conduct be prosecuted with a steely determination.

We need to help restore morality across our institutions so that Americans can
once again be confident of honesty and fair treatment without facing third-world
corruption.

Mark Rosenman is emeritus professor at Union Institute & University.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved

                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

BRIEF: Report: 144 federal agents on border investigated on corruption charges

BYLINE: Diana Washington Valdez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 217 words


Jan. 09--According to the Center for Investigative Reporting, 144 U.S. federal
agents at the border Southwest were investigated on various corruption charges,
47 of them in Texas and four in New Mexico.

Most of the charges against the agents were related to drug-trafficking, human
smuggling and bribery.

CIR journalist Andrew Becker reported that U.S. government documents revealed
that there was a backlog of hundreds of corruption investigations, and that some
of them languished until the statute of limitations expired.

A news daily based in Mexico City, El Universal, published the same information
on its website today, but charges a subscriber fee to read the entire account.
The information is current through 2011.

The CIR account with

maps and photographs can be viewed free of charge at
http://bordercorruption.apps.cironline.org/

According to Becker's investigation, 10 agents assigned to El Paso were
allegedly involved in corruption, five at the Zaragoza international bridge, two
at the Bridge of Americas, one at the Paso del Norte Bridge, and two to El Paso
overall.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at dvaldez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6140.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130109-EY-BRF-Report-144-federal-agents-on-border-investigated-on-
corruption-charges-0109-20130109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            January 25, 2009 Sunday

On trial After weeks of wrangling, the impeachment case against Gov. Blagojevich
is set to be aired

BYLINE: Mike Riopell;mike.riopell@lee.net

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 747 words


SPRINGFIELD - Six years ago, Gov. Rod Blagojevich was elected based on a promise
to end corruption.

Former Gov. George Ryan was in trouble with the law, so Blagojevich's pitch to
voters that he'd clean up state government was an effective one.

"That was the issue,'' said Jay Stewart, director of the Chicago-based Better
Government Association. "That's why he got elected.''

Now, the Illinois Senate is preparing to begin Blagojevich's impeachment trial,
a proceeding in which he'll be accused of political corruption and mismanagement
of government. Senate leadership says the trial, set to begin at noon Monday,
will go on as planned unless Blagojevich resigns first.

But the defiant governor has denied the accusations, which include claims
arising from his Dec. 9 arrest on federal corruption charges.

Among the litany of allegations, Blagojevich is accused of trying to sell
President Obama's then-vacant Senate seat, withholding state money from a
children's hospital and expanding state health care services without lawmakers'
consent.

Stewart said that given the governor's campaign from six years ago, the events
that could transpire next week were hard to see coming.

"He'll have to at least try,'' Stewart said as he thought of Blagojevich's
promises of reform. "History has shown I was utterly wrong.''

Blagojevich's lawyers have said they won't participate in the impeachment trial,
perhaps leaving the governor without a lawyer as the prosecutor presents
evidence to lawmakers. And one of the lawyers, Chicago attorney Ed Genson, has
abandoned Blagojevich completely.

The governor and his legal team have argued that the trial's rules are unfair
and don't presume innocence.

In an impassioned plea Friday, Blagojevich asked Senate leaders to change the
rules and allow him to call witnesses, including members of President Obama's
administration. He even compared the situation to the Wild West, where a horse
thief might be punished without a fair trial.

"They're just hanging me,'' Blagojevich said.

And he might be correct in his criticism that many senators, who serve as the
jury in the impeachment trial, already have made up their minds.

In Washington, D.C., on Monday, U.S. Rep. Debbie Halvorson, a Crete Democrat,
had no reservations about talking about Blagojevich's fate.

Halvorson, who was state Senate majority leader until winning her seat in
Congress in November, said she wouldn't hesitate to convict him if she were
still a senator.

"He'd be gone in 30 seconds," Halvorson said.

The Senate has set aside nine days for the trial. But if Blagojevich doesn't
have any lawyers arguing his side of the case, some lawmakers and observers have
questioned whether the trial would take more than several days.

"Common sense would dictate that if two parties can both put on a case, and one
party chooses not to, then that would by default make the proceedings shorter,''
said state Sen. Dale Righter, R-Mattoon.

Blagojevich on Friday said he didn't plan to attend the hearings because he
wasn't being allowed to call witnesses. The governor didn't defend himself at
the House's impeachment hearings, either.

Some lawmakers said the governor's absence made his impeachment an easier vote.
Lawmakers impeached Blagojevich by a 114-1 vote earlier this month.

"If I contended all the time I was innocent, I sure would have been there
telling people I was innocent,'' said state Rep. Pat Verschoore, D-Milan.

Blagojevich has made public statements, though, to argue for his innocence.

And he's planned a media blitz for Monday, including stops on ABC's The View and
Good Morning America, as well as a appearance with CNN's Larry King.

In one of his public statements shortly after the Illinois House first impeached
him, Blagojevich said his health care ideas were meant to help people and not an
impeachable offense, even if he angered lawmakers trying to implement them.

Friday, though, Blagojevich sought to make some different points, saying that
future governors will be crippled if they see lawmakers can impeach a governor
and oust him from office with relative ease.

His impeachment trial will be a historic event, unprecedented for Illinois
governors.

"This is much bigger than me,'' Blagojevich said.

"This will have a chilling effect on every governor in the future,'' he added.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Pantagraph

                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             March 10, 2008 Monday

Prostitution Case Features Prosecutors of Corruption

BYLINE: JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 648 words


Prosecutors specializing in government corruption cases are leading the
investigation into what authorities say was a prostitution service that charged
up to $5,500 an hour - suggesting that the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan
may have evidence that a public official hired a prostitute.

Federal prosecutors here recently unsealed a criminal complaint charging four
people with running Emperors Club VIP, which advertised itself as an escort
service. Prosecutors say the Emperors Club employed more than 50 high-end
prostitutes.

During a court hearing in the case, at which the four people were arraigned, it
emerged that all three of the assistant U.S. attorneys assigned to the
prosecution are part of the U.S. attorney's public corruption unit. One is the
bureau's chief, Boyd Johnson III. The unit investigates wrongdoing by both
elected and nonelected officials and bureaucrats at various levels of
government.

A spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan, Yusill Scribner,
would not comment when asked whether a public official was among the clients of
the Emperors Club. But the involvement of the public corruption unit raised
eyebrows among the defense lawyers.

"When we first got the case, we were surprised that these were the assistants
handling the case," said a defense attorney, David Gordon, who represents one of
two women alleged to have booked engagements for prostitutes.

Emperors Club billed itself as a service for wealthy men that provided
introductions to models as well as investment advice, according to its Web site,
which has been taken down. The business generated more than a million dollars in
revenue, prosecutors say, and $600,000 in cash was found at the New Jersey
apartment where the two main managers of Emperors Club, Mark Brener, 62, and
Cecil Suwal, 23, lived.

During the investigation, law enforcement sources intercepted more than 5,000
phone calls and text messages and accessed about 6,000 e-mails, the criminal
complaint said. The complaint makes no mention of a client list.

"Rumors are feeding rumors and I have no knowledge of anybody's little black
book, assuming this is even a prostitution case," Ms. Suwal's defense lawyer,
Daniel Parker, said. "Even if a black book existed, it's possible that it never
ever surfaces."

If such a black book does exist it could give rise to a scandal of the sort
Washington was treated to last year, when an accused madam, Deborah Palfrey,
made public the phone records connected to her escort service. A senator, David
Vitter, a Republican of Louisiana, apologized for "a serious sin in my past"
after his number was among those released.

Federal prosecutors do not generally go after the men who hire prostitutes, even
though, in some instances, cases could be made for conspiring to violate the
Mann Act, a 1910 law that forbids transporting prostitutes across state lines
and was also known as the "White-slave traffic act."

If all prosecutors find is that a public official hired a prostitute, "they're
going to take a pass, and they're not going to try to expose him," said one
former federal prosecutor in New York who spoke on condition of anonymity.

But lawyers said prosecutors might use that information to search for other
illegal conduct.

"If a public official is making $112,000 a year and he is spending $3,500 a
night on a call girl, you're going to ask some questions," a prominent defense
attorney who is not connected to the case, Edward Hayes, said, adding that the
"feds are in desperate straits if they're making call girl cases."

"If there are public officials involved, prosecutors will focus on that like a
laser beam to see if there is anything else going on," the former federal
prosecutor said. For instance, prosecutors could subpoena records connected to a
credit card used to hire a prostitute to see if any expenditures involved misuse
of state money or campaign funds.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             July 11, 2006 Tuesday

Here's a new way to judge the risk of investment

BYLINE: James Daw, Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D07

LENGTH: 770 words


Corruption in its many forms can distort and harm economies.

Fraud, bribery, influence peddling, bid rigging, stock manipulation, tax evasion
- even extreme salaries - can undermine confidence, the work ethic and the
collective good.

Now a pair of young researchers is proposing a new but rather mundane yardstick
of international corruption: parking infractions among diplomats in New York
City. The researchers have ranked 146 nations by the behaviour of emissaries for
five years prior to November 2002, when delegates to the United Nations lost
diplomatic immunity from local bylaws.

The period of immunity put each diplomat on the same footing, but all did not
all behave the same. The differences became evidence of the cultural norms at
home, at least in the eyes of Raymond Fisman of Columbia University's graduate
school of business and economist Edward Miguel of the University of California
at Berkley.

The two suggest that anyone looking to invest abroad should watch out for places
where friends of government are most likely to take a free ride, or parking
spot.

Fisman and Miguel are also studying whether the nation of origin affects
economic decisions of lowly taxi drivers plying their trade at John F. Kennedy
International Airport in New York.

"We find that this (parking ticket) measure is strongly correlated with existing
measures of home country corruption," the men write in Cultures of Corruption:
Evidence from Diplomatic Parking Tickets.

"Even when stationed thousands of miles away, diplomats behave in a manner
highly reminiscent of officials in the home country. Norms related to corruption
are apparently deeply engrained, and factors other than legal enforcement are
important determinants of corruption behaviour."

Canadians may be pleased to learn that our own diplomats were good Guides and
Scouts, along with representatives of 22 other nations who had zero tickets per
diplomat.

Many of New York's most respectful guests were from countries with economies
allowing the highest standards of living, such as Australia, Denmark, Ireland,
Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates and the United
Kingdom.

But other countries with equally good parking etiquette are not so wealthy, such
as Azerbaijan, Burkina Faso, Central African Republic, Colombia, Ecuador,
Greece, Israel, Jamaica, Latvia, Panama and Turkey.

The worst offenders were Kuwait, Egypt, Chad, Sudan, Bulgaria, Mozambique,
Albania, Angola, Senegal, Pakistan, Ivory Coast, Zambia, Morocco, Ethiopia,
Nigeria and Syria. All had more than 50 violations per diplomat over the
five-year period.

French diplomats ranked in the middle of the pack, on a par with India and Laos
and only slightly better than Vietnam, China, Portugal, Tanzania, Libya, Congo
and the Slovak Republic.

Fisman and Miguel noted a higher number of misdemeanours among nations that hold
the United States in low regard. Infractions dipped after the attacks on the
World Trade Centre, suggesting it was no time to stand out as a foreigner.

One glaring omission from the study was the United States of America itself, and
it would seem its ordinary citizens are no paragons of parking when visiting our
fair city.

American tourists paid only about 18 per cent of tickets they collected while in
Toronto last year. The only visiting drivers who showed less respect were our
fellow Canadians.

According to figures that city manager Shirley Hoy reported to municipal
counsellors in June, out-of-province Canadians paid fewer than 13 per cent of
their tickets, knowing the city has yet to get help to force payment.

Hoy's report did not deal with the city's 100 or so foreign consulates, but a
city spokesperson said there were a mere 81 tickets were waived last year under
a special program for visiting diplomats.

Respect for Toronto parking bylaws varied widely among both Americans and
Canadians. The highest rates of payment were 33 per cent among visitors from the
Northwest Territories and 35.7 per cent from North Dakota. The lowest rates of
payment were Alberta at 5 per cent out of 10,961 tickets and South Dakota at 2.3
per cent of 175.

Our closest neighbours, Quebec and New York, had the most tickets at 25,798 and
11,383 respectively. But these visitors also had among the highest rate of
payment, at 21.5 per cent and 19.4 per cent.

Apart from Quebec, no province's visitors showed as much respect for Toronto's
laws as people from New York, Michigan, Arizona, Kansas, Arkansas, West
Virginia, Wyoming, Delaware and Idaho.

The lesson is: watch where you park; you could ruin your reputation.

James Daw, CFP, appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 17, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Ala. mayor won't surrender records

BYLINE: Paul Leavitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 841 words


Mayor Richard Arrington of Birmingham, Ala., goes before a federal judge today
for refusing to produce personal appointment logs subpoenaed by a grand jury in
a City Hall corruption probe. Arrington, 57, says he is a victim of racist
prosecution. ''I just don't want to be railroaded,'' he said. The Rev. Abraham
Woods of the local Southern Christian Leadership Conference chapter called the
probe ''the lynching of an uppity Negro.'' Arrington last October got 63% of the
vote in winning a fourth term.

POLICE KILL HOSTAGE: Police in Portland, Ore., shot and killed a burglar and the
12-year-old boy he was holding hostage in a house. Police spokesman Derrick
Foxworth said two officers fired through a window when they thought they had a
clear shot at the suspect, who was holding Nathan Thomas hostage. It wasn't
known if the man was hit. Three other officers then rushed in and fired because
''the suspect appeared to be about to start slicing the boy's throat,'' Foxworth
said. ''This is a real tragedy,'' said Thomas Streckert, one of Thomas'
teachers. ''This kid was wholesome enough to do a milk ad.''

AIR GUARD GROUNDED: The Pentagon grounded all Air National Guard training
flights by fighter, attack and reconnaissance planes pending a safety review
that will take at least a week. Cited: three crashes in the past five days;
eight since Oct. 1. Six persons have died. Affected: 1,262 planes.

RAY SEX CHARGES: The wife of James Earl Ray said they had sex in prison for
years, but the convicted killer of civil rights crusader Martin Luther King Jr.
denied her claim and the warden where Ray is serving a 99-year sentence said he
doesn't believe Anna Sandhu Ray, 45. Ray told The Tennessean in an interview for
today's editions that he has never had sex with his wife, who he married while
in prison in 1978. ''I'm 63 years old, not 17,'' he said.

GUN VERDICT: A jury in Virginia Beach, Va., ordered Guns Unlimited to pay $
100,000 to the family of a teacher shot to death by a student using an illegally
purchased handgun. It's the nation's first jury verdict holding a gun store
liable for allowing a ''straw purchase,'' the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence
said. A straw purchase is one in which a gun is sold illegally through a third
party.

TEEN'S BATTLE: John Thompson, the Hurdsfield, N.D., farm youth who used a pencil
clenched in his teeth to summon help when he lost both arms in an accident last
week, now is battling infection. Surgeons reattached his arms, but he may never
have use of his hands. A family fund was set up at First State Bank of Goodrich,
P.O. Box C, Goodrich, N.D., 58444. The ZIP code was wrong in a report Thursday.

'SWEETHEART' CASE: Police in Kenosha, Wis., ended a 10-month mystery over the
true identity of the ''Sweetheart Swindler'' - a man of 80 aliases who is
accused of bilking thousands of dollars from 200 women in 28 states. Police said
the man, who gave his name as Robert Koch, is Alfred Barakett, 54, of
Trois-Rivieres, Quebec. Barakett, a twice-divorced former shirt factory worker,
is charged with forgery, attempted forgery, fraud and theft.

SNOWY PLOVERS: Federal officials identified 28 areas of coastal California,
Oregon, Washington and Mexico as breeding areas critical to the survival of the
western snowy plover, which the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service proposed for the
endangered species list. Less than 1,500 remain.

BARRY SUIT: Lawyers for Marion Barry filed a $ 5.5 million defamation suit
against U.S. prison officials. The former mayor of Washington, D.C., serving a
6-month sentence for possessing cocaine, last week was transferred from a prison
in Petersburg, Va., after officials determined a female visitor engaged in oral
sex with him.

ALSO THURSDAY ...

- L.A. CHIEF LIMITS: The Los Angeles City Council voted to limit the police
chief to 10 years on the job and give the council authority to fire the chief,
reforms proposed after police were videotaped beating a motorist last year.

- EXPOSURE DEATHS: Authorities in Nashville, Ind., were investigating the deaths
of Patricia Von Tellrop, 39 and her son, Jimmy, 6. She apparently walked nude
into the woods in 20-degree cold Tuesday, forcing Jimmy to come along and
stripping his pajamas off outdoors.

Pet cemetery owners convicted

A New York federal jury convicted the owners of a Long Island pet cemetery of
mail fraud for dumping 250,000 dog and cat carcasses to rot in mass graves.
Convicted: Sam Strauss, 71, of Boca Raton, Fla., and his son Alan, 36, of Dix
Hills, N.Y., who mailed brochures touting ''the nation's most beautiful pet
cemetery.'' They charged premium prices for individual pet cremations and
burials.
June Duart, wearing pins showing two dogs she paid to have cremated, was ready
to pop open champagne: ''Forty-five counts, all guilty,'' she said. ''I'm ready
to celebrate.'' The Strausses face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000
fine on each count.

Contributing: Andrea Stone, Mark Mayfield, Robert Davis and Sandra Sanchez

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; b/w, AP (3)

CUTLINE: HOSTAGE: Nathan Thomas, 12 CUTLINE: BARAKETT: Had 80 aliases CUTLINE:
DUART: Pet owner ready to celebrate convictions

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            August 22 1987, Saturday

Arrests mount in construction scandal: Corruption in New York

BYLINE: From CHARLES BREMNER

SECTION: Issue 62854.

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Yet another batch of arrests for bribery and extortion in New York has
heightened argument among prosecutors and officials over the seemingly
bottomless well of corruption in the city and state.

Twenty people, including six senior trade union officials and eight company
directors, were rounded up by the FBI on Tuesday and charged with bribery and
extortion in New York's billion-dollar-a-year construction industry.


After detailing a now familiar litany of allegations, Mr Edward McDonald, head
of the FBI's anti-corruption task force, said graft in the construction business
was systematic and pervasive. 'It goes on all the time throughout the city of
New York,' he said.

The latest round-up came after the arrests last week of 44 municipal officials
around the state on charges that they had accepted bribes and 'kickbacks' from
an undercover FBI agent who posed as a seller of road-building equipment. The
FBI said the local government officials has accepted 105 out of 106 bribes
offered to them. The unsuccessful pay-off was rejected only because the
recipient considered it was not enough. Most of the corruption cases have
involved New York city. In the past 18 months, more than 100 city officials have
been prosecuted or dismissed for alleged dishonesty. They have included a
borough chief executive who committed suicide, and a string of high officials
close to the Mayor, Mr Edward Koch.

Mr Mario Biaggi, New York's veteran Congressman, is awaiting trial on two
separate corruption cases, one involving a big city defence company that is
alleged to have paid off a senior political figure. Six state legislators are
under investigation for financial abuses, and the former mayor of the town of
Syracuse has been charged with serious corruption offences.

Mr Rudolph Giuliani, the Federal Government's chief 'crime-fighter' in New York,
says the city is gripped by a plague of graft that reflects a moral malaise
among public servants.

'There is a mound of evidence that something is terribly wrong with the
political system in New York,' he said.

Mr Giuliani, whose war against graft, gangsters and Wall Street wrongdoers has
won him a reputation as an Elliot Ness 'untouchable' blames the state
legislature for failing to pass tough laws that would end long-standing shady
practices and make the prosecutor's job easier.

But some politicians in the Democrat-controlled city accuase Mr Giuliani of
exaggerating as a manoeuvre to further his own alleged ambitions for political
office within the Republican Party. Mr Giuliani strongly denies this.

Local officials also put forward the argument that the numerous arrests are
proof that the existing laws are effective. The Government prosecutor and his
men point out - in private - that it is not the state authorities, but the
federal teams from outside, who are carrying out the clean-up.

Mr Mario Cuomo, the state Governor and a Democrat of national stature, has
challenged Mr Guiliani to come up with figures to prove his claims about New
York. 'It's not just New York. But everything we do is gigantic because of the
media exposure,' he said. 'Everything we do, our whispers become shouts.'

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited

                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

FBI offers ways to report public corruption [9:16 a.m.]

SECTION: NEWS; Breaking

LENGTH: 135 words


ALBUQUERQUE (AP)   The Albuquerque FBI and other law enforcement agencies are
making it easier for New Mexico residents to report suspected public corruption.



The FBI now has a hot line for reporting public corruption in New Mexico. People
can dial (505) 889-1580.

A recorded message asks them to leave their name and a brief message, and says
their report will be looked at.

Residents also can send a report of public corruption electronically by going
online to https://tips.fbi.gov or emailing AQ.FBI(at)ic.fbi.gov.

The Albuquerque FBI office also has created online questionnaires that can be
used to identify public corruption.

The FBI says public corruption includes not only corrupt public officials but
also such things as border corruption, economic stimulus fraud or abuse of
government contracting authority.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 3, 2015, Wednesday

TWO-MINUTE Drill

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 374 words


Quote

"I'm not governed by the fear of what other people say."

CHIP KELLY

Philadelphia Eagles coach, responding to questions about his team's offseason
moves, which included trading LeSean McCoy and Nick Foles and signing Tim Tebow

Names in the games

Blatter says he'll resign as FIFA president

FIFA President Sepp Blatter will resign from soccer's governing body amid a
widening corruption scandal and promised Tuesday to call for fresh elections to
choose a successor.

Blatter, 79, was re-elected to a fifth term on Friday, two days after a
corruption crisis erupted and seven soccer officials were arrested in Zurich
ahead of the FIFA congress.

"This mandate does not seem to be supported by everybody in the world of
football, Blatter said Tuesday at a hastily arranged news conference in Zurich.
"FIFA needs a profound restructuring.

Elections are expected to take place sometime between December and March.

Goodell will hear Brady appeal on June 23

NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell made it official Tuesday: He will hear Tom
Brady's appeal of his four-game suspension.

The league suspended the Patriots quarterback for his role in the use of
deflated footballs by New England in its AFC championship game victory over
Indianapolis in January. The players' union said Goodell should recuse himself
from hearing the appeal because he can't be impartial and could be called as a
witness.

But Goodell cited the "integrity of the game and his "responsibility under the
labor agreement to "serve as hearing officer in any appeal involving conduct
detrimental to the integrity of the game.

The appeal will be heard June 23.

Peterson back in purple

Adrian Peterson put on his Minnesota Vikings jersey for the first time in nine
months on Tuesday. The star running back says he has learned a lot from the
mistake he made when he struck his 4-year-old son with a wooden switch.

Peterson practiced with the Vikings on Tuesday, then told reporters he has met
all the requirements that came from pleading to a misdemeanor that caused him to
miss the final 15 games of last season. He says he apologized to the son he
struck immediately after the incident and has a great relationship with him
today.

- The Associated Press

Today's birthday

Al Horford, 1986 Atlanta Hawks center

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 23, 2012 Sunday

Press selection list for Afghan newspapers 23 Dec 12

LENGTH: 1540 words


Newspapers published in Kabul

Hasht-e Sobh (independent)

1. Editorial entitled "Why president is criticizing?" criticizes the Afghan
president for only blaming the West for corruption in Afghanistan. It says
foreigners' involvement in corruption cannot justify the corruption by Afghan
officials. (p2, 600 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Haqbin entitled "Britain portraying insurgents insignificant" says
the remarks of British prime minister about weakness and Taleban's defeat in
Helmand is justified, adding that Taleban's momentum and presence has waned in
Helmand. It also says Britain stresses the need for dialogue in Afghanistan.
(p4, 800 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Report entitled "Steel mill factory is to be built in Herat" says the project
will cost 12m dollars and will be completed in three months. (p5, 400 words in
Dari, NPP)

4. Article by Assadollah Timouri from Herat entitled "Rise in drug-related
crimes in Herat" quotes spokesman for Counter-Narcotics Special Tribunal as
saying that they have sent nearly 403 cases drug-related crimes to judicial
bodies, the majority of them in Herat. (p4, 1000 words in Dari, NPP)

Arman-e Melli (close to National Union of Journalists of Afghanistan)

1. Editorial entitled "Taleban conditions" strongly criticizes the Taleban for
not showing green light to peace process after Paris talks, adding that Taleban
are servants and stooges of Pakistan. (p1, 600 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Report entitled "Taleban stressed peace and dialogue rather than war in Paris
talks" quotes Taleban spokesman as saying in a statement that the group wants
change in Afghan constitution and calling for withdrawal of foreign forces
before peace talks. (pp1,4, 600 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Report entitled "Leaking identities of graft-tainted institutions and
individuals" points to the names and type of corruption of various Afghan
organizations involved in corruption over the past years. (p1, 300 words in
Dari, NPP)

4. Article by Mehrodin Mashid entitled "Foreigners' corruption, a new pretext to
justify corruption of palace insiders" slams both the Afghan government and the
West for involvement in corruption in Afghanistan. (p2, 3000 words in Dari, NPP)

Sarnawesht (private)

1. Editorial entitled "Can corruption be tackled only with foreigners'
withdrawal" supports Afghan president's remarks, blaming the West for major part
of corruption in Afghanistan. (p2, 600 words in Pashto, PROCESSING)

Newspapers published in Kandahar

Tolo-e Afghan (state run)

20 Dec

1. Report says higher education ministry officials visited Kandahar Province to
meet provincial authorities. (p 1 280 words in Pashto, NPP)

2. Report says 5,000 houses will be built for homeless people in Kandahar. (p 1
300 words in Pashto, NPP)

3. Report says Kandahar governor insists on the need for religious scholars to
enlighten the minds of people. (p 1 450 words in Pashto, NPP)

4. Report says 33 schools have been reopened in Helmand Province. (p 2 140 words
in Pashto, NPP)

5. Report says thousands of jeribs of land have been freed from poppy
cultivation in Helmand Province. (p 2 230 words in Pashto, NPP)

Mandegar (private)

1. Report entitled "Do not feel guilty, corruption is other people's work"
comments on President Karzai remarks at a gathering in Kabul on the occasion of
International Anti-Corruption Day. (pp1, 6 500 words in Dari, NPP)

2. Editorial entitled "Returning to the past is unacceptable" comments on the
peace process between the Afghan government and the Taleban, saying that the
government should not make peace with them if they fail to accept the
constitution or respect human rights and democracy. It adds that Pakistan and
the USA are trying to achieve their own goals in peace talks. (p2, 600 words in
Dari, PROCESSING)

3. Article by Ahmad Emran entitled "Obvious contradictions in Taleban and Hezb-e
Eslami stances" criticizes the Taleban and Hezb-e Eslami for making
contradictory remarks in peace talks, saying that as far as the peace talks are
concerned, they are either inflexible or turn a blind eye to facts about our
society. (p2, 12, 00 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

4. Unattributed article entitled "Paris Conference incomplete" quotes Mawlawi
Attaollah Ludin, the deputy High Peace Council head, as saying that the Paris
Conference was incomplete because not all political parties participated. It
also quotes him as saying that they support any conference aimed at ensuring a
viable peace in Afghanistan. (pp1, 6, 700 words in Pashto, PROCESSING)

Hewad (state-run)

1. Editorial entitled "Foreigners big factor in major corruption in country"
says both Afghan and foreign circles are involved in corruption in Afghanistan
and urges the government and international community to take drastic measures to
combat corruption. (p2, 400 words in Pashto, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Tamim entitled "Afghan government should ask Pakistan for
information as to whether Mullah Beradar is dead or alive" says some reports
suggest that Pakistan has killed Mullah Beradar, the second-in-command of the
Taleban. (p2, 600 words in Pashto, PROCESSING)

3. Article by Azizi entitled "Human rights bodies' concerns over rise of
abduction and kidnapping". (p2, 500 words in Pashto, NPP)

4. Article by Nuri entitled "USA should continue its assistance to Afghanistan"
urges the US government to continue its long-term assistance to Afghanistan
after NATO pullout in 2014. (p2, 500 words in Pashto, NPP)

The Daily Afghanistan (private)

1. Article by Hafizollah Zaki entitled "Where are roots of corruption?" comments
on a gathering in Kabul on the occasion of International Anti-Corruption Day. It
says Afghans are more involved in corruption than foreigners. (p4, 500 words in
Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Hadi Sadeqi entitled "Will NGOs be responsible?" slams the
government for failing to control activities of NGOs over the past decade. It
says that this is regarded as one of the reasons behind slow reconstruction
process and government's failure to improve people's living conditions. (p4, 550
words in Dari, NPP)

3. Article by Raha Nikain entitled "Terrorism and its complicated nature in
Afghanistan" says the war on terrorism has now become complicated and that is
why it has not yet produced any positive results. (p5, 1,000 words in Dari, NPP)

Anis (state-run daily)

1. Editorial entitled "Convergence to address problems" calls on all Afghans to
get united and work for the country and says that it is a good opportunity for
all warring sides to sit at negotiating table and work to ensure stability in
the country. (p1, 400 words in Dari, NPP)

2. Article by Ferdows Kawyan entitled "USA to stay in Afghanistan until 2024
aiming to fight terrorism in Afghanistan" stresses close relations between
Afghanistan and the USA, and says that Afghanistan needs a powerful ally in this
situation as intelligence agencies of some foreign countries are trying to
disrupt security in the country. (p2, 1,200 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Report entitled "Political analysts: USA and international community should
continue exerting pressure on Pakistan" quotes a number of political parties as
calling on the international community and the USA to put more pressure on
Pakistan to honestly fight terrorism and stop interfering in Afghanistan. (p2,
1,300 words in Dari, NPP)

Weesa (pro-government daily)

1. Editorial entitled "Ethnic dealers are void of agenda to address Afghan
crisis" slams the recent Paris conference on Afghanistan for ethnic bias in
inviting personalities to attend the conference. (p2, 650 words in Dari,
PROCESSING)

2. Article by Shafiqi criticizes some foreign countries for triggering ethnic
crisis in Afghanistan. (pp1,3, 1,500 words in Pashto, NPP)

3. Article by Feda Mohammad Fayez entitled "Continuation of war and
administrative corruption, two major challenges facing Afghanistan" urges
finding a proper solution to address the two problems. (p4, 1,200 words in
Pashto, NPP)

4. Report entitled "Analysts: Participants in Paris Conference are not
representatives of ethnic groups in Afghanistan" quotes a number of Afghan
analysts as saying that participants in the Paris Conference are not in fact
representatives of ethnic groups in Afghanistan, but they are involved in
continued war in Afghanistan. (pp1,5, 400 words in Pashto, PROCESSING)

Mojahed (weekly affiliated with Jamiat-e Eslami party)

22 December

1. Editorial entitled "Two important incidents on 21 and 26 December" praises
the former Afghan president, Ustad Borhanoddin Rabbani, for peaceful handover of
power to President Karzai 11 years ago. It also condemns Soviet invasion of
Afghanistan, and says that the Afghan nation stood against that country and
defeated it. (p2, 700 words in Dari, NPP)

2. Article by Wahid Mozhda entitled "Will closed-door Paris conference open a
door to peace" is optimistic that such conferences on Afghanistan will increase
optimism about a bright future in post-2014 Afghanistan. It says that the Paris
conference was a good opportunity for all Afghan warring sides to exchange views
and understand one another's viewpoints on Afghanistan. The article also says
that foreign intelligence agencies may pursue their own goals by holding such
conferences on Afghanistan. (p2, 1,200 words in Dari, NPP)

Source: As listed

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 22, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

New York Needs Stronger Anti-Corruption Laws

BYLINE: By Elizabeth Holtzman; Elizabeth Holtzman is Brooklyn District Attorney.

SECTION: Section 1; Page 23, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 786 words


In the last month, New York City has been rocked by a still unraveling story of
public corruption. The allegations, while disturbing, are not surprising.

New York State laws against public corruption are embarrassingly weak. They
effectively prevent state prosecutors from conducting aggressive investigations.

These failings have created a shield behind which corruption flourishes -a
shield that must be shattered.

Our laws must clearly signal that official corruption is wrong and will be
punished severely.

Moreover, state prosecutors must be given the investigative tools necessary to
carry out this mandate.

Just as Watergate abuses prompted important national reforms a decade ago,
today's scandals in New York City should spur needed state reforms.

But changes should not be limited to New York City alone. Scandals have erupted
across the state: conviction of a political party leader for extortion, a 1
percent kickback scandal in Nassau County, a sewer scandal in Suffolk County, a
Federal contract scandal involving party and public officials in Niagara and
Erie Counties.

The following measures should be taken immediately:

First, whistle-blowers who uncover corruption must be protected.

Under state law, government employees who report virtually all forms of
corruption to the authorities or the press can be fired or penalized. This is
intolerable. The state needs comprehensive protective legislation comparable to
that on the Federal level. Oddly, when presented with this option two years ago,
the Legislature rejected it, sending a message to whistle-blowers across the
state -that cover-up of corruption was preferable to disclosure.

Second, the state bribery statute must be expanded to cover influence peddling.

It does not apply to officials who sell their influence for money. Thus, a local
legislator who takes $20,000 for using his or her influence with a local
government executive to get a public contract for a political crony cannot be
convicted of bribery. This is ludicrous. The Federal bribery law prohibits the
sale of public influence, and the state's should, too.

Third, New York prosecutors' hands must be untied.

Grand juries, which have the power to subpoena individuals, are often crucial to
thorough investigations. But under state law, when witnesses come before a grand
jury they can never be prosecuted for crimes that are the subject of their
testimony. Since prosecutors do not want to give immunity from prosecution to
witnesses who may turn out to be guilty of corruption, important witnesses with
vital information may not be called to the grand jury. The state should
immediately adopt the Federal system, which grants more narrowly defined
immunity, allowing grand juries to investigate aggressively.

Fourth, real teeth must be put into New York State's fraud laws.

The Federal mail fraud statute has been crucial in fighting official corruption.
New York State's laws aren't nearly as good, or tough. Even the worst fraud
cases are minor felonies. State laws treat defrauding government no more
seriously than defrauding an individual. As a result, defrauding the state or
any local government entity is at most a misdemeanor. New York should increase
the penalties; jail time should be mandatory for serious cases.

Fifth, improved scrutiny over, or checks on, the appointment process in local
government are needed.

At the very least, confirmation should be required for appointments at the
commissioner level - which is not the case in New York City now. Perhaps, too,
screening of nominees should be required by blue-ribbon panels composed of heads
of local universities, law schools and civic groups.

Sixth, the contract award system must be overhauled.

At present, scrutiny for conflict of interest is minimal and disclosure
requirements inadequate. More-stringent controls must be placed on awarding of
public contracts, especially when there is no competitive bidding.

Finally, while implementing these suggestions would be an important victory in
the battle against corruption, they may not be enough.

The whole structure of state laws and administrative practices relating to
public corruption needs examining immediately.

Governor Cuomo has an important opportunity to confront this problem by
establishing a task force to review the situation and propose additional
reforms.

Too many people say that nothing can be done about corruption, but they are
wrong.

Implementing the proposals outlined here would go a long way toward ending the
statutory coddling of official corruption in this state. In addition, it would
take the handcuffs off state prosecutors and allow them to combat this serious
problem more effectively.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company

                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 5, 2006 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GET RID OF IT ALL!!. POLS MOVE QUICKLY TO DITCH CASH FROM CONVICTED LOBBYIST

BYLINE: BY KENNETH R. BAZINET DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU With Michael McAuliff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 492 words


WASHINGTON - President Bush and lawmakers from both parties rushed yesterday to
return money from disgraced ex-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, scrambling to distance
themselves from Washington's biggest corruption scandal in years.

Abramoff pleaded guilty to corruption charges for a second day as Washington's
politicians scurried to avoid being connected to the Republican lobbyist who
shook down Indian tribes and concealed business deals to line his pockets with
millions of dollars, much of it tax-free.

Bush will give $6,000 in campaign contributions he received from Abramoff to the
American Heart Association, but he had no immediate plans to return more than
$100,000 the former lobbyist helped raise for his 2004 campaign, officials said.

Rep. Tom DeLay (R-Tex.) will redirect $15,000 in donations by Abramoff and his
wife to local charities.

The feds are probing whether DeLay and former top aide Tony Rudy accepted
illegal trips and gifts from Abramoff in exchange for favorable legislation.

"Crooks like Abramoff can flourish in the environment on Capitol Hill where
lobbyists and their clients offer lawmakers campaign contributions and gifts,"
said Frank Clemente of the watchdog group Public Citizen.

Accepting the money was not illegal, but lawmakers found to have done political
favors in exchange for the cash could face charges. Twelve to 15 lawmakers are
under investigation for allegedly conspiring with Abramoff, a federal official
told the Daily News.

Rep. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), who took over as House GOP leader after DeLay was
indicted in a separate political corruption case in Texas, also planned to give
charities $8,500 in Abramoff money.

Senate GOP Leader Bill Frist of Tennessee planned to hand back $2,000 he got
from the Saginaw Chippewa tribe, which was represented by Abramoff.

Senate Democrats Dick Durbin of Illinois and Max Baucus of Montana also planned
to donate money linked to Abramoff.

Among New Yorkers, Democratic Sen. Hillary Clinton and Reps. Nita Lowey
(D-Westchester), Charles Rangel (D-Harlem), Eliot Engel (D-Bronx) and John
Sweeney (R-Clifton Park) all plan to donate or return Abramoff-related
contributions.

But ignoring the frenzy, Rep. Patrick Kennedy (D-R.I.) said he long has backed
American Indian issues and didn't plan to return thousands of dollars from
tribes represented by Abramoff.

Abramoff, meanwhile, pleaded guilty in federal court in Miami to conspiracy and
wire fraud, admitting he and business partner Adam Kidan forged documents to get
a $60 million loan to buy the SunCruz fleet of gambling ships in 2000.

It was the second part of a two-day plea bargain that Abramoff accepted instead
of facing the prospect of the next 30 years behind bars. He pleaded guilty
Tuesday to conspiracy, tax evasion and mail fraud. Abramoff would likely serve
no more than 11 years under the deal, which requires that he finger the
politicians who accepted his gifts and worked to pass his legislation.

kbazinet@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: REUTERS Disgraced ex-lobbyist Jack Abramoff arrives at the federal
courthouse in Miami yesterday, where he pleaded guilty to corruption charges.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.

                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 12, 2008 Friday

BYLINE: BRIAN DUGGAN Bismarck Tribune N.D. says the only thing corrupt i

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 706 words


First Illinois. Now North Dakota.

Plenty of head scratching was happening at the state Capitol on Thursday after
USA Today ran a story with the headline: "North Dakota tops analysis of
corruption."

Where's Illinois federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald when you need him?

The story found that, based on the 53 federal public corruption convictions
between 1998 and 2007 in North Dakota, there were 8.3 convictions per 100,000
people in the state - the most in the nation. Illinois had 3.9 per 100,000,
according to the story, ranking it 18th overall.

A little context: North Dakota has about 640,000 people. Illinois has 12.8
million and 502 federal corruption convictions between 1998 and 2007.

As for North Dakota's company in USA Today's analysis: At No. 2 is Louisiana,
with 7.7 convictions per 100,000 people, home to disgraced Democratic Rep.
William Jefferson. And No. 3 is Alaska, with 7.5 convictions per 100,000 people,
home to the recently convicted Republican Sen. Ted Stevens.

Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem called the article "patently ridiculous" on
Thursday, adding among the most recent examples of high-profile federal
convictions in North Dakota are the six Twin Butte school district members
convicted of misusing school funds.

"I think everyone would agree that a group of local school board officials is
far different than a governor accused of selling a U.S. Senate seat," said
Stenehjem, referring to Gov. Rod Blagojevich, who federal authorities arrested
on Tuesday for trying to profit off of President-elect Obama's vacated Senate
seat.

He's the second Illinois governor to wind up with federal charges this decade.

As for the article in USA Today: "This is what happens when you have somebody
who takes statistics and doesn't do any analysis or comparison or puts anything
into context," Stenehjem said.

While U.S. Attorney Drew Wrigley was unavailable for comment Thursday, other
state officials expressed their confusion over the corruption article.

"You gotta be kidding me," Secretary of State Al Jaeger said. "Boy, I've lived
here all my life. I can't think of anybody who's been nailed for something."

Russell Mokhiber, editor of the weekly Washington-based newsletter Corporate
Crime Reporter, said his organization ran a similar story in 2004 that pegged
North Dakota as a hotbed of public corruption, with 45 federal convictions
between 1993 and 2002.

Columnist and former Lt. Gov. Lloyd Omdahl responded with a column in 2004
critical of the newsletter's finding, writing that many of those federal
convictions stemmed from American Indian reservations, based on a letter he
received from the state's U.S attorney.

"First of all, Indian reservation are not state entities, nor are they political
subdivisions of the state, so employees of casinos are not public officials
engaged in official public duties," Omdahl wrote.

In the Corporate Crime Reporter's 2007 report, Mokhiber said his newsletter only
included the 35 most populated states because of the statistical unfairness on
sparsely populated states like North Dakota. The report found that Louisiana,
followed by Mississippi and Kentucky, are the country's most corrupt states.

"We learned from our mistake when we crunched our numbers," he said. "What your
columnist wrote we took to heart; we agree that North Dakota is not the most
corrupt state."

Dana Harsell, a University of North Dakota political science professor, said
calculating corruption on a per capita basis isn't exactly fair for states like
North Dakota.

"I'm not sure if it gives a true measure of the extent of corruption," Harsell
said. "We have one of the most accessible open-access laws in the country."

As for corrupt North Dakota state officials, State Historical Society Editor
Kathy Davidson could think of one outstanding North Dakota politician: Gov.
William Langer.

He was convicted of federal corruption charges in the early 1930s for diverting
federal funds to political matters. He was later exonerated of the charges,
re-elected to the governor's office in 1935 and went on to the U.S. Senate and
served there until 1959.

So what happened since then? "We've just got boringly honest," Davidson said.

(Reach reporter Brian Duggan at 223-8482 or brian.duggan@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 28, 1998, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

On Politics;
While looking for scapegoat, too many chew up the South

BYLINE: Tom Baxter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 09A; Pg. 09A Tom Baxter

LENGTH: 616 words


Here's Emmett Tyrell, conservative editor of the American Spectator, thundering
against the Clinton White House:

"The fundamental issue of the day is political corruption. . . . The corruption
of a one-party Southern state has come to Washington and it is time for
Republicans and Democrats to take heed. . . ." And here is Christopher Caldwell,
writing in the latest Atlantic Monthly, diagnosing the troubles of the
Republican Party, which he sees as hostage to the National Rifle Association and
the Christian Coalition:

"There is a big problem with having a Southern, as opposed to a Midwestern or a
California, base. Southern interests diverge from those of the rest of the
country, and the Southern presence in the Republican Party has passed a 'tipping
point' at which it began to alienate voters from other regions." Not only does
the South come in for an amazing sweep of the blame for Washington's assorted
problems in these two examples, but the language --- Caldwell's article is
titled "The Southern Captivity of the Republican Party" --- bears a remarkable
resemblance to the rhetoric of Northern editorial pages in the 1850s that
condemned the South as fundamentally corrupt. The ascription of both Democratic
corruption and Republican narrow-mindedness to Southern roots reflects a
cultural antagonism that goes back a long way. It's probably not coincidental
that the recent emergence of a more outspoken anti-Southernism comes after a
long period of Southern ascendance. The South is now the nation's leading region
economically, and The New York Times' Arts section announced on a recent Sunday,
with what seemed a trace of concern, that the region has come to dominate the
nation's popular culture. It has nearly always wielded disproportionate
political power, and this remains true today. Despite dealing from an
unprecedented position of strength, however, Southerners remain very sensitive
to criticisms of their region. Witness Zell Miller's recent spat with Jane
Fonda, and Frances Coleman's extraordinary admission of relief, in a
Constitution op-ed piece Wednesday, that the latest school shooting happened in
Oregon and not some Southern town. Caldwell's article is a well-reasoned
analysis of the GOP's dilemma, but it's not the many things he gets right that
is worth noting so much as his clear statement of one of the great mass
delusions in American thought. The cultural clash between the South and the rest
of the country, he says, "arises from the Southern tradition of putting values
--- particularly Christian values --- at the center of politics." That is
preposterous. To believe it, one must ignore nearly every development in
American history from the landing of the Pilgrims to the legalization of video
poker in South Carolina. Yet Southerners and Northerners alike probably would be
inclined to accept the statement without much thought, and this touches on what
makes the South such a malleable scapegoat. Despite massive cross-migration, the
South retains its identity --- both for good and ill --- as a distinct Other in
the larger American psyche, a heightened reflection of the whole that is at once
more promiscuous, violent and drunken, more moralistic, intolerant and
teetotaling. That there are now a string of transplanted Souths from California
to Michigan, and that one can traverse large stretches of the Old South without
hearing a Southern accent is beside the point. It may be harder to draw on a
map, but the South endures not only as a state of mind, but, for some, a
convenient means of locating a multitude of the country's problems.
tbaxter@ajc.com We want to hear from you, but are unable to acknowledge each
message.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution

                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 24, 2014 Monday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Corruption knows no region or party

BYLINE: BY STANLEY CROUCH

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 618 words


If you make a point that runs against the grain of an ideologue, you can be sure
you will be branded a shill who hates this country and capitalism - if not a
certified servant of contemporary slave masters.

Ideologues, both on the so-called right and the so-called left, care more about
their world-views than about the facts; they refuse to accept the fact that the
blues run both ways.

But truth is so much more compelling than dogma ever allows.

The support and allegiance of ideological allies couldn't change the fact that
Mayors Kwame Kilpatrick of Detroit and Ray Nagin of New Orleans were both guilty
of sordid corruption. That is not about their skin color or that of their
accusers; their trials simply exposed the fault lines of the human condition.

The 28-year prison sentence Kilpatrick got last year is no joke. It was proof of
arrogance, and a petty obsession with continuing to live his high-school life
out with an old sweetheart. He seemed to expect an award for pretending to be
the victim of racial insult. Yeah, right.

Nagin called his town "Chocolate City," and berated the Bush administration for
not acting fast enough and competently enough to handle the floods.

Nagin was correct on this, but his far-from-subtle race baiting was mightily
disturbing.

We outside of New Orleans now know that was only part of the story - because,
frankly, Nagin marinated in corruption well before the big waves brought so much
hell to the Crescent City.

Big Ray was recently found guilty of a staggering 20 counts of bribery, money
laundering and giving millions in New Orleans city contracts to those who
fattened his pockets until they nearly split. His sentence may catch
Kilpatrick's at the curve and result in even more prison time.

There is always too much for sale in our nation, and however much we are
learning about that in New Jersey, there is an even more obvious corruption tale
going on way down yonder in North Carolina, where toxic pollution created by
coal ash is known to smell as it rises from water all over the state.

Those loving to claim Republicans are only attacked because of media bias may
have to stuff it when Gov. Pat McCrory's state is examined. Years before being
elected, and for nearly three decades, the governor worked for a profitable coal
company called Duke Energy.

Now, when confronted with the contempt the company seems to have for federal
regulation and environmental laws, the governor's investigators decided that the
company needed no more than petty fines.

But big pollution troubles came on the day of the Super Bowl, mucking up too
much water to be ignored. The feds are now looking at the company's history and
its relationship to state government. Subpoenas are flying.

The Confederate narrative still common throughout the South - of always
suspecting government power, especially if it is located in Washington - is
harder to swallow when throats are being told not to consume the local water.

Local government has failed them, just as it has failed the people of New
Jersey. Gov. Chris Christie made so much noise when Congress stalled in
providing disaster money - then incompetently managed the funds when they
finally came. What actually arrived late was honesty.

So whom can the people trust, North or South? Perhaps they can trust honest
people when they can find them, no matter which side of the aisle they seem to
enjoy grazing on.

Thomas Jefferson, James Madison and the rest of those "dead white men" provided
us with the documents necessary for law and order. Obey it, be voted out of
office, or, if nothing else works, be prepared to have a prison suit put on your
back.

Hair shirts are loved by neither donkeys nor elephants.

crouch.stanley@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN; OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.

                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                  September 19, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Hong Kong's anti-corruption forces 'to stay' after handover: The colony's
solicitor-general says China respects the agency.

BYLINE: WYNG CHOW, SUN ASIA-PACIFIC REPORTER; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 378 words


Hong Kong's anti-corruption forces will survive next July's handover of the
Crown colony to China, predicts the territory's first non-British
solicitor-general.

During a visit to Vancouver this week, Daniel Fung said that Hong Kong's
acclaimed Independent Commission Against Corruption -- formed about 20 years ago
in a bid to stamp out corruption in the public service -- is highly respected by
China.

"It is not emphasized enough that China considers corruption to be a major
problem that needs to be tackled," Fung said in an interview.

"Hong Kong would lose its [international] competitive edge if we were to succumb
to corruption."

With Hong Kong's return to Chinese sovereignty less than 10 months away, many
people have expressed fears that corruption among public officials -- reportedly
rife in China -- will become commonplace after the July 1 handover.

While agreeing there is a concern, Fung said he is confident the ICAC will
remain intact under Chinese administration.

"The ICAC has earned its stripes," he said.

For example, Chinese officials in southern Guangdong province have already been
regularly sending their prosecutors to Hong Kong for training by the commission,
he said.

"It is not in China's interest for Hong Kong to fail, to lose its pole position
as the leading financial service centre in East Asia. China doesn't want that to
change," said Fung, 43, the first Hong Kong-born person of Chinese extraction to
hold the solicitor-general's office.

He was appointed in 1994 to replace Bertrand De Speville, who became head of
ICAC and is now retired.

Fung said he is confident the rule of law in Hong Kong will survive after 1997.

A similar assurance was given in Vancouver last month by Hong Kong
Attorney-General Jeremy Mathews.

"The legal system will continue to be firmly based on the rule of law and the
independence of the judiciary and will remain a sturdy bulwark for the
protection of individual rights and freedoms after the reversion to Chinese
sovereignty," Fung said.

After his Vancouver speech, Fung left for California, where he is scheduled to
speak at the Stanford and Berkeley law schools, as well as at an economic
conference on investing in China being held in San Francisco.


LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: DANIEL FUNG: says Beijing considers corruption to be a major
problem

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            January 24, 2003 Friday

Governor: Agency to fight corruption;
Blagojevich also plans ethics hot line

BYLINE: DOUG FINKE STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 546 words


Gov. Rod Blagojevich said Thursday he plans to create a $6 million agency
employing up to 50 people to root out corruption in state government.

Blagojevich also issued a series of executive orders for all employees under his
control to undergo ethics training and to establish an ethics hot line to report
suspected public corruption. "We run the risk that public corruption will be
associated with Illinois government, just as earthquakes are associated with
California and hurricanes are associated with Florida," Blagojevich said at a
news conference in Chicago. "These orders are designed to change the culture of
corruption that has permeated state government."

Blagojevich plans to appoint an inspector general "assigned to investigate any
allegations of corruption or any other misconduct by any employee in my office
or any agency, board or commission responsible to the governor."

Although Blagojevich will appoint the inspector general, who will report
directly to him, the post will be independent of the governor's office,
Blagojevich said.

No one has been appointed to the post, although Blagojevich said he has several
people in mind.

"We intend to hire a very qualified and capable person who has a background
fighting and uncovering corruption," Blagojevich said. "We've got some names
already that I think (the public) will be very impressed with it. That will be a
far cry from Dean Bauer."

Bauer was inspector general for former Gov. George Ryan when Ryan served as
secretary of state. Federal prosecutors said Bauer covered up corruption rather
than putting a stop to it.

Blagojevich said he envisions an inspector general's office employing as many as
50 people and with a $6 million annual budget. He insisted that some of the cost
will be offset by eliminating the "corruption tax" - what such activities cost
state government.

Cindi Canary, director of the Illinois Campaign for Political Reform, said she
is both pleased and surprised at the amount Blagojevich wants to spend on the
inspector general's office.

"We have certainly advocated putting resources into this," she said. "I was
taken aback by how much was being put into it. It is very hard to put a price
tag on that corruption tax."

Canary added that the plan Blagojevich announced Thursday is a "great first
step." More reforms should come in areas such as campaign contributions from
state workers and establishment of commissions to review ethics issues on an
ongoing basis, she said.

Blagojevich plans to work with Attorney General Lisa Madigan to develop
comprehensive ethics legislation for consideration by lawmakers this spring.
Details are still being developed.

Other components of the Blagojevich ethics plan include:

* His staff will develop an ethics training awareness program, which all
employees under his control will have to take within six months.

* Establishment of the toll-free hotline, sometime after an inspector general is
named. Callers will be able to report corruption without identifying themselves.

* Banning retaliation against state workers who report corruption. The state
already has some whistle-blower protections, but Blagojevich said his executive
order will allow him to punish officials who threaten whistle-blowers.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2003 The State Journal-Register

                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 2, 2013 Tuesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Gov to take on dirty pols

BYLINE: BY GLENN BLAIN and KENNETH LOVETT DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 431 words


ALBANY - Gov. Cuomo is poised to drop a hammer on the scandal-scarred
Legislature.

Making good on a longstanding threat, Cuomo on Tuesday will create a special
Moreland Act commission with subpoena power to investigate legislative
corruption.

The anticipated move comes after the Legislature failed to take up the package
of anti-corruption measures Cuomo unveiled this year following the high-profile
arrests of several lawmakers.

The Daily News first reported on its website Monday that the co-chairmen of the
25-member panel will be Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice, Syracuse
District Attorney William Fitzpatrick and prominent lawyer Milton Williams.

The bipartisan panel will include 10 district attorneys - including Bronx DA
Robert Johnson - and Benito Romano, who served as chief of the corruption unit
under then-Manhattan U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani, sources said.

Some panel members will be designated as deputy state attorneys general to give
them additional powers, sources said.

The governor is acting under the 1907 Moreland Act, named after Sherman
Moreland, a Republican leader of the Legislature.

The act gives a governor broad powers to investigate agencies in the executive
branch of government - but not the Legislature.

So the panel Cuomo is creating is expected to focus heavily on the state Board
of Elections. Doing so would allow investigators to see if legislators are
playing by campaign finance rules. It can also help highlight any pay-to-play
schemes involving lawmakers sponsoring legislation in return for campaign
contributions. The commission will have no prosecutorial powers but it can refer
evidence of any criminality to law enforcement.

The governor last used the Moreland Act in 2012, to investigate New York
utilities' response to Hurricane Sandy.

Insiders say the new panel has the potential to shatter Cuomo's relationship
with the Legislature.

Senate Republican leader Dean Skelos (R-Nassau) said it would be "totally
inappropriate" if the investigation became a "witch hunt" against legislators.
In something of a veiled threat to Cuomo, Skelos pointed out that the
Legislature has investigative committees with subpoena power that can look into
the executive branch.

"A legislative body can also do things we feel is appropriate," he said.

Cuomo insisted that the commission "is not about the Legislature. It is about
enforcing the campaign finance laws in this state."

Cuomo's father, former Gov. Mario Cuomo, used the Moreland Act in 1987 to create
a commission that proposed several campaign finance reforms, most of which were
not enacted.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Corruption is no joke for Gov. Cuomo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.

                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Capitol Corruption Panel's Demise Angers Watchdogs

BYLINE: By JESSE McKINLEY and THOMAS KAPLAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 788 words


ALBANY -- It was a quiet and sudden end to what had started as a high-profile
battle against Statehouse corruption.

With little fanfare and no advance notice, and at the tail end of a 44-minute
teleconference with reporters explaining the state's new budget deal, Gov.
Andrew M. Cuomo said on Saturday that he intended to dismantle the Commission to
Investigate Public Corruption. The commission was formed last July, stocked with
''the best minds in law enforcement'' and given a broad mandate to restore
public trust in government.

Mr. Cuomo said the reforms he wanted would be accomplished by new laws that he
had persuaded legislative leaders to support as part of the budget accord,
including tougher laws on bribery and corruption, and improved enforcement of
election law. That, he said, would eliminate the need for the panel, known as
the Moreland Commission.

''That's what this package is,'' the governor said.

But government watchdogs, and some lawmakers, disagree.

Some speculated that the governor and the Legislature had struck a deal to move
beyond the issue of corruption, an unwelcome distraction in an election year.

''The fact that ethics reform was on the table as a bargaining chip suggests to
me that we have much more work to do,'' Senator Brad Hoylman, a Manhattan
Democrat, said on Monday, calling himself ''disheartened'' by the outcome.
''It's a terrible irony that the Moreland Commission is being defunded as part
of a larger discussion and negotiation.''

But it seemed clear on Monday, as the Legislature moved to enact the budget,
that the more significant political reforms that had been on the table were now
off.

The new ethics laws, incorporated into the budget legislation, left intact a
loophole allowing for unlimited donations to so-called housekeeping accounts for
political parties. They did not lower limits for individual political donations,
which are generous compared with those in other states.

And they so drastically scaled back Mr. Cuomo's proposal for a system of public
financing for state political campaigns -- reducing it to a pilot program
covering only this year's race for state comptroller -- that advocates of
campaign-finance reform suggested it was so flawed that candidates should
boycott it.

Government watchdogs expressed deep disappointment with the decision to close
down the commission, which was packed with legal firepower, including more than
a dozen former or current district attorneys from around the state, armed with
subpoena power. It had also mounted several ambitious investigations.

''It was absolutely the wrong thing to do,'' said Susan Lerner, the executive
director of Common Cause New York.

Lawrence Norden, the deputy director of the Democracy Program at the Brennan
Center for Justice at New York University, said the commission's most insightful
observation -- that many seemingly unethical acts in Albany, involving money and
policy making, were technically legal -- had been largely ignored by lawmakers.

''What the Legislature and governor came up with did not address that at all,''
he said.

Advocates' hopes for the commission had been lifted last fall, after supportive
remarks by the federal prosecutors in Manhattan and Brooklyn, among others. But
there was resistance from the Legislature, which refused requests for
information about lawmakers' outside income, leading to a legal battle. And
there were accusations of interference by the governor's office, which asked the
panel to limit the scope of some of its investigations.

Still, a December report by the commission was praised, and Mr. Cuomo said he
was looking forward to working ''with the Legislature to enact systemic
reform.''

Matthew Wing, a spokesman for Mr. Cuomo, said on Monday that the governor had
always promised to disband the commission if the Legislature addressed election
law enforcement, government transparency and criminal behavior. ''And that's
exactly what happened,'' Mr. Wing said.

Michelle Duffy, a spokeswoman for the commission, said that it would have no
comment until after the passage of the budget, which was expected late Monday
night. In a statement Saturday, the commission said it was pleased that many of
its recommendations would be enacted, including the creation of an independent
enforcement counsel at the State Board of Elections, which has often been
accused of lax oversight of election law.

Makau Mutua, dean of the SUNY Buffalo Law School and a commission member,
applauded the new laws and changes at the Board of Elections.

''Those are just fantastic,'' he said.

But he acknowledged disappointment that public financing would be implemented
only for this year's comptroller's race.

''Certainly that remains to be pursued in the future,'' he said.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/01/nyregion/cuomos-push-to-end-moreland-commissio
n-draws-backlash.html

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, shown on March 20, announced the  demise
of his ethics commission on Saturday with little fanfare. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MIKE
GROLL/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company

                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 22, 2007 Monday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

BREAST CANCER WALK BEGINS AT 8 A.M. SATURDAY

SECTION: MONDAY METRO; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 196 words


ST. PETERSBURG

A 5K walk to raise money for breast cancer awareness and research will be held
Saturday at North Straub Park, Bayshore Drive and Fifth Avenue NE. The Making
Strides Against Breast Cancer event will begin at 8 a.m. Information:
www.cancer.org/stridesonline or (727) 812-7023.

WEST PALM BEACH

FBI agents added to corruption team

The FBI has shifted six agents and one supervisory position from Miami to West
Palm Beach to help investigate public corruption cases, the office's top
priority, authorities said. The West Palm Beach office now has 16 agents focused
on white-collar crime, including corruption, cyber crime and health care fraud,
said Timothy Delaney, assistant FBI special agent in charge of white-collar
crime from Key West to Vero Beach. Delaney said the move is aimed at cracking
down on shady land deals in Palm Beach County. Since 2006, federal prosecutors
have won guilty pleas from two county commissioners, two West Palm Beach city
commissioners and an area attorney, mostly for corruption related to real estate
deals. The added staff allows the bureau to engage the public in outreach to
encourage residents to report corruption, Delaney added.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: COMPILED FROM TIMES STAFF, WIRES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday
                                   L2 Edition

Six counties in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 548 words


Quinn seeks whistle-blowers:

Gov. Pat Quinn is turning to an old law to help clean up government in the wake
of the Rod Blagojevich scandal. Quinn wants state employees and taxpayers to
report government corruption, and he's set up a new Web site where
whistle-blowers can turn. Blagojevich pleaded not guilty Tuesday to federal
corruption charges that included trying to sell President Barack Obama's Senate
seat. Quinn's Web site tells people how to report suspected corruption and tells
them about Illinois' whistle-blower act. Quinn helped get the law first passed
in 1991. The act lets the state collect up to triple damages for money that's
lost to fraud. A whistle-blower can also collect a share of the recovered money.
The new Web site is www.

whistleblower.illinois.gov.

Blagojevich aide resigns:

An aide to Rod Blagojevich with fundraising ties to the former governor has
resigned from the state's Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. Gov.
Pat Quinn said Wednesday that Rajinder Bedi resigned his post effective April 30
after Quinn decided Bedi's job would end this month. Quinn says he wants to move
in a different direction with the state's Office of Trade and Investment, where
Bedi was managing director.

Pilfered book returned:

A Lake Forest man has returned a missing library book to Washington and Lee
University -- nearly 145 years after it was stolen by a Union soldier during the
Civil War. Mistakenly thinking he was at adjoining Virginia Military Institute,
soldier C.S. Gates pilfered the first volume of W.F.P. Napier's four-volume
"History of the War in the Peninsula and in the South of France From the Year
1807 to the Year 1814" on June 11, 1864, from the library of what was then
Washington College. The book was passed down through Gates's descendants. It
eventually came into the possession of Mike Dau of Lake Forest, who inherited it
more than 20 years ago from the estate of Myron and Isabel Gates, a couple he
befriended during college. Dau said Tuesday he isn't sure how exactly Gates the
soldier was related to Myron Gates.

Inmate wants Burge on stand:

The lawyer for a man whose death sentence was commuted to life in prison by
former Gov. George Ryan wants a disgraced former Chicago police commander to
testify at a hearing on the inmate's petition to get his murder conviction
overturned. The attorney for Cortez Brown wants Cook County Circuit Judge
Clayton Crane to order Jon Burge and former detective Anthony Maslanka to
testify at a May 18 hearing for Brown. Brown claims he confessed to killing two
men in 1990 only after detectives under the command of Burge beat him with their
fists and a flashlight. Burge has been charged in federal court with perjury and
obstruction-of-justice charges. He has pleaded not guilty. Crane is expected to
rule on the motion April 29.

States petition for rail money:

Eight states want stimulus funds for a network of high-speed trains with Chicago
as its hub. Governors from Illinois, Missouri, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan,
Minnesota, Ohio and Wisconsin have sent a letter to U.S. Department of
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood asking for his support. A first phase would
upgrade passenger-train routes from Chicago to St. Louis, from Chicago to
Madison, Wis., and from Chicago to Pontiac, Mich., via Detroit.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday
                                   D1 Edition

Six counties in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 549 words


Quinn seeks whistle-blowers:

Gov. Pat Quinn is turning to an old law to help clean up government in the wake
of the Rod Blagojevich scandal. Quinn wants state employees and taxpayers to
report government corruption, and he's set up a new Web site where
whistle-blowers can turn. Blagojevich pleaded not guilty Tuesday to federal
corruption charges that included trying to sell President Barack Obama's Senate
seat. Quinn's Web site tells people how to report suspected corruption and tells
them about Illinois' whistle-blower act. Quinn helped get the law first passed
in 1991. The act lets the state collect up to triple damages for money that's
lost to fraud. A whistle-blower can also collect a share of the recovered money.
The new Web site is www.

whistleblower.illinois.gov.

Blagojevich aide resigns:

An aide to Rod Blagojevich with fundraising ties to the former governor has
resigned from the state's Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. Gov.
Pat Quinn said Wednesday that Rajinder Bedi resigned his post effective April 30
after Quinn decided Bedi's job would end this month. Quinn says he wants to move
in a different direction with the state's Office of Trade and Investment, where
Bedi was managing director.

Pilfered book returned:

A Lake Forest man has returned a missing library book to Washington and Lee
University -- nearly 145 years after it was stolen by a Union soldier during the
Civil War. Mistakenly thinking he was at adjoining Virginia Military Institute,
soldier C.S. Gates pilfered the first volume of W.F.P. Napier's four-volume
"History of the War in the Peninsula and in the South of France From the Year
1807 to the Year 1814" on June 11, 1864, from the library of what was then
Washington College. The book was passed down through Gates's descendants. It
eventually came into the possession of Mike Dau of Lake Forest, who inherited it
more than 20 years ago from the estate of Myron and Isabel Gates, a couple he
befriended during college. Dau said Tuesday he isn't sure how exactly Gates the
soldier was related to Myron Gates.

Inmate wants Burge on stand:

The lawyer for a man whose death sentence was commuted to life in prison by
former Gov. George Ryan wants a disgraced former Chicago police commander to
testify at a hearing on the inmate's petition to get his murder conviction
overturned. The attorney for Cortez Brown wants Cook County Circuit Judge
Clayton Crane to order Jon Burge and former detective Anthony Maslanka to
testify at a May 18 hearing for Brown. Brown claims he confessed to killing two
men in 1990 only after detectives under the command of Burge beat him with their
fists and a flashlight. Burge has been charged in federal court with perjury and
obstruction-of-justice charges. He has pleaded not guilty. Crane is expected to
rule on the motion on April 29.

States petition for rail money:

Eight states want stimulus funds for a network of high-speed trains with Chicago
as its hub. Governors from Illinois, Missouri, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan,
Minnesota, Ohio and Wisconsin have sent a letter to U.S. Department of
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood asking for his support. A first phase would
upgrade passenger-train routes from Chicago to St. Louis, from Chicago to
Madison, Wis., and from Chicago to Pontiac, Mich., via Detroit.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            January 21, 2013 Monday

Ryan slated to leave prison

BYLINE: By Kerry Lester Political Editor klester@dailyherald.com By Kerry Lester
Political Editor klester@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 454 words


After spending five years in prison on corruption charges, former Gov. George
Ryan is scheduled to be released to a Chicago halfway house on Jan. 30.

A longtime former aide for the Kankakee Republican tells the Daily Herald that
the halfway house is located in Chicago's Greektown neighborhood, and is the
same Salvation Army Freedom Center that housed former Chicago Alderman Edward
Vrdolyak in 2011, and former Ryan chief of staff, Scott Fawell, in 2008.

Vrdolyak, a Chicago Democrat, was released there after serving 10 months in
prison for his role in a kickback scheme. Fawell was convicted in the same
corruption scheme as Ryan, and spent 4 1/2 years in prison.

Once he is at the halfway house, Ryan, 78, will be required to work, as he
transitions back to freedom. Several friends are expected to offer Ryan jobs,
the aide said.

Ryan, who served one term as governor ending in 2003, earned a reputation as a
shrewd dealmaker during his decades in state government. But corruption charges
stemming largely from his time in the 1990s as secretary of state landed him in
federal prison.

Still, Ryan remains lauded by some for his historic decision to clear the
state's death row, and a University of Illinois professor has nominated him
regularly for a Nobel Peace Prize, including this year.

His legal trouble helped inspire the strong ethics pledges in the first campaign
of his successor, former Gov. Rod Blagojevich, who himself later was sentenced
to a 14-year term in federal prison for corruption.

Since Ryan began his sentence, his wife of 55 years, Lura Lynn, died of cancer,
and the Illinois Supreme Court upheld an effort to take away his state pension.

Ryan's formal release date is July 4. The Federal Bureau of Prisons is not
commenting on Ryan's move.

Fawell, now of Buffalo Grove, described the Salvation Army facility as "kind of
dingy, kind of dirty." Ryan's first few days, he said, will be spent in a
halfway house orientation program, where his banking, computer and resume
writing skills will be refreshed.

After beginning a job, Ryan will be required to be back at the facility by 7
p.m. each night, Fawell said. The halfway house will take 25 percent of each
paycheck.

Small freedoms -- wearing his own clothes and keeping money in his wallet --
likely will seem like luxuries to Ryan initially, Fawell said.

Still, he added, it's not an easy place to live.

"This is no camp," Fawell said, referring to Ryan's time at the federal prison
work camp in Terre Haute, Ind. "You could be living next to some guy that just
got (served) 35 years. The interaction ... is worlds apart."

* State government writer Mike Riopell contributed to this report.

Leave: Former governor will have to get job while living at halfway house

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              May 10, 2013 Friday

Maryland GOP, O'Malley address prison corruption

BYLINE: ALEX JACKSON ajackson@capgaznews.com

SECTION: A; Pg.5

LENGTH: 588  words


The House of Delegates' Republican Caucus on Thursday called for an expanded
investigation into prison corruption as Gov. Martin O'Malley announced a
seven-point plan to enhance security at state jails.

After a federal indictment last month alleged widespread gang activity at a
Baltimore prison, Republicans held a press conference in Annapolis to blame
Democratic leadership for ignoring legislation submitted as far back as 2008 to
reform correctional facilities.

The Republicans called on state corrections chief Gary Maynard to expand his
investigation into gang activity in state prisons into a statewide probe. They
also called on O'Malley to take responsibility for not acting to stem the
corruption sooner.

Earlier Thursday, O'Malley announced his anti-prison corruption plan. In a
statement, he pledged to expand cellphone suppression technology at correctional
facilities and to consider updating statewide policies "to crack down on
correctional officers who violate the public's trust."

Since returning from a trade trip to Israel, O'Malley has faced heavy criticism
on the prison corruption issue. He initially called the indictment a "positive
development."

House Minority Leader Nic Kipke, R-Pasadena, said the Republican caucus is
alarmed by the Baltimore indictment. Kipke said O'Malley and the Democratic
leadership should have acted sooner, and must act now.

"You are the chief executive of this state," Kipke said. "We ask that you stop
running around the country, running for president, get back into your office and
take responsibility for the office for which you've been elected."

In April federal prosecutors announced the indictments of 25 people for plotting
to smuggle drugs, cellphones and other contraband into the Baltimore City
detention system and other correctional facilities.

The indictment alleged that sex between inmates and guards led to four
correctional officers becoming pregnant.

Maynard promised to review operations at the jail and to administer polygraph
exams to jail personnel to ensure the integrity of the institution. His
investigation last week led to the removal of the jail's head of security.

O'Malley's plan, announced Thursday, states that the General Assembly will be
urged to pass previously submitted legislation that would make smuggling a
cellphone into a correctional institution a felony punishable by additional
prison time.

Some Republicans say O'Malley and the Democratic leadership could have acted
sooner. Dels. John Cluster, R-Baltimore County, and Ron George, R-Arnold, spoke
about legislation they had offered that they believed would have helped with the
problems.

For four years Cluster, a former police officer, has sponsored legislation that
would have strengthened penalties for transportation and possession of
cellphones in correctional facilities.

When presenting that bill this year, he said, he gave members of the House
Judiciary Committee what he claims is a cellphone photo taken in prison of two
members of the Black Guerilla Family, the gang that figures in the indictment.
One of them, Cluster said, is holding a cellphone and smoking a cigar.

"Members of the (committee) were presented with evidence illustrating the
serious issue of cellphone possession in jails long before the federal
indictment was issued," Cluster said.

George said he submitted legislation in 2008 and 2009 proposing the creation of
a substance abuse treatment program. He said that would have "redirected many
gang members away from their daily drug dealing and into treatment."

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "We ask that you stop running around the country, running for
president, get back into your office and take responsibility for the office for
which you've been elected." -- Del. Nic Kipke, House minority leader.
"We ask that you stop running around the country, running for president, get
back into your office and take responsibility for the office for which you've
been elected." -- Del. Nic Kipke, House minority leader.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Bharara hits close to 'Cuom' [Exclusive] Corruption-busting prosecutor probing
gov's Buffalo-booster project

BYLINE: Carl Campanile and Bruce Golding

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 989 words


Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara has expanded his anti-corruption crusade to
the far western edge of the state - investigating Gov. Cuomo's controversial
Buffalo Billion revitalization project, The Post has learned.

The probe of Cuomo's pet project is the first to touch his office beyond
Bharara's investigation of the governor's shutdown of the Moreland Commission to
Investigate Public Corruption last year.

The new investigation is focused on the multimillion-dollar contracts awarded to
build facilities for high-tech, drug-development and clean-energy businesses, a
source familiar with the probe told The Post.

Bharara's office has slapped several firms with subpoenas in recent months, the
source said.

"It's a comprehensive look at the bidding process," the source said.

"They're looking at communications between contractors and state officials."

Bharara's probe extends some 250 miles beyond the boundaries of his district,
the Southern District of New York, which is headquartered in Manhattan and
includes The Bronx and six suburbs north of the city.

It also infringes on the jurisdiction of Buffalo US Attorney Bill Hochul, whose
wife, Kathy, is Cuomo's lieutenant governor.

Last month, Kathy Hochul touted Cuomo's pricey plan during an Upstate
Revitalization Conference at the Buffalo Niagara Convention Center.

Before Buffalo Billion, "people had given up hope," she said "That's a statement
of fact."

But since the taxpayer cash began flowing, millennials have begun moving to the
Buffalo area, reversing decades of declining population, Hochul said.

"This is the most positive indicator I have seen," she said. "It happened
because the governor believed in us."

A spokeswoman for Bill Hochul declined to comment. It was unclear whether he
recused himself from the Buffalo Billion probe over the potential conflict of
interest - or if he was even aware of Bharara's investigation.

In May, the Buffalo News revealed Bill Hochul recused himself from an
investigation of former Erie County Democratic Chair Steve Pigeon, a Cuomo
political adviser, but said his top assistant was overseeing it and coordinating
with state prosecutors.

Legal experts said the US Attorneys' Manual does not cover a scenario in which a
prosecutor keeps a probe secret from another who could lay claim to the case.

"That's a sensitive issue . . . I would want to advise DOJ," a former prosecutor
said, referring to the US Department of Justice. "Under those circumstances, the
likelihood is DOJ would approve it and deal with the fallout later."

Cuomo announced the 10-year Buffalo Billion program in his 2012 State of the
State speech, saying it would be modeled on the $1 billion-plus program to spur
nanotech research and draw semiconductor manufacturers to the Albany region.

One of the plan's key projects is construction of a $750 million solar-panel
factory along the Buffalo River. It will be run by SolarCity, a power provider
chaired by Elon Musk, a co-founder of PayPal and CEO of the Tesla Motors
electric-car company.

Other elements of Cuomo's plan include construction of the Buffalo Medical
Innovation and Commercialization Hub facility at the Buffalo Niagara Medical
Campus, and redevelopment of a downtown Buffalo office tower into a headquarters
for IBM and other high-tech firms.

A report this year by the nonprofit Investigative Post blasted Buffalo Billion
as a "costly experiment in economic development that is beset by secrecy and
politics." The report said that requests for records under the state Freedom of
Information Law were ignored until a lawsuit was filed and that the documents
released were stripped of "key information," including payments to developers.

The report also revealed the developer of two Buffalo Billion buildings is Louis
Ciminelli, who contributed $96,500 to Cuomo's two campaigns for governor.

At one point, the request for proposals to build SolarCity required applicants
to have "over 50 years of proven experience" in construction in around Buffalo,
which, the report said, excluded any company except Ciminelli's.

The requirement was changed to 15 years, but his company, LPCiminelli, got the
job anyway.

The report also said McGuire Development donated $25,000 to Cuomo's campaign
three months after scoring the technology-hub construction job.

Bharara has already secured the indictments or convictions of 17 New York
politicians.

This year, he brought charges against Assemblyman Sheldon Silver (D-Manhattan)
and state Sen. Dean Skelos (R-LI) that forced them to resign leadership posts.
He won convictions of state Sen. Malcolm Smith (D-Queens) and ex-Deputy Senate
Majority Leader Tom Libous (R-Binghamton).

LPCiminelli and McGuire did not respond to requests for comment. A Bharara
spokesman declined to comment.

A Cuomo official said that the awarding of the Buffalo Billion contracts was
done by SUNY and its nonprofit arm and that the governor had no role in the
selection process

A spokeswoman for the Empire State Development Corp., which helps run Buffalo
Billion said, "We administer a wide range of grant programs, and we have
policies and procedures in place to ensure accountability in connection with
these programs."

Additional reporting by Josh Saul

Trouble builds up

The Buffalo Billion plan:

* First proposed by Cuomo in his 2012 State of the State speech

* Provides $1 billion in grants and low-interest loans to spur industrial
development and revitalize Buffalo and the rest of Western New York.

* Modeled on the $1 billion-plus state program to promote the nanotech industry
in Albany

* Key projects include a $750 million solarpanel manufacturing plant that would
be the largest in the country. The plant would be run by Tesla founder Elon
Musk's SolarCity company.

* Criticized by government watchdogs for a lack of transparency and
accountability.

ccampanile@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gov. Cuomo's controversial Buffalo Billion redevelopment plan (below)
is at the center of a new corruption probe by Manhattan US Attorney Preet
Bharara (far right). [AP; Getty Images; Philip Kamrass]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                          December 17, 2008 Wednesday

In Illinois, Let The People Decide

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 458  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Illinois Republican Party leaders are calling for a special election to fill the
U.S. Senate seat formerly held by President-elect Barack Obama, the seat that
Gov. Rod Blagojevich allegedly offered to sell to the highest bidder.

Ordinarily, such a demand from the GOP would be dismissed out of hand by
Democrat Blagojevich and the Democratic-controlled state Senate and state House.
This one should not be.

Blagojevich's indictment on federal corruption charges puts Illinois under a
dark cloud - again.

The state has a long history of political corruption cases, from a state
official who died leaving a huge cache of money mysteriously stashed in
shoeboxes in his hotel room to a judge who took money to fix murder cases. Over
the years, former governors, congressmen, aldermen and state and city workers
have been imprisoned.

"If it isn't the most corrupt state in the United States, it's certainly one
hell of a competitor," says Chicago FBI chief Robert D. Grant.

The criminal complaint against Blagojevich (pronounced "bluh-GOY-uh-vich"), no
doubt, leaves Illinois citizens just shaking their heads, saying, "Here we go
again."

The complaint alleges a pattern of bad behavior by Blagojevich going back six
years, beyond the "pay to play" proposition involving Obama's former Senate
seat.

Blagojevich denies the charges and is vowing a vigorous court fight. The
governor says he won't resign, and the state House has just begun to consider
his impeachment, a process that could take a year or more.

The charges against Blagojevich are serious. But even if they don't stick, the
cloud over Illinois politics will not lift for some time, if at all.

Blagojevich faces an uncertain future, but there is an immediate need to fill
the vacant Senate seat. Any person he would pick is sure to be suspect.

And if Blagojevich is ousted from office, the task for doing so would fall on
the lieutenant governor, Pat Quinn. Quinn has called for Blagojevich's
resignation, and has had a tepid relationship with the governor over the years.
But he can't entirely separate himself from Blagojevich or the corrupt political
culture in Illinois.

That's why the people should decide who replaces Obama in the U.S. Senate.

Illinois Democrats initially supported such an election, then backed away,
ostensibly because of the high cost (up to $50 million). They also say an
election would leave the post vacant until at least April, giving the new
senator little time to prepare for the 2010 campaign cycle.

The more likely reason, though, is that Democrats are afraid of losing the
election as a result of the Blagojevich controversy.

That suggests Democrats are more interested in holding onto power than bowing to
the wishes of the people of Illinois.

Illinois deserves better.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   JUNE 22, 2000 Thursday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

GRAND JURY CONTINUES MILAN PROBE THE PANEL IS LOOKING INTO ALLEGATIONS OF
CORRUPTION IN CAMDEN. TWO INVOLVED WITH CITY CONTRACTS TESTIFIED YESTERDAY.

BYLINE: Dwight Ott, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 569 words


A Collingswood banker and the leader of a Camden nonprofit housing agency were
among several witnesses questioned yesterday by a federal grand jury probing
allegations of corruption in the Milan administration.

Gerard M. Banmiller, chief executive officer of First Colonial National Bank,
and Sean Closkey, head of the St. Joseph's Carpenters Society, appeared as part
of an investigation that has centered on Camden Mayor Milton Milan and the
city's handling of contracts. In a 19-count indictment in March, Milan was
charged with corruption, accepting payoffs from organized-crime figures,
soliciting bribes from city vendors, and laundering drug money.

Milan has denied the charges, saying he will "fight and win" against allegations
of corruption.

Banmiller, a former member of the seven-member state-appointed financial review
board that supervised Camden's finances until recently, chaired a subcommittee
that scrutinized city contracts.

He would not go into detail about his testimony, saying only: "I was a fact
witness. I've had dealings with the feds over the position I held as contract
chair. Questions were posed as to what I observed."

Banmiller and Milan frequently locked horns over contracts the administration
was promoting when both were on the review board. Banmiller said the city spent
wastefully, and Milan argued that the city needed more money.

Milan stopped attending board meetings partly because he objected to Banmiller's
presence.

Like Banmiller, Closkey said he had been called as a fact witness - one who
corroborates the testimony of other witnesses - but provided no further comment.

The Carpenters Society has participated with other agencies in the development
of projects in the city. In one of the largest, the society aided the Camden
Housing Authority with a multimillion-dollar development to revitalize the
Westfield Acres housing project.

Sources familiar with the federal investigation say it is looking into whether
James R. Mathes Jr., a City Council president under Mayor Arnold W. Webster,
helped Dan Daidone, a reputed mob associate, obtain city contracts. Daidone, a
former driver and associate of confessed mob boss Ralph Natale's, and another
business associate set up several construction consulting companies in Camden
that he and Natale hoped would benefit from city business, they said.

No charges have been filed against Daidone.

Mathes' name came up in questioning during last week's grand jury proceedings.
During the session, city purchasing agent Richard Felicione and Vicky King, the
city's affirmative-action officer, were called to testify.

Mathes has said he knew of Natale and Daidone but had no dealings with them. He
has not been charged with any wrongdoing. Mathes would not comment yesterday.

All city contracts must be approved by a Council majority. The Council president
is responsible for setting the agenda and shepherding city business through in
an orderly fashion.

Daidone and Caesar Ortiz, a business associate, set up at least three companies
that they ran out of offices in the old Sears building in Camden between 1997
and 1998.

At least one of those companies, Trans Aero Inc., was registered in Ortiz's name
and sought to land minority business contracts in the city.

Dwight Ott's e-mail address is dott@phillynews.com

* Inquirer staff writer Angela Couloumbis contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

GOP pushes back against any further cuts in nuclear weapons

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 531 words


WASHINGTON

Congressional Republicans on Wednesday vowed to block the Obama administration
from sharply cutting the U.S. nuclear force, calling potential reductions of as
much as 80 percent in the number of deployed weapons "reckless lunacy."

Pointing to the growing number of trouble spots, from Iran to Syria to Egypt,
members of the House Armed Services Committee said any significant cuts would
undermine the U.S. ability to deter aggression. It was reported Tuesday that the
administration is weighing options for reductions from the current treaty limit
of 1,550 deployed strategic warheads.

Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the committee that no decision has been made and
maintaining the current level is one of the options.

LOUISVILLE, KY.

Ship owner claims bridge lights were out

The owners of a cargo ship that struck part of a western Kentucky bridge causing
it to collapse say they were not responsible for the nighttime crash that took
out a chunk of the span because some of the bridge's lights were not working.

Foss Maritime, which owns the Delta Mariner, made the claim in a federal lawsuit
seeking to exonerate itself from any liability from the Jan. 26 wreck on the
Tennessee River near Aurora. The company said the bridge lacked lighting for
northbound commercial traffic on the river and that only one part was marked
with navigational lights. The five-story tall vessel struck the bridge just
before 8 p.m., tearing away a 332-foot-long chunk and halting traffic.

CHICAGO

Report: Chicago leads nation in corruption

The Chicago area logged the most public corruption convictions of any federal
jurisdiction in the United States during the past 36 years, according to a
report released Wednesday by the University of Illinois at Chicago.

Federal prosecutors secured a total of 1,531 public corruption convictions in
the Northern District of Illinois since 1976, said Dick Simpson, head of the
university's political science department. Meanwhile, Illinois logged 1,828
public corruption convictions, the third most of any state, according to the
report. Only California and New York had more.

NEW ORLEANS

Last Katrina FEMA trailer leaves town

The last of the once-ubiquitous FEMA trailers has been removed from New Orleans
more than six years after floodwalls and levees broke during Hurricane Katrina
and caused the city to flood.

On Wednesday, the Federal Emergency Management Agency said the last trailer was
removed Sunday. The agency said the household living in the trailer moved into
their rebuilt home last week. New Orleans once had more than 23,000 FEMA
trailers.

CAPE CANAVERAL

A first: Human, robot shake hands in space

Astronauts and robots have united in space with a healthy handshake.

The commander of the International Space Station, Daniel Burbank, shook hands
Wednesday with Robonaut. It's the first handshake ever between a human and a
humanoid in space. NASA's Robonaut was launched aboard space shuttle Discovery
last February. Crews have been testing it to see how it one day might help
astronauts perform space station chores.

The astronaut says it was a firm handshake.

-- Post wire services

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  YOUR WORLD AT A GLANCE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 8, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

CORRUPTION IN UNIFORM: THE LONG VIEW;
Bad Apple Shake-Ups: A 20-Year Police Cycle

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD KRAUSS

SECTION: Section B;  Page 2;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 923 words


"Will history repeat itself?" the Knapp Commission asked in its 1972 report on
corruption in the New York Police Department. "Or does society finally realize
that police corruption is a problem that must be dealt with and not just talked
about every 20 years?"

Twenty-two years later those questions are as pertinent as ever. The challenge
to the Mollen Commission, formed in 1992, was to permanently break the recurring
cycle of corruption that has plagued New York City's police for a century. That
is a tall order, not only because corruption is so deeply ingrained in the
Police Department, but also because it develops in unforeseeable ways from one
generation to the next.

The Knapp Commission investigated the then-widespread police practice of
accepting bribes from gambling bookies and prostitutes, bribes that the officers
shared with their supervisors. Mayor John V. Lindsay and his Police
Commissioner, Patrick V. Murphy, embraced the panel's report and instituted a
comprehensive shake-up of the department, reshuffling staff members and
dismissing corrupt supervisors.

The Knapp Commission was largely considered a success, but that success may have
bred an indifference to corruption that allowed it to resurface again in the
1980's. The most common criticism of the Knapp panel's work today is that its
recommendations led the department to move officers off their street beats and
into patrol cars, where they were isolated from temptations but also from the
communities they served.

Eliminating Middlemen

As the Mollen Commission noted in the report it officially released yesterday,
"the systemic and institutionalized bribery schemes that plagued the Department
a generation ago no longer exist." In its place, it said a new and more vicious
form of corruption infected minority neighborhoods in the 1980's.

"Its most prevalent form is not police taking money to accommodate criminals by
closing their eyes to illegal activities such as bookmaking, as was the case 20
years ago," said the Mollen report, "but police acting as criminals, especially
in connection with the drug trade."

Is there any way to stop the generational cycles of corruption that begin with
one scandal, followed by a commission pushing reform, followed by a reduction in
corruption, followed by a slackening of controls, followed by yet another
scandal?

The Mollen Commission stated that it was possible to break the cycle of
corruption with an independent monitoring agency. "Our fundamental conclusion is
that this city has cause for faith in the future of our police department," it
said in its report.

'Like a Rubik's Cube'

But those who have tried to fight corruption in the past are not so sure.

"It's like a Rubik's Cube," said Michael F. Armstrong, the chief counsel of the
Knapp Commission and now a private lawyer. "Each time around, some of the
problems get corrected permanently, but the pressures leading to corruption that
naturally exist in police work require a commitment and a focus that's hard to
maintain when it looks like you have cleared up the problem. So different forms
of corruption arise and they have to be dealt with."

Just as there was no way the Knapp Commission could predict the rise of crack,
and the huge amounts of dirty money it would put on the streets of poor
neighborhoods, neither could it foresee the ways society would change between
the 1970's and the 1990's.

The generation of police officers the Knapp panel investigated during the 1970's
grew up during the Depression, a period when the lower-middle-class and
middle-class segments of society expressed a strong antipathy toward drugs. Most
officers were disciplined and battle-hardened from World War II and Korea.

The generation of officers that followed, however, grew up in a far more
permissive society, less accepting of authority and more comfortable using drugs
and interacting with drug dealers.

No Foolproof Shield

For all the good that better recruiting, screening, training and monitoring can
do -- assuming that most of the Mollen Commission's suggestions will be accepted
-- no corruption fighter can predict what new temptations the police will
confront nor what society will look like in another generation.

Human nature being what it is, there can be no foolproof way of preparing police
officers, who are modestly paid, to brush aside temptations like substantial
bribes offered by drug dealers. Those temptations may become more prevalent
under Mayor Giuliani's new police strategy, in which the cop on the beat will be
responsible for making more drug arrests and handing out more summonses for
minor offenses like serving alcohol to minors and playing radios too loudly.

And just as Theodore Roosevelt and Franklin Delano Roosevelt found when they
tried to root out corruption from the force when they were Police Commissioner
and Governor in the 1890's and 1920's respectively, the New York Police
Department is an institution that resists change driven by outsiders and makes
outcasts out of anyone on the force who dares to point a finger at a fellow
officer.

It was Detective Frank Serpico who said while testifying before the Knapp
Commission in December 1971, "We must create an atmosphere in which the
dishonest officer fears the honest one, and not the other way around."

A little more than two decades later, the Mollen report concluded: "The vast
majority of honest officers still protect the minority of corrupt officers
through a code of silence few dare to break."

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             February 24, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

POLICE OFFICIALS URGED TO WATCH FOR CORRUPTION

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 514 words


A report to New York City's Police Commissioner says that while integrity in the
Police Department is high, small groups of officers in some units have been able
to get away with corruption for periods of time without detection by their
superiors.

The annual so-called ''corruption trend'' report, submitted to Commissioner
Robert J. McGuire by Chief John Guido, the head of inspectional services, said
that commanding officers must do more to combat corruption among their
subordinates.

''The department, 10 years after Knapp, in my opinion, is in the best shape in
its history,'' the report said. ''Institutional corruption on a large scale
seems to be a thing of the past at this time.

''However, one disturbing aspect appears to be that in the last several years
small clusters of officers, assigned to the same command, have been able to
engage in conspiratorial acts of misconduct.''

The reference was to disclosures by the Knapp Commission in 1972 that systematic
payoffs to police officers, detectives and supervisors had become common in the
department.

2,319 Complaints in 1981

The report said that during 1981 the department received 2,319 allegations of
corruption, practically unchanged from the 2,318 complaints in the preceding
year. The 1980 figure had represented a 7 percent decline from 1979.

Chief Guido said in the report, however, that ''there is no way to measure the
amount of corruption that is actually going on and not reported.''

The report did not give details of any ''conspiratorial acts,'' but Chief Guido
said in an interview at Police Headquarters that he was referring to situations
such as those involving some members of the Midtown South Precinct detective
squad and officers from the 10th Precinct in Manhattan.

Three detectives from the midtown squad are facing criminal trials on charges
that they took bribes from individuals in the garment center. Four officers from
the 10th Precinct, along with another officer from the Bronx, were arrested last
June on charges that they took money to protect a man they believed to be a drug
dealer from being arrested.

Awaiting Sentencing

Three of the Manhattan officers as well as the Bronx officer have pleaded guilty
and are awaiting sentencing.  The chief referred to these and other such
incidents as ''isolated'' but said they were a matter of concern.  The
complaints of possible corruption last year included allegations that officers
stole property, used or sold narcotics and accepted money not to make an arrest.
In the past, about one of every seven or eight allegations has been
substantiated by investigation.

In 1972, when the department started keeping tallies of corruption complaints,
there were 3,077 complaints. The number rose to 3,460 in 1974 and then fell to
2,054 in 1976 before rising to 2,682 in 1978 and leveling off again.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 13, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

STAFF OF ANTICORRUPTION CHIEF WILL BE CUT A THIRD ON JAN. 1

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 64, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 554 words


The staff of the state's special anticorruption prosecutor, established nine
years ago after the Knapp Commission investigations of police corruption, is
being reduced by a third.

Layoff notices have been given out so that those affected can take terminal
leave beginning Jan. 1.  The reductions, the latest of a series in recent years,
will lower the number of employees in the office from 79 to 51 by March 31, the
end of the current state fiscal year. Among those being dismissed are three of
the office's 15 lawyers and 16 of its 46 investigators.

Last year, the office had a staff of 112, and in 1975, when it was at peak
strength and Maurice H. Nadjari was special prosecutor, it had 160.

The current special prosecutor said last week that the layoffs came at a time
when ''there are signs that police corruption is on the upsurge'' in New York
City.

Cuts Indicated by Carey

The new personnel cuts were foreshadowed in Governor Carey's budget message last
year, which declared that the ''growing effectiveness'' of the City Police
Department and the District Attorneys in dealing with police corruption now
enabled the state to shift its ''limited resources'' to a new statewide attack
on organized crime.

After finding widespread and systematic corruption in the Police Department, the
Knapp Commission recommended in 1972 that the special office be established.

Thomas A. Duffy Jr., now the special state prosecutor, acknowledged last week
that the new personnel cuts would mean fewer investigations by his office, but
he asserted:

''We can still function and we can continue to be a deterrent. We will just have
to set priorities and refer cases we cannot handle to the District Attorneys and
to the Police Department's Internal Affairs Division.''

'Corruption Is on the Upsurge'

In response to a question, he said, ''There are signs that police corruption is
on the upsurge.'' Although Mr. Duffy would not comment on any current
investigations, it is known that his office has subpoenaed Police Department
records as part of an investigation involving suspected payoffs to some
plainclothes officers by gamblers and operators of after-hours clubs in
Manhattan.

It has also become known that the special prosecutor's office is presenting
information to a special grand jury in Queens that is examining allegations that
some officers and detectives in the 110th Precinct had taken bribes from bar
owners to ignore violations of law and to help cover up crimes.

Sources have indicated that both investigations involve a relatively small
number of officers and detectives.  Last February, an internal Police Department
report expressed concern that despite a decline in complaints of police
corruption in 1979 and 1980, a ''changing trend may have already begun'' in the
direction of more complaints and perhaps increased corruption.

However, the Police Commissioner, Robert J. McGuire, and other department
officials have said they were not aware of any return to the pervasive and
organized pattern of corruption that had existed in the pre-Knapp Commission
era.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  December 10, 1997, Wednesday, Final Edition

Barry, Evans Call for Independent Police Probe

Vernon Loeb, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 778 words


D.C. Mayor Marion Barry and D.C. Council member Jack Evans called yesterday for
an independent investigation of corruption in the city's police department to
restore eroding public confidence, and a special management committee overseeing
the department is set to meet this morning to consider convening the probe.

Stephen D. Harlan, vice chairman of the D.C. financial control board and a key
member of the police oversight committee, also believes an official
investigation of police corruption is necessary. But Harlan wants the management
committee to agree on its scope before any public announcement is made,
according to a control board official.

"I think it's time for the city to appoint a high-level, independent commission
to see whether corruption is systemic in the department," Barry (D) said in an
interview. "Wherever it leads, it leads. Whoever it hits, it hits."

Evans (D-Ward 2), chairman of the council's Judiciary Committee, said: "I truly
believe there's corruption over there. We need an independent entity to
investigate it."

Evans said the department should turn over to investigators five years of time
sheets, and he added that neither the department's internal affairs division nor
the U.S. attorney's office has been vigorous enough in ferreting out corruption
in the ranks.

Harlan, reached last night, would say only that he wants the entire management
oversight committee to reach consensus on the matter. "If there's a problem, we
need to address the problem," he said. "We don't need overkill on the problem.
We need to do what's appropriate."

He said the control board staff already is researching the powers assumed by the
police investigative commission in Los Angeles headed by Warren Christopher in
the early 1990s.

The move toward a formal probe of police corruption comes two weeks after Lt.
Jeffery S. Stowe, a supervisor in the department and a close friend of former
police chief Larry D. Soulsby, was arrested on extortion charges for allegedly
demanding payoffs from married men whom Stowe had spotted outside gay clubs.
Soulsby resigned the day of Stowe's arrest after it was revealed in a news
account that the two men shared an apartment at the luxurious Lansburgh complex
downtown but paid only $ 650 a month in rent, a fraction of its market value.

Evans said yesterday he became convinced that a corruption probe was in order
after a Judiciary Committee hearing last week at which two police sergeants,
Christopher Sanders and Harry Hill, identified themselves as department
"whistleblowers" and said in written testimony that they "were retaliated
against for refusing to illegally certify on payroll records that an employee
was present and working, and for reporting the illegal conduct to superior
officers."

The Post reported the two sergeants' allegations last February, and the
council's Government Operations Committee held a hearing on the matter in
September.

Without a formal, independent investigation, Evans asked, "where do you turn?"

"You can't go to internal affairs; you can't go to the U.S. attorney's office,"
he said. "They won't do anything. I can't rely on anybody -- you've got to do it
yourself."

Evans, whose committee has oversight of the police department, said he didn't
know whether an independent commission could be created. But he said it is clear
that the council has the authority to issue subpoenas and elicit sworn testimony
from witnesses.

Barry -- whose own dealings with the department, especially his security detail,
have been the subject of controversy -- said he favored an investigative
commission headed by outsiders, with subpoena power independent of the mayor's
office, the police chief and the control board. But the mayor said he did not
know whether such a panel could be created under D.C. law.

"I think we have a serious credibility problem," Barry said. "We can reduce
crime by 50 percent, but as long as the public's perception is that there is
dishonesty in there, that there's a good old boys network, we're in trouble."

Joyce St. George, chief investigator with the New York City special prosecutor
for police corruption, said she believes an independent body to investigate
police corruption is the only way to get at the problem.

"If you get an outside office funded outside, that is absolutely the best way to
go," said St. George, who now trains police departments nationwide on how to
handle crises and corruption conflicts. "In Washington, D.C., now, given the
amount of renovation needed, you must have an outside body to investigate
corruption."

Staff writer Michael Powell contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post

                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 28, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Series of New Corruption Cases Hampers Labor's Efforts to Improve Its Tainted
Image

BYLINE: By STEVEN GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1688 words


The wave of corruption charges involving the teamsters and other unions has
badly embarrassed the labor movement just as John J. Sweeney, the
A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s president, was boasting that efforts to improve labor's image
were finally paying off with some major organizing victories.

Though labor leaders insist there is far less union corruption than in decades
past, some leaders acknowledge that the recent corruption cases could make the
public more cynical about unions at a time when the labor federation is spending
millions of dollars on an advertising campaign to persuade Americans to warm up
to unions.

"Any corruption hurts the labor movement," said Douglas Fraser, former president
of the United Auto Workers, who teaches labor studies at Wayne State University
in Detroit. "It's very, very unfortunate. If you get into an organizing drive,
you can be sure that anti-union consultants will use this corruption stuff
against you."

Still, the recent revelations are an undeniable step backward for labor's public
relations after a decades-long effort to erase its "On the Waterfront" image of
beefy union bosses wedded to the mob.

"It's bad publicity," said Jay Mazur, president of the Union of Needletrades,
Industrial and Textile Employees. "We'd rather not have it, although I don't
think it will really affect the way we're functioning."

And Sandra Feldman, president of the American Federation of Teachers, said:
"They are a distraction from what we're trying to achieve. They certainly do
harm; there's no question about it for the public and even the union members
looking at it, especially if the allegations are proven. But it's important to
point out these are aberrations, and the overwhelming majority of the movement
is made up of honest hard-working unions and unionists."

Many labor experts say the current episodes of corruption are paltry compared
with those in decades past, when mobsters stole hundreds of millions of dollars
from union pension funds and outsiders learned of union wrongdoing only when
bodies were found dumped along the docks.

Union leaders assert that the recent cases are isolated instances and that
corruption is no more prevalent in labor than in business. From Mr. Sweeney on
down, labor leaders are loath to address the accusations, partly because they
dislike discussing problems in other unions and partly because they seem to hope
that by ignoring it, the problem will go away.

"Obviously, they're trying to change their image, and they don't want to focus
on union corruption," said Carl Biers, executive director of the Association of
Union Democracy, a group based in New York that has long spoken out against
union corruption. "But in the long run, it works against their organizing goals
to ignore the problem, rather than admit there's a problem and say they're
dealing with it."

The biggest recent corruption case involves the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters. Three advisers to Ron Carey, the union president, have pleaded guilty
to funneling hundreds of thousands of dollars from the union's treasury into Mr.
Carey's re-election campaign.

Although the money involved is small compared with the hundreds of millions
embezzled in past teamster scandals, some labor leaders find the new episode
especially disconcerting because Mr. Carey was elected on an anti-corruption
platform in what had been the nation's most mob-dominated union.

In another case, Federal officials said last week that Arthur A. Coia, president
of the Laborers International Union of North America, would be charged by an
in-house prosecutor with associating with organized crime figures and with
acquiescing in letting mobsters run parts of the union.

Labor leaders fear that the corruption problems could soon multiply if Federal
investigators conclude that Mr. Carey participated in the illegal fund-raising
and he is indicted. Federal prosecutors are also investigating accusations, made
by the Carey aides who pleaded guilty, that the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s
secretary-treasurer, Richard Trumka, helped channel teamster money through some
intermediaries into the Carey campaign. Mr. Carey and Mr. Trumka have denied any
wrongdoing.

Eager to throw their labor opponents on the defense, some Republicans in
Congress have seized on these cases to declare that unions are still pervaded by
corruption. But many labor experts contend that unions are far less corrupt than
they used to be largely because the Federal Government has cracked down on the
four unions that the President's Commission on Organized Crime identified in a
1986 report as the most mob-dominated. They were the teamsters, the laborers,
the hotel and restaurant employees and the International Longshoremen's
Association.

"When you think about violence, about the connections with organized crime and
the financial manipulations for personal gain, that kind of corruption, as best
I can tell, is dramatically lower than 25 years ago," said Richard Hurd, a
professor of labor studies at Cornell University. "Twenty-five years ago, we
used to hear about these things most often when someone was murdered. Now, it's
different. It's coming to the surface now for the right reasons -- there are
very serious efforts by government and some unions to clean up and expose
corruption."

Thanks to efforts by the Federal prosecutors, by a court-appointed investigative
board and by Mr. Carey, more than 390 teamster officials and members have been
punished or removed from the union over the past decade, often on grounds of
associating with organized crime figures. In the laborers, more than 100 members
and officials have been punished or ousted through an in-house investigation
that Mr. Coia encouraged, although investigators are now focusing on him. Mr.
Coia has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.

At the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s convention last month in Pittsburgh, many union leaders,
insisting on anonymity, said the scandals were unfortunate because they were
diverting attention from the message labor is trying to get out: that the labor
movement is back and is an important voice for American workers. When union
leaders speak publicly, rather than privately, they insist that the scandals
will neither do long-term damage to labor nor derail its revival.

"The continued success of the labor movement will not be affected by this
distraction," said Michael Goodwin, president of the Office and Professional
Employees Union.

Richard Bensinger, the labor federation's organizing director, said, "People out
there in the poultry plant are struggling to make a living and fear they will be
maimed tomorrow, and the last thing these people care about is this or that
scandal or what happens in the upper reaches of the union Beltway bureaucracy."

Mr. Sweeney has been largely silent on corruption, with aides saying he has felt
little reason to speak out on the issue since, until the recent flourish of
corruption charges, labor's ethical house, at least at the national union level,
seemed largely in order.

When asked last year whether the A.F.L.-C.I.O. was doing enough about
corruption, Mr. Sweeney said, "There is no more corruption in unions than there
is in business or in Congress."

Labor leaders contend that unions are victims of a double standard, that the
press and Government play up episodes of union corruption more than similar
corporate corruption.

But Mr. Fraser, the former U.A.W. president, said: "That business that it also
happens in other sectors of society, that's not an adequate answer. Like
Caesar's wife, labor has to be above suspicion.

"Business is about making money," he said, " but labor leaders are supposed to
be about helping workers."

The charges involving the teamsters and laborers are by no means the only recent
charges against labor officialdom. Last May, a Federal grand jury in Syracuse
indicted Joseph C. Talarico, the secretary-treasurer of the United Food and
Commercial Workers Union, and his brother on charges of embezzling $165,000 in
union money to remodel their homes. Mr. Talarico and his brother say they are
not guilty.

Last October, Frederick W. Devine, head of the carpenters' union in the New York
City area, was indicted on charges of stealing $240,000 to finance a spending
spree that included $10,955 to rent jet planes for two visits to a female friend
as well as a $2,000-a-night splurge for a 17-day stay in Florida. Mr. Devine
says he has been framed.

Also in New York City, three labor lawyers and a former president of the Transit
Patrolmen's Benevolent Association are on trial, based on allegations of a
kickback scheme in which the union official is accused of receiving $300,000
from the lawyers in exchange for awarding them $2 million in business.

Foes of union corruption also question the many Cadillac-driving presidents of
union locals whose salaries top $200,000 or who draw multiple salaries from
union locals, regional councils, international boards and welfare funds. Before
he was indicted and removed from office, Mr. Devine had an annual salary of
$410,000.

Union graft remains all too common, labor experts say, because many officials
who rise in the union hierarchy find it hard to resist temptation when they are
put in charge of multimillion-dollar treasuries. And organized-crime figures
have often viewed unions as easily accessible cookie jars.

One surprising development is that the leaders of the teamsters and the
laborers, the two unions that have been most aggressive about rooting out
corruption, now find themselves under a microscope.

Another possible surprise is that if Mr. Carey and Mr. Coia are ousted, they may
well be replaced by the sons of former union presidents who were repeatedly
linked to organized crime. James P. Hoffa, son of Jimmy Hoffa, is widely
considered the front-runner against Mr. Carey in the teamsters' election
scheduled for February. And Peter Fosco, son of Angelo Fosco, the late laborers'
president who prosecutors say was controlled by the Chicago Mafia, is a
laborers' official and is considered one of the favorites to succeed Mr. Coia.


LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             January 9, 2006 Monday
              F1 Edition; F2 Edition; McHenry Edition; F3 Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Fence Post; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 675 words


Animal shelter wish list became reality

Several weeks ago, the staff at Anderson Animal Shelter shared with the
community our holiday wish list of items to be used in caring for the animals at
the shelter.

Since that time, people of all ages and all walks of life have visited us,
bringing donations of pet food, toys, blankets and many other items on the list.

The response to our wish list has been truly overwhelming for all of us at the
shelter. We are deeply touched by the generosity of our friends and neighbors
who have responded to our need.

On behalf of the Anderson Board of Directors, staff and the many cats and dogs
who currently call the shelter home, I would like to extend a heartfelt "thank
you" to everyone who, through their kindness and generosity, has made this
holiday season a particularly memorable one for all of us.

Sarah Hill

Interim Executive Director

Anderson Animal Shelter

South Elgin

America has already taken what it wants

This is regarding Ruben Navarette's Jan. 4 column. To the reader who said,
"Mexico has nothing that any red-blooded American would want...."

I wish to offer the following items: California, Nevada, Utah, Southwestern.
Wyoming, Western Colorado, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas.

Furthermore, 90 years ago, when Woodrow Wilson was our president, he invaded
Mexico several times.

The Mexican people, tired of American soldiers wearing green uniforms occupying
their native land, resorted to shouting, "Green, go!" So strongly do Mexicans
identify with this action, the nickname is still popular to this day.

Have a good day, Gringos!

Diana Skipworth

Geneva

One party in control leads to corruption

The great race is on. Republican and some Democrat politicians are racing to
return "campaign contributions" received from Jack Abramoff.

Abramoff has agreed to testify against the legislators who sold off their votes
and influence in return for expensive trips and golf outings in Scotland. Our
own Dennis Hastert has said that he will donate the $70,000 received from
Abramoff to charity.

This is wonderful, but the question has to be, if the donation was legal, why
are the legislators are rushing to return them?

This latest scandal of corruption has to be good news for Democrats. At the rate
Republicans are being jailed, indicted and investigated for corruption, the
Democrats might regain control of the House through default.

But both parties are tainted by corruption; it just seems that the Republicans
are a little greedier.

It would be difficult to top the level of corruption of convicted Republican
"Duke" Cunningham of California.

This is just another example of the corruption that occurs when one party
controls all branches of government. Electing congressional Democrats this
November won't end the corruption, but it might reduce the level that it seems
to be at now.

Victor Darst

West Dundee

Guest worker plan is amnesty in disguise

Despite the president's denial, the guest worker proposal is amnesty in
disguise.

A guest worker program will not solve the illegal immigration problem. They will
continue to come across our borders to obtain government benefits, seek jobs and
gain automatic citizenship for their children born in the USA.

Politicians of both parties have been flooding this country with immigrants,
legal and illegal, since 1965. If present trends continue, we will have a
population of a half-billion in 40 years. In addition to straining our schools,
our courts and even our natural resources, our current policy is an enormous
burden on taxpayers and economic well being.

Please support, in its entirety, the House of Representatives' border
enforcement and control act and reject the Kennedy-McCain amnesty proposals.

Harry Westerberg

Huntley

Bush slow to realize an obvious truth

Upon reading the paper this morning, yes, the truth regarding President George
W. Bush has been confirmed as the headline read, "Bush admits intelligence
failures." I see it has taken six years for George to finally admit what the
bulk of America has understood for a very long time.

Mark Stastny

Rolling Meadows

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 17, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

U. S. Customs Admits Its Own Drug Corruption

BYLINE: By DAVID JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section A;  Page 13;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 939 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 16


The front-line role of the Customs Service in the Government's war against
illegal drugs has left the agency highly vulnerable to narcotics-related
corruption, Customs officials acknowledged today in a report to Congress.

The report, which was sent to a House panel with jurisdiction over the agency,
admitted that the service had failed to combat corruption aggressively. In an
atmosphere of neglect, internal affairs inquiries languished and were sometimes
impeded because of infighting, it said.

The report is the service's most extensive and critical examination of how it
deals with narcotics-related corruption and other internal affairs issues after
years in which sporadic corruption cases have tarnished the image of an agency
with 12,000 field inspection employees.

"The large amounts of illegal drugs that pass through U.S. Customs land, sea and
air ports of entry and the enormous amount of money at the disposal of drug
traffickers to corrupt law-enforcement personnel place Customs and its employees
at great risk to corruption," the report concluded.

Once focused on preventing the entry of illegal trade goods and farm products,
the service has been thrust in recent years into broad responsibilities in
interdicting narcotics, as inspectors monitor more than 300 ports of entry
through which marijuana, cocaine, heroin and other illegal drugs flow into the
United States.

The report was ordered by lawmakers, but Customs officials said the agency had
taken the initiative to review its approach to corruption issues. But the report
was sent to Congress at a time when lawmakers are expected to examine the
agency's internal affairs performance critically.

The report sought to focus on corrective measures, and Raymond W. Kelly, the
Customs Commissioner who is a former Police Commissioner of New York, said in an
interview today that he had introduced a series of changes. He has elevated the
internal affairs unit so it reports directly to him, ordered a tougher recruit
screening system and sought to reduce the years-long backlog of periodic
personnel investigations.

In addition, the agency announced today the hiring of William A. Keefer, a
former Federal prosecutor, to head the internal affairs unit. Mr. Keefer is
replacing Homer J. Williams, who was transferred after he became the subject of
a Federal inquiry in California into whether he told a colleague that she was
under scrutiny in a corruption case.

Referring to his experience as Police Commissioner in New York, Mr. Kelly said
in a letter to Representative Jim Kolbe, Republican of Arizona and chairman of
an appropriations committee panel that monitors Customs, "I know that questions
of integrity can erode public confidence in our law-enforcement institutions."

The report, by the Office of Professional Responsibility in the Customs Service,
sidestepped the issue of the extent to which corruption had already damaged the
agency's effectiveness. Although the service opened more than 180 felony or
misdemeanor cases against employees in 1997, the last year that statistics were
available, Mr. Kelly said the internal affairs system was unable to define the
scope of the problem precisely.

The report did not uncover evidence of systematic corruption, but did conclude
that "individual acts of corruption have occurred and continue to occur" that
placed the agency in danger of being undermined by its own employees.

In the last decade, eight Customs officers have been convicted of taking
payments from drug traffickers. In one case, in El Paso, two customs inspectors
tried to shake down an informer posing as a drug smuggler, one of them demanding
more than $1 million to look the other way when cocaine-laden vehicles crossed
Ciudad Juarez, the Mexican border city, into the United Sates.

Federal counternarcotics officials have said the level of corruption might be
higher than the numbers suggest based on the frequency of drug intelligence
reports indicating that Federal agents on the border had been compromised.

Moreover, the officials said the number of cases might be higher because the
corruption often required little involvement by an officer whose only overt
activity was to turn away when a car carrying drugs pulled up at an inspection
lane.

Such cases are extremely difficult to detect, given the volume of cross-border
traffic. In 1997, the last year statistics were available, the agency processed
more than 400 million passengers and 17 million cargo shipments and seized about
400 tons of illegal drugs.

One of the most serious issues to emerge in the report was the existence of
bitter animosity between the agency's internal affairs unit and the Office of
Investigations, which conducts criminal inquiries into violations of customs
laws.

The report found what it called a "long history of strife and infighting"
between the two units, an animosity based on investigations agents' belief that
agents assigned to internal affairs "are incompetent, overzealous and spend too
much time investigating matters that are unrelated to corruption."

Internal affairs agents who were interviewed in the course of the review said
the hostility had "a debilitating effect on their ability to perform their jobs
diligently" and "diminished the importance of their work."

Some agents cited instances in which investigations agents interfered with or
compromised investigations. The report did not cite specifics but said that two
Federal prosecutors had considered excluding Customs agents from corruption
cases because of the conflict that the report said had reached "critical
proportions."




http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 18, 1999, Thursday

CORRECTION:

A headline yesterday about the Customs Service's acknowledgment of vulnerability
to narcotics-related corruption misstated the conclusion of the service's
report. The agency said it had failed to combat corruption aggressively; it did
not admit to its own corruption.


                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 24, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Ending the Corruption Feud

SECTION: Section A;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 439 words


Within the last year, nearly 40 New York City police officers have been arrested
on corruption charges. City Hall sees the arrests as evidence that the
department can police itself. But it could also be argued that this recent
vigilance is at least partly a result of pressure from the Mollen commission's
corruption hearings last year and the City Council's subsequent campaign to
create an independent agency to monitor and investigate corruption.

The Council voted to create a strong agency with independent investigative and
subpoena powers, as the commission recommended. Mayor Rudolph Giuliani vetoed
the bill. Then, when the Council overrode him, he threatened to ignore the vote,
forcing the Council to take him to court to establish the agency. Governance by
litigation is threatening to become a habit with this Mayor.

Why is Mr. Giuliani resisting? Earlier he argued that a strong agency would
disrupt the existing anti-corruption efforts of the District Attorneys and the
police's Internal Affairs Division. He clings to that claim, despite Coucil
safeguards specifically aimed at avoiding such interference.

Mr. Giuliani's attorneys now argue that the new agency violates a provision of
the charter that requires a referendum on any law that abolishes, transfers or
curtails the powers of elected officials. But that concern seems exaggerated.
The bill expressly states that the primary responsibility for anti-corruption
investigations will remain with the police department, which operates under the
Mayor's authority. The Mayor also argues that the bill invades his power, but it
does not strip him of ability to shape the new agency. The Council proposes a
five-member Audit Board, two appointed by the mayor, two by the Council, and a
chairman approved by both. This arrangement already has precedents in city
government. The Board of Corrections and the Civilian Complaint Review Board
have a similar appointment structure.

Mr. Giuliani seems to worry about a rogue agency rumbling through the streets
and trampling on investigations. In the past he has argued for a board that was
mainly limited to oversight functions, with subpoena powers granted under
restricted circumstances. The problem is that such a toothless board would be at
the mercy of the very departments it was designed to monitor.

Council Speaker Peter Vallone wants to meet to work out a compromise. The Mayor
needs to put aside litigious power games and give the city a strong, independent
body that can zero in on corruption after the existing apparatus has failed --
which, if history is any guide, it periodically will.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                            February 24, 2003 Monday

City of New Orleans to get $1.5M to assist in anti-corruption efforts

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 107 words


The city of New Orleans will get $1.5 million from the federal government to
assist with its anti-corruption efforts. The New Orleans Police Department will
receive $1.3 million to help defray the cost of the mayor's ongoing initiative
to crack down on corruption in the city. Also, the Metropolitan Crime Commission
will receive $200,000 to continue its Watchdog Corruption Hotline, an avenue for
the public to report instances of government waste, corruption, mismanagement
and unethical behavior. U.S. Rep. David Vitter, R-Metairie, secured these funds
in the final spending bill approved by Congress earlier this month.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Preet prowls for more Albany dirt

BYLINE: , Pat Bailey and Carl Campanile

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 349 words


"Preet said he would do a deep dive into Albany corruption. This is it." -
Source on US Attorney Preet Bharara (right)

The federal prosecutor on a mission to crack down on corruption in New York
politics has requested all complaints of wrongdoing filed against public
officials with the state's ethics panel, The Post has learned.

Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara has filed a subpoena to review hundreds of
accusations and dozens of cases filed with the Joint Commission on Public Ethics
as part of an explosive grand-jury probe of potential Albany misdeeds, sources
close to the probe said.

Bharara's office will keep busy.

Last year, JCOPE received 250 complaints. There are 21 open investigations, and
69 other cases are under review.

JCOPE investigates public officials accused of conflict of interest, receiving
improper gifts, nepotism and other misdeeds. It also regulates lobbyists.

Bharara is following up on the investigative work of Gov. Cuomo's Moreland
Commission to Combat Public Corruption.

The federal prosecutor obtained the files of the Moreland panel after Cuomo
abruptly disbanded it when the state budget was approved.

"Preet said he would do a deep dive into Albany corruption. This is it," a
source familiar with the probe said.

State legislators and top administration officials file personal financial
disclosure reports with JCOPE.

A spokesman for the ethics panel said, "The Joint Commission on Public Ethics
routinely works with other law-enforcement agencies on various cases, but it
will not confirm or comment on any specific investigative matter."

A spokesman for Bharara declined to comment.

The offices of Cuomo, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Senate GOP leader Dean
Skelos also declined to comment.

JCOPE itself - a 14- member panel made up of appointees of Cuomo and the
Legislature - is not believed to be the target of the probe, a source said.

But critics have accused JCOPE of foot-dragging on ethics complaints or blocking
other probes because of outside pressure from Albany power brokers.

pbailey@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: US Attorney Preet Bharara. [Reuters]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              May 22, 2011 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

BYLINE: Compiled by Greg Victor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; CUTTING EDGE: NEW IDEAS, SHARP OPINIONS; Pg. F-4

LENGTH: 702 words



b> GROPING POLITICIANS

/b>

Kate Harding at kateharding.info questions how the media cover gropers. She
notes a story about Arnold Schwarzenegger's love child last week that mentioned
he was elected after being accused of serial groping and that "eventually, a
total of 16 women, 11 of them giving their names, described physical
humiliations suffered at the hands of [Mr. Schwarzenegger]."

Ms. Harding writes: "Could folks maybe quit writing and/or publishing articles
suggesting that Dominique Strauss-Kahn has historically gotten a pass on
sexually assaulting women because that's just how the French say howdy, but that
uptight, puritanical Americans would totally never let a powerful man get away
with a pattern of unwanted groping? Because I'm pretty sure Schwarzenegger is a
perfect example of uptight, puritanical Americans doing the exact same thing."

b> CORRUPTION IN THE USA

/b>

Joshua Holland at Alternet writes about the revelation last week that a man
doing business with the city of New Orleans had "plied city officials with
almost $900,000 in bribes and kickbacks," including "good-old-boy poker parties
complete with the requisite hookers."

Mr. Holland says "the story represents the kind of corruption that makes splashy
headlines, and of course, rightly outrages people. But the impact of this kind
of criminality on our governance pales beside that of the everyday, entirely
legal kind of corruption most people seem to take more or less for granted."

He then cites case after case of politicians taking campaign contributions from
industries they favor with legislation, as well as FCC Commissioner Meredith
Attwell Baker's announcement last week she would leave her position early to
take a lucrative lobbying job for Comcast just months after approving the
company's controversial merger with NBC.

b> DAMN YANKEES!

/b>

Chris Friend at PAWaterCooler.com: "There's good news and bad news for the New
York Yankees. The bad news is that their payroll -- always the biggest in
baseball -- hasn't produced. Hey, they haven't won a World Series in over a
year! ...

"[But it] turns out they will have extra money to spend ... now that they won't
be shelling out big bucks to renovate the stadium of their AAA minor league team
in Scranton/Wilkes Barre.

"You see, the Yanks' windfall is courtesy of Pennsylvania taxpayers, who are on
the hook for $20 million to upgrade the stadium. And who authorized such an
expenditure at a time when the state is facing a $4.2 billion deficit?

"Republican Gov. Tom Corbett. The same person who, during his campaign last
year, championed fiscal restraint and the need for government to return to its
core functions." Obama showed up late

Elliot Abrams at National Review Online points out two problems with President
Barack Obama's speech on the Middle East Thursday. One is what Mr. Abrams
considers Mr. Obama's unrealistic approach to the Israeli/Palestinian conflict.
The other is:

"The first thing he did was take credit for the Arab Spring, saying he had
supported it all along. This is simply not true. The by-word early in his
administration was 'engagement,' with a caustic rejection of the Bush 'Freedom
Agenda.' Bush's tougher policies toward Iran and Syria were to be replaced by
outreach, discussion, diplomacy -- far more civilized. And that engagement was
with the rulers, not the ruled; Obama's was a world of states, and you engaged
with the people ruling them."

b> PURGE THE CRAZIES

/b>

David Rothkopf at ForeignPolicy.com writes on the early jockeying for the GOP
presidential nomination among personalities such as Sarah Palin, Donald Trump,
Rick Santorum, Newt Gingrich and Michele Bachmann:

"Crazy peaked too early. The fringe candidates pre-marginalized themselves. And
that's why my money is on the longest of long-shots in American politics, not a
candidate, but a process: A 2012 presidential campaign featuring a serious
debate about the issues between thoughtful candidates.

"In part, we can thank the first wave of Republican presidential 'candidates'
who arrived on the scene crowded into a clown car and proceeded to climb all
over themselves to distinguish their particular form of high-functioning lunacy
from that of the human punch line next to them."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Compiled by Greg Victor (gvictor@post-gazette.com)./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Political corruption vs. plain old politics

BYLINE: BY BILL HAMMOND

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 633 words


After the arrest of top leaders in both the Assembly and state Senate earlier
this year, some legislators professed to be confused about how to pass laws
without breaking them.

If, for example, Senate Republicans had traded action on rent regulation in
exchange for Assembly approval of a tax break for landlords, would U.S. Attorney
Preet Bharara slap them all in handcuffs?

"You just don't give rent control for nothing," one anonymous senator told the
Daily News in May. "Usually it's part of a broader deal for something we want. .
. . Will (Bharara) try to make connections between campaign contributions to
whatever gets done?"

Well, Albany pols now have their answer - courtesy of a "Celebrity Apprentice"
star with improbable hair, an oversized ego and a penchant for outrageous
remarks.

I'm referring, of course, to former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.

Remember him? He was the one empowered to fill the Senate seat vacated by Barack
Obama after the 2008 election - and seized the opportunity with memorable
relish.

"I've got this thing, and it's f---ing golden," Blagojevich was heard to say on
a federal wiretap. "I'm just not giving it up for f---ing nothing."

He offered to appoint the President-elect's longtime friend and adviser Valerie
Jarrett to the Senate if President Obama, in turn, would name Blagojevich to a
cabinet post, or maybe set him up with a high-salaried private-sector job.

Obama, thankfully, said no.

"They're not willing to give me anything except appreciation," the jilted
schemer complained. "F--k them."

Nauseating as his actions were, however, they were only half-illegal. This is
according to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit, which recently threw
out Blagojevich's convictions on five of 18 corruption counts - including the
counts related to his attempted bartering of the Senate seat.

The court drew a distinction that sometimes gets lost in loose talk about
political corruption:

Trading an official act for private benefit is a crime that can and should land
you in prison. But trading that same official act for another official act falls
into the category of "logrolling" - the sometimes ugly but legitimate
give-and-take that greases the wheels of democracy.

"Governance would hardly be possible without these accommodations," Judge Frank
Easterbrook wrote for the unanimous court.

He noted that former Chief Justice Earl Warren - author of the landmark Brown
vs. Board of Education ruling against racial segregation - secured his job,
according to some historians, by delivering the California delegation for Dwight
Eisenhower at the 1952 Republican convention.

Because the difference between extortion and logrolling was not properly
explained to the Blagojevich jury, five counts were overturned and sent back to
the lower court for resentencing and possible retrial.

But the appeals court upheld 13 other convictions - including several where
Blagojevich tried to trade official actions for campaign donations.

So how does the court's decision apply to confused and worried Albany
politicians? It depends on what they're really up to in those legendary
closed-door back rooms.

Ex-Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver allegedly bartered his influence - over both
government grants and rent laws - to secretly enrich himself with $6 million in
legal fees. If true, that's the definition of private benefit.

Ex-Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos is charged with pressuring businesses who
needed his help in the Legislature to hire his son for more than $200,000 worth
of no-show and little-show jobs. The facts as alleged clearly cross the court's
line.

But if lawmakers limit their horse-trading to official actions - say, trading
Senate approval of one bill for Assembly approval of another - they should have
nothing to fear from Bharara.

whammond@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN; OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.

                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 14, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

At Dayton Talks, Bosnians Agree to Fight Corruption

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: DAYTON, Ohio, Nov. 13



Seeking ways to meet goals of the 1995 Dayton peace accords, Bosnian leaders and
U.S. diplomats recommended today a commission to fight corruption and more
aggressive NATO pursuit of war criminals.

The announcement was made after two days of talks following up on the
four-year-old agreement that ended fighting, but left Bosnia divided among
ethnic groups, with a weak economy and millions of refugees.

U.S. Ambassador Robert Frowick applauded the new agreement, saying reducing
corruption is essential if Bosnia is to become economically self-sufficient.

"Before we can get to this kind of self-sustainability, corruption has to be
rooted out and brought under control to the maximum extent possible," he said.

Pro-Western Bosnian Serb leader Milorad Doik and Edhem Bicakcic, prime minister
of Bosnia and Herzegovina, agreed to establish a joint anti-corruption group.

Since the war ended, the international community has pledged $ 5.1 billion for
the reconstruction of Bosnia. But the Bosnian government has lost millions of
dollars, much of it from failing to collect tax and customs revenue.

The group also recommended that the NATO peacekeeping forces in Bosnia be more
aggressive about finding and arresting war criminals.

In November 1995, U.S. mediators brought Muslim, Serb and Croatian negotiators
here to push for an end to the war in the former Yugoslavia. An agreement
stopped the fighting but produced a country divided between a Muslim-Croat
federation and a Bosnian Serb republic, and virtually partitioned among the
ethnic groups.


LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post

                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

Hawaii: PNG Launches New Fraud, Corruption Court

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Chief Justice Sir Salamo Inji launched the new National Court Fraud and
Corruption Track at the Waigani courthouse last Friday.

It is a special court track of the National Court crimes division established
under fraud and corruption cases.

Sir Salamo said the initiative to set up the track began with the promulgation
of the Fraud and Corruption Related offences Rules 2013 by the judges last
November.

He said under those rules, all criminal offences under the Criminal Code which
had elements of fraud, dishonesty and corruption would be classified as fraud
and corruption cases.

It is an initiative of the judiciary to fast-track the disposition of fraud and
corruption cases. It will operate in Waigani.

It seeks to address government and community concerns that the courts are not
doing enough to expedite the conduct of criminal cases which are of public
interest.

Deputy Chief Justice Gibbs Salika was appointed the judge administrator of the
track.

He has the overall management responsibility over cases which come under it.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              May 12, 2006 Friday

FBI taps a deep vein in corruption sweep;
Cases include prominent wrongdoers

BYLINE: David Johnston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 890 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A post 9/11 effort by the FBI to concentrate on public corruption in the United
States now includes more than 2,000 investigations, highlighted by the Jack
Abramoff lobbying inquiry, the racketeering and fraud conviction of former
Governor George Ryan Sr. of Illinois and the multipronged corruption probes
following the guilty plea by Randy Cunningham, a former Republican House member
from San Diego, bureau officials said.

As one of the Bush administration's least known anti-crime efforts, the
three-year FBI initiative has yielded an unexpectedly rich array of cases. The
results suggest that wrongdoing by public officials at all levels of government
is deeply rooted and widespread. Several of the highest profile cases in which
the FBI played an active role involve Republicans.

Bureau officials believe the investment in corruption cases is easily worth the
cost. In 2004 and 2005, more than 1,060 government employees have been convicted
of corrupt activities as well as 177 federal officials, 158 state officials, 360
local officials and 365 police officers, according to FBI statistics. That is a
27 percent increase in the number of convictions in the last two years.

In a telephone interview Wednesday, the FBI director, Robert Mueller 3rd, said
that the bureau is uniquely positioned to investigate corruption. Recalling his
days as a prosecutor on a police corruption case in Boston, he said: ''Having
prosecuted public corruption cases, you come to realize first of all that public
corruption tears the fabric of a democratic society. You lose faith in public
officials. It leads to cynicism. It leads to distrust in government.''

In setting priorities, the bureau's corruption effort has forced it to shift
agents from other criminal programs. Violent street gangs, organized crime and
large-scale narcotics trafficking organizations remain high priorities.

But FBI officials like Chris Swecker, the bureau's top criminal enforcement
official, acknowledged that the FBI has reduced its investigation of
single-victim fraud cases, smaller, localized drug rings and nonviolent bank
robberies.

''We've had to make some very difficult choices,'' Swecker said.

Mueller was to give his first speech on the bureau's corruption effort Thursday
in San Diego, which Cunningham represented in Congress before he resigned and
pleaded guilty to accepting more than $2 million for steering defense contracts
to friends and supporters.

In the interview, Mueller said the FBI paid no attention to whether a public
official was a Republican or a Democrat.

''We have traditionally had the independence to investigate corruption
regardless of political affiliation and no matter how powerful the official
is,'' he said.

''Over the years it has not made any difference to the FBI,'' he added. ''People
from both parties have been investigated.''

The FBI is opening a Web site (reportcorruption.fbi.gov) through which people
can send tips on corruption, although not anonymously, that will be reviewed by
agents at the bureau's headquarters.

At the top of the FBI list are several well-known cases.

Perhaps the most far reaching involves Abramoff, the former lobbyist at the
center of a sweeping federal investigation into whether he improperly influenced
legislative decisions in Congress, who pleaded guilty earlier this year in
Washington and Florida to corruption-related charges.

In Illinois, Ryan was convicted last month of 18 counts of helping to award
state business to supporters and misusing state resources for his political
benefit.

Not all high profile cases involve Republicans. Last week, a Louisville
businessman pleaded guilty in federal court in Virginia to bribing
Representative William Jefferson, Democrat of Louisiana, with more than $400,000
in payments, stock in his high-tech company and a share of the profits to
promote the firm's high-tech business ventures in Africa.

Jefferson has denied he ever accepted payments in return for government service.

Much of the public corruption caseload involves state and local officials. With
names like Lively Green, an investigation into corruption along the southwest
border; Wrinkled Robe, a bribery inquiry that led to several arrests including
that of two state judges in Louisiana; Tennessee Waltz, a sting operation which
led to the arrest of several Tennessee state lawmakers; and Midas Touch, an
investigation of the New Mexico state treasurer's office, the FBI has reached
into government operations throughout the United States.

The agency has long prosecuted public corruption, but in the 1980s and 1990s
gangs, drugs and violent crime had a higher priority than corruption cases.

''In the field offices corruption wasn't always the highest priority,'' Swecker
said. He said that top officials in the bureau's 56 field offices, known as
''SACs,'' largely set their own priorities.

''The director recognized the need for greater clarity and priorities. I don't
think anybody recognized the number and quality of cases we would generate.''

In the restructuring of the FBI after the September 2001 attacks, as hundreds of
agents were shifted from criminal work to counterterrorism, bureau officials
moved more than 200 agents to corruption as an area in which the FBI had almost
exclusive responsibility, and in which Mueller and his aides believed the bureau
could have the greatest impact.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

FBI Launches South Texas Corruption Probe

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: ENFORCEMENT Vol. 1 No. 34226

LENGTH: 535  words


DALLAS - A special task force led by the FBI is launching a sweeping probe of
public corruption in Texas' Rio Grande Valley, the agency said.

The task force includes FBI agents, Texas Rangers, Customs and Border Protection
Internal Affairs, Homeland Security's Office of Inspector General, and the
Housing and Urban Development Office of Inspector General, among others.

"We're going after school boards, county commissioners, tax assessment offices,
health care fraud, anywhere public money is received," FBI Supervisory Special
Agent Rock Stone told the San Antonio Express-News. "There is an inherent public
trust in those offices and they must be held to a higher standard."

FBI agent Michelle Lee told The Bond Buyer that the municipal bond community
will not be off-limits.

"We will be looking at all possible public corruption matters that may fall
within the FBI's investigative responsibility," Lee said.

One recent scandal involving the use of bond money occurred in the South Texas
city of Progresso, where an architect was charged with conspiracy and bribery as
part of Progresso Independent School District investigation.

Architect Jesus Bustos is accused of having money delivered to Progresso ISD
board member Michael Vela in exchange for contracts. Bustos is free on $100,000
bond. Vela and his brother, the mayor of Progresso, were both convicted.

A former Cameron County district attorney was recently sentenced to 13 years in
prison for a corruption scheme that led to charges against a state district
judge and former state representative.

"There seems to be a general concept down here that things are the way they are
and nobody is going to do anything about it," Stone told the Express-News. "That
is especially true in these small communities where you have a single
gatekeeper, or several members of an extended family in elected positions."

Cameron County District Attorney Luis V. Saenz launched a public integrity unit
in 2013, netting a guilty plea in April from a county commissioner on coercion
of a public servant.

Stone said the Rio Grande Valley Border Corruption Task Force already has
several cases underway.

A similar investigation in El Paso County lasted for more than seven years and
recently concluded after several top officials, including the county judge, two
county commissioners, local school board members and others pleaded guilty to
bribery and related charges.

That investigation led to convictions of two bankers with the defunct Bear
Stearns investment bank and mention of other financial advisory services firms
in court documents.

"While our task force was not structured to replicate any other public
corruption task force, our investigations may eventually target similar corrupt
activity," Lee said.

The Rio Grande Valley, where business is often transacted across the border with
Mexico, has long had a reputation for corruption.

The investigation comes on the heels of Texas Gov.-elect Greg Abbott's
controversial comments deploring practices of the South Texas region.

"This creeping corruption resembles third-world country practices that erode the
social fabric of our communities and destroys Texans' trust in government," he
said in a videotaped speech in Dallas.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

FBI Launches South Texas Corruption Probe

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: ENFORCEMENT Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 535  words


DALLAS - A special task force led by the FBI is launching a sweeping probe of
public corruption in Texas' Rio Grande Valley, the agency said.

The task force includes FBI agents, Texas Rangers, Customs and Border Protection
Internal Affairs, Homeland Security's Office of Inspector General, and the
Housing and Urban Development Office of Inspector General, among others.

"We're going after school boards, county commissioners, tax assessment offices,
health care fraud, anywhere public money is received," FBI Supervisory Special
Agent Rock Stone told the San Antonio Express-News. "There is an inherent public
trust in those offices and they must be held to a higher standard."

FBI agent Michelle Lee told The Bond Buyer that the municipal bond community
will not be off-limits.

"We will be looking at all possible public corruption matters that may fall
within the FBI's investigative responsibility," Lee said.

One recent scandal involving the use of bond money occurred in the South Texas
city of Progresso, where an architect was charged with conspiracy and bribery as
part of Progresso Independent School District investigation.

Architect Jesus Bustos is accused of having money delivered to Progresso ISD
board member Michael Vela in exchange for contracts. Bustos is free on $100,000
bond. Vela and his brother, the mayor of Progresso, were both convicted.

A former Cameron County district attorney was recently sentenced to 13 years in
prison for a corruption scheme that led to charges against a state district
judge and former state representative.

"There seems to be a general concept down here that things are the way they are
and nobody is going to do anything about it," Stone told the Express-News. "That
is especially true in these small communities where you have a single
gatekeeper, or several members of an extended family in elected positions."

Cameron County District Attorney Luis V. Saenz launched a public integrity unit
in 2013, netting a guilty plea in April from a county commissioner on coercion
of a public servant.

Stone said the Rio Grande Valley Border Corruption Task Force already has
several cases underway.

A similar investigation in El Paso County lasted for more than seven years and
recently concluded after several top officials, including the county judge, two
county commissioners, local school board members and others pleaded guilty to
bribery and related charges.

That investigation led to convictions of two bankers with the defunct Bear
Stearns investment bank and mention of other financial advisory services firms
in court documents.

"While our task force was not structured to replicate any other public
corruption task force, our investigations may eventually target similar corrupt
activity," Lee said.

The Rio Grande Valley, where business is often transacted across the border with
Mexico, has long had a reputation for corruption.

The investigation comes on the heels of Texas Gov.-elect Greg Abbott's
controversial comments deploring practices of the South Texas region.

"This creeping corruption resembles third-world country practices that erode the
social fabric of our communities and destroys Texans' trust in government," he
said in a videotaped speech in Dallas.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 21, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Venezuela president ordered to stand trial

BYLINE: Juan J. Walte

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 273 words


Venezuelan leader Carlos Andres Perez faces corruption charges in a trial that
could cost him his job and end his political career.

Venezuela's Supreme Court, in a historic but not unexpected decision Thursday,
ordered Perez to face trial. He's the first leader in the country's 35-year
democratic history to be indicted on charges of embezzlement and misuse of
funds.

"I don't know why they're doing what they are doing to me," said Perez, calling
the allegations a conspiracy against him.

In making the decision, "the court understood the level of rage in Venezuelan
society against the ruling political class, of which Perez is the most prominent
symbol," said Richard Millett, a senior associate at the University of Miami's
North-South Center.

If Venezuela's Senate ratifies the high court's decision, and if Perez is
convicted, the 70-year-old president faces a prison term of up to three years.

Perez, whose term expires Feb. 2, is required by law to resign for the duration
of his trial.

Perez is the second leader of a major Latin American nation indicted on
corruption charges.

Brazilian President Fernando Collor de Mello, 43, was recently forced to resign
his presidency under impeachment, just as his corruption trial was beginning in
the Senate.

"Even though there is no good word for it in Spanish, the fact is that people in
Latin America are beginning to demand accountability," said Millett. "It's the
impact of the mass media. . . . You can't do these things in the shadows
anymore."

Venezuela, one-third larger than Texas, is the USA's second-largest source of
foreign oil after Saudi Arabia.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Ricardo Mazalan, AP; PHOTO, b/w, AP

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             January 8, 2010 Friday

Corruption not limited to Afghanistan

BYLINE: JOEL GUTENSOHN Bismarck

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 337 words


Graft not just in Afghanistan

I have recently returned from Afghanistan, where I spent a year mentoring Afghan
police general officers on narcotics operations and airport security issues.

Following my return to North Dakota, I have heard numerous comments about
corruption issues with Afghan police and politicians. "Why should we be involved
in a country where the corruption is rampant?"

An average Afghan police officer earns approximately $80 to $120 per month,
while it requires a salary of approximately $300 per month for a family to live.
The difference is usually made up by graft and bribes. Until the officers
receive a livable wage, the corruption will be a fact of life.

However, after witnessing the current politics being played in Washington D.C.,
I have determined the Afghan corruption issue pales in comparison. We have
recently witnessed payoffs of $300 million to Sen. Mary Landrieu for Louisiana
and $100 million to Sen. Ben Nelson for Nebraska for their votes on the health
care bill. California will also reap a $300 million "consideration" for the
support of that state's delegation.

I can only wait for the big shakedown to occur when Senate Majority Leader Harry
Reid comes back to get the votes required for final passage of the health bill.
It has been reported that Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi plan to skip the
typical conference committee process because the motions agreed to in the Senate
"would need 60 votes all over again." Instead, whatever agreements are made
could be incorporated into an amendment to the bills passed by a simple majority
in the House and Senate. We, the taxpayers, are not only footing the exorbitant
costs of the health bill itself, we are paying the additional cost of bribes
necessary for its passage.

I would prefer not to be part of this unholy conspiracy. I also don't look
forward to answering questions from my Afghan counterparts about the corrupt
practices of the U.S. Congress when I return to Kabul. @Headline bold:Corruption
not limited to Afghanistan

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           November 3, 2007 Saturday
                                 JERSEY Edition

Voters in N.J. seem tolerant;
In Pa., corruption is not rewarded at the polls. Not the case in N.J., on the
eve of Tuesday's elections.

BYLINE: By Maria Panaritis; Inquirer Trenton Bureau

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Inq Politics New Jersey; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 925 words



TRENTON - New Jersey, where corruption is being rooted out, is on pace to
challenge a Pennsylvania record that fueled a massive voter revolt three decades
ago.

New Jersey: At least 160 public officials have been fingered for criminal
corruption since 2002.

Pennsylvania: About 270 public officials were slapped with corruption charges in
a four-year period in the late 1970s.

But voter vengeance has not followed in New Jersey.

In Pennsylvania, voters were so fed up with corruption 30 years ago they removed
the incumbent party from the governor's mansion and from the Capitol in 1978.
They staged another insurgency last year, wiping out two dozen incumbents over
pay raises. They are trying to do the same with judicial candidates this year.

In New Jersey, where a corruption-crusading U.S. attorney has unleashed a string
of high-profile indictments against lawmakers and other public officials, voters
seem to have a much higher tolerance for the status quo.

Heading into Tuesday's elections, voters here have waged no wholesale war
against incumbents, despite polls showing they are disgusted with corruption and
unhappy with their 120-person Legislature.

Only a handful of incumbents face a serious challenge statewide - even though
the Democratic-controlled Legislature's approval rating recently dropped to 30
percent.

It is a contradiction that befuddles even the experts. Some say New Jersey
voters are too "cynical" to make a difference on Election Day. Others say the
state's county political bosses are so influential in state elections that
effective, grass-roots voter movements seldom take hold.

But above all, it seems, despite the growing tally of corruption investigations
across the state, plenty of lawmakers have stayed out of handcuffs. And for
this, they will be rewarded by voters, who see them as innocent.

"New Jersey politicians find all sorts of innovative ways to cheat and rob, so
it's not as though there's one great scandal that's picking up dozens of
legislators," said Tim Vercellotti, director of the Eagleton Institute of
Politics at Rutgers University. "These are discrete cases that are occurring."

So far this year, federal prosecutors have charged two state senators and two
assemblymen with corruption offenses. At least two others are under federal
investigation. Many other public officials across the state face state and
federal charges. All six are majority-party Democrats.

State lawmakers, on the whole, and Democrats, in particular, who control both
chambers, were additionally criticized this year for passing government "reform"
laws that were perceived as too watered down to be of great consequence.

Despite all this, only a handful of incumbents face a real challenge Tuesday.
And Democrats in this heavily Democratic state are expected to retain full
control of the Legislature.

This voter disconnect between perception and action at the ballot box is all the
more confounding, observers say, given that polls - including one last month by
Vercellotti at Rutgers - show voter perceptions of public corruption in New
Jersey have increased.

Sixty-six percent of the state's 4.8 million registered voters said there is a
lot of political corruption in the state - up sharply from 47 percent about
three years ago, according to the poll.

"I think the public becomes apathetic. They throw their hands up and say,
'What's the use. My voice isn't important.' I've heard that from residents,"
said Cindy Rau-Hatton, a former music teacher who waged a successful campaign to
become mayor of Gloucester Township last year.

"They just feel that their vote doesn't matter," Rau-Hatton said.

Rau-Hatton, a Republican, defeated well-financed opponents through a grass-roots
campaign that grew from her work as a longtime community advocate.

She said her opponents drew campaign money from county party officials, whose
same money and vote-getting operations also have considerable influence over
state races.

It is that party-boss structure, some say, that has thwarted the emergence of
boot-the-incumbent movements like those in Pennsylvania.

In Pennsylvania, lawmakers provoked the formation of at least four reform groups
when, in July 2005, they passed a pay package in the middle of the night that
increased their salaries and those of judges and state officials.

It caused their approval rating to drop to 25 percent.

"You had a majority of both of our chambers vote for something that was very
unpopular," said G. Terry Madonna, a pollster and political analyst from
Franklin & Marshall College in Pennsylvania.

Four reform groups were created, Madonna said, "with the purpose of trying to
change the culture in our state capital."

A similar thing happened in New Jersey a good while ago - but the issue was
taxes and the year was 1990.

Jim Florio was elected governor in 1989 on a promise not to raise taxes. A year
later, he broke that promise. He was ousted after his first term in an election
that saw Republicans sweep into power.

The advocacy groups behind that effort eventually faded away, officials said.

One current reform group in New Jersey is led by a former state lawmaker who
believes a strong, anti-corruption governor is needed, in part, to inspire more
voter revolts.

Bill Schluter, cochair of Citizens for the Public Good, says Gov. Corzine has
fallen short, compromising with Democrats to weaken reform bills.

"You've got to get a candidate for governor who's got fire in his belly," said
Schluter.

Contact staff writer Maria Panaritis at 609-989-7373 or
mpanaritis@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 25, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

N.Y.P.D. Clean

BYLINE: By Mark H. Moore and David M. Kennedy;  Mark H. Moore is a professor,
and David M. Kennedy is a fellow, in the criminal justice program at the John F.
Kennedy School of Government at Harvard. They were the principal academic
consultants to the Mollen Commission.

SECTION: Section A; Page 19; Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 513 words


In recommending a new approach to police corruption in New York -- an
independent audit commission to monitor the Police Department's anticorruption
activities -- the Mollen Commission prompted a reasonable question: why should
anyone think this approach would succeed where so many others have failed?

Success in controlling corruption lies in facing two unpalatable truths. The
first, that the police alone cannot fight corruption successfully for long, is
by now all too obvious; it's why so many people say the solution lies in an
independent special prosecutor.

The second truth is less familiar but no less powerful: no outside body can
permanently reduce police corruption unless the full weight of the department's
own management and culture is brought to bear.

The corrupt officer must fear that his lieutenant, his sergeant, even his
partner will inform on his corrupt activities without hesitation. He must know
that civilian complaints about him will be investigated rigorously, that rookies
around him are trained in how to recognize and resist his corrupt overtures,
that undercover officers are setting clever traps to ferret him out.

Right now the department is taking corruption seriously, as it did during past
scandals. This shows the importance of an outside "voltage generator" running an
anticorruption current through the department. Top commanders and ordinary
officers will overcome their natural reluctance to take on their colleagues (and
make the department look bad) only with support from and accountability to
outsiders. That is why a permanent outside agency is needed.

Why not a prosecutor, then? Because a prosecutor cannot deliver a reformed
department. While such an office might well strike terror in the hearts of the
corrupt, it would be the terror of the lightning strike: awful, but distant and
unlikely. A prosecutor's office makes cases; it could not oversee the overall
performance of the department. And by fixing the center of anticorruption
activities outside the department, it would make it easy for the department to
unite against the outsiders and shirk responsibility for fighting corruption and
for instilling a corruption-resistant culture.

An external audit agency, by contrast, could force a sustained, department-wide
focus on the values, culture, systems and operations that bear on corruption
control. The department needs to be told when it is doing a bad job, and when it
is doing a good one; it needs advice on where and how to improve its
performance; and those assessments must be presented in a clear and public way.
In short, the department needs the kind of systematic and unblinking scrutiny
that until now it has received only during scandals.

With outside help, the department can mobilize itself to prevent corruption and,
more important, sustain that mobilization. Without such outside help -- even in
the presence of a special prosecutor -- its efforts will soon sink down to the
sorry, halfhearted and defensive state in which the Mollen Commission and its
predecessors found them.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Illinois governor on his way to prison; Blagojevich defends actions, appeals
14-year jail term

BYLINE: Andrew Stern, Reuters

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich on Wednesday used his final public
appearance before reporting to prison to defend his political actions and
express confidence that his conviction on federal corruption charges will
ultimately be overturned.

Blagojevich called his looming 14-year prison sentence, which starts on
Thursday, a "dark and hard journey," but said he would draw strength from his
belief that he had "helped real, ordinary people" during his years in office.

"We still have faith in the future," Blagojevich told the crowd of about 300
people who gathered outside his home on Chicago's north side to hear his final
statement, which was timed to coincide with 5 p.m. news shows.

"We are appealing the case," Blagojevich said with his tearful wife Patti at his
side. "We have great trust and faith in the appeal and while my faith in things
has sometimes been challenged, I still believe this is America, this is a
country that is governed by the rule of law," he said.

Blagojevich was arrested in his north side home by FBI on the morning of Dec. 9,
2008 on political corruption charges, including an allegation that he conspired
to sell the Senate seat vacated by President Barack Obama in return for
political favours and donations.

Three years and two trials later, Blagojevich was convicted of political
corruption and U.S. District Court Judge James Zagel sentenced the two-term
governor and father of two daughters to 14 years in prison for corruption.

Only at his sentencing in December 2011 did he finally apologize but Zagel said
it was too late.

Assigned prisoner number 40892-424, Blagojevich, 55, is scheduled to surrender
on Thursday and will be at a prison in Colorado.

The imprisonment of Blagojevich, a Democrat, means the last two Illinois
governors will be behind bars, and he becomes the fourth governor in the state
to be convicted of crimes since the 1960s. His Republican predecessor George
Ryan is also in prison.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             March 19, 2007 Monday

Fired prosecutor sought search of CIA official's home;
Republicans call for better answers from White House on firings of 8 U.S.
attorneys.

BYLINE: New Era Wire Services

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 439  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


New Era wire services

WASHINGTON - Fired San Diego U.S. attorney Carol Lam notified the Justice
Department that she intended to execute search warrants on a high-ranking CIA
official as part of a corruption probe the day before a Justice Department
official sent an e-mail that said Lam needed to be fired, U.S. Sen. Dianne
Feinstein said Sunday.

Feinstein, D-Calif., said the timing of the e-mail suggested that Lam's
dismissal may have been connected to the corruption probe.

Justice Department spokesman Brian Roehrkasse denied in an e-mail that there was
any link.

"We have stated numerous times that no U.S. attorney was removed to retaliate
against or inappropriately interfere with any public corruption investigation or
prosecution," he wrote. "This remains the case and there is no evidence that
indicates otherwise."

But the revelation is sure to heighten demands in Congress for a full
investigation into whether something other than job performance was behind the
Justice Department's dismissals late last year of eight U.S. attorneys,
including Lam.

On Sunday, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., said he
intends to force President Bush's top political adviser, Karl Rove, to testify
and will insist that the testimony be under oath. Leahy, who appeared on ABC's
"This Week," said he is "sick and tired" of the administration's changing
rationale for the firings.

Justice Department officials originally told Congress that the U.S. attorneys
had been dismissed for poor performance. But since it's become known that most
of the attorneys received positive job evaluations.

Also Sunday, Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee said the Bush
administration needs to be more straightforward about the White House's role in
the dismissals.

"I've told the attorney general that I think this has been mishandled, that by
giving inaccurate information ... at the outset, it's caused a real firestorm,
and he better get the facts out fast," said Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas.

The White House was also expected to announce this week whether it will let
political strategist Karl Rove, former White House counsel Harriet Miers and
other officials testify or will seek to assert executive privilege in preventing
their appearance.

Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter, the top Republican on the committee, said he
talked with Fielding on Friday and was reserving judgment. Specter said he'd
like to see Rove and Miers testify openly.

"I want to see exactly what the White House response is," Specter said. "Maybe
the White House will come back and say, 'We'll permit them to be interviewed and
we'll give them all the records."'

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Panel: Border agency needs more agents probing corruption

BYLINE: Elliot Spagat The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 520 words


SAN DIEGO >> A panel of law enforcement experts found that U.S. Customs and
Border Protection has made little movement on a call to sharply increase the
number of agents assigned to investigate internal corruption, calling it a
mistake that could lead to a major scandal if it isn't addressed more quickly.

The panel, led by New York City Police Commissioner William Bratton and former
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration chief Karen Tandy, urged the nation's
largest law enforcement agency in June 2015 to more than double the number of
internal affairs criminal investigators to 550 from about 200. It said the
agency's 2017 budget calls for an increase of only 30 investigators, meaning it
would take about a decade to fulfill the recommendation at that pace.

"This leaves CBP vulnerable to a corruption scandal that could potentially
threaten the security of our nation," the panel wrote in its 58-page final
report.

The report notes other anti-corruption efforts - steps to temporarily transfer
57 internal affairs investigators from other agencies within the U.S. Department
of Homeland Security and for the FBI to commit unspecified resources - but it
urges swifter action and more authority for the Customs and Border Protection
commissioner to tackle allegations of wrongdoing by its 60,000 employees.

"Currently there is no one who the Secretary of Homeland Security can clearly
hold accountable for seeing to it that corruption does not take root within CBP
and that our national security interests at our nation's border are not
compromised by corrupt CBP personnel," the panel wrote.

A massive hiring surge during the last decade has fueled concerns about
corruption, use of force and lack of transparency at Customs and Border
Protection, which was created in 2003 as part of the Department of Homeland
Security to oversee the Border Patrol and manage the nation's ports of entry.

Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson created the Customs and Border
Protection Integrity Advisory Panel in December 2014 to address the concerns.
The 10-member panel, which includes a former FBI director and former Tucson,
Arizona, police chief, was to submit its final report Tuesday to the Homeland
Security Advisory Council.

The report's stark language exposes a rift with the Homeland Security
Department's internal watchdog over how many internal affairs investigators are
needed at Customs and Border Protection. In a memo attached to the report, the
Homeland Security inspector general's office strongly questions the panel's
findings and methods.

The panel said it based its recommendation on the number of internal affairs
investigators at other law enforcement agencies, including the New York Police
City Department and the former U.S. Customs Service.

The panel also criticized the slow pace of employee discipline to deal with
allegations ranging from excessive use of force to spousal abuse and alcohol
use. The average case takes 1[#xfffd] years to resolve.

"The CBP discipline system is broken," the panel wrote. "The length of time from
receiving an allegation of misconduct to imposing final discipline is far too
long."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved

                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

Co-defendant of Fattah has ties to Rendell

BYLINE: by BRAD BUMSTED and GIDEON BRADSHAW

LENGTH: 790 words


HARRISBURG "" One of four people indicted with U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah is known
to Democrats statewide and politicians at the state Capitol: Herbert Vederman
was a major contributor and fundraiser for former Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell.

Vederman, a deputy mayor when Rendell was mayor of Philadelphia, is accused of
paying $2,800 to Fattah's son six days after Fattah wrote to President Obama in
2010 asking him to appoint Vederman as a U.S. ambassador.

Vederman, 69, of Palm Beach, Fla., was Rendell's campaign finance chairman.
Vederman is charged with bribery, bank fraud, falsification of records, money
laundering and conspiracy to commit racketeering.

Vederman's attorney, Catherine M. Recker, said he will plead not guilty.

"The government has cherry-picked facts to support its cynical view of
friendship and wrongly labeled it bribery," she said.

Vederman, Karen Nicholas, 57, of Williamstown, N.J., and Philadelphians Fattah,
58, Bonnie Bowser, 59, and Robert Brand, 69, are accused of several schemes,
including misappropriating hundreds of thousands of federal, charitable and
campaign dollars, prosecutors said.

If the charges are true, they represent "outright corruption," not issues in a
gray area, as has been the case with some Capitol corruption cases, said J.
Wesley Leckrone, a political science professor at Widener University in Delaware
County. He cited some cases of using government staff for political work, and
potential criminal charges for Attorney General Kathleen Kane that appear to be
"abuse of power" allegations more than claims of traditional corruption.

Kane, a Democrat, is under investigation by Montgomery County's district
attorney. A statewide grand jury recommended charging Kane with perjury and
obstruction of justice, concluding she leaked secret material to a newspaper to
embarrass a political foe and covered up her actions. She has not been charged.

Corruption in Pennsylvania politics dates to the 19th century, but Rendell's
tenure as governor from 2003 to 2011 "seemed to open the floodgates" to
corruption, said Stephen Miskin, spokesman for House Republicans.

Rendell was never accused of wrongdoing, and there were no major scandals in his
administration.

Still, Miskin said, "Without a question, there was "[#x2dc]pay-to-play' under
Rendell." Philadelphia, he said, has a "culture where it's OK to do this stuff."

In a 2009 court case, a pharmaceutical company claimed large donations to
Rendell's 2006 campaign from a Houston plaintiff's firm played a role in
securing a no-bid contract, something Rendell and his staff denied. Republican
lawmakers complained and demanded reforms.

Chuck Ardo, Rendell's former press secretary, refuted Miskin's contention of a
pay-to-play culture during Rendell's years in office.

"These accusations are stale," Ardo said. "They've been around for years without
any credible foundation and it's time that they were put to rest."

One of Rendell's appointees to the Turnpike Commission, former CEO Joe Brimmeier
of Ross, pleaded guilty to conflict of interest in an alleged pay-to-play case
at the agency. The case brought by Kane never went to trial; defense lawyers
said prosecutors never established the quid pro quo allegations.

A Dauphin County Common Pleas Court judge sentenced Brimmeier, 67, in November
to 60 months' probation and fined him $2,500.

No-bid contracts hit an apparent high "" at $1 billion "" under Rendell,
although an exact comparison to past years was impossible because of missing
records, the Tribune-Review reported in March 2008.

Miskin said Vederman's role as a large campaign contributor "" giving Rendell
$346,276 "" and as an investor in Simple Brands may have played a role in Simple
Brands getting a contract for machines that sold wine in grocery stores.

"I don't think anyone in their right mind would think it's a good idea. We're
still paying for that" aborted contract, Miskin said.

Vederman backed the short-lived venture that was touted as a way to allow
Pennsylvania shoppers to buy wine with groceries. Montgomery County-based Simple
Brands was the sole bidder for a state Liquor Control Board contract to provide
wine-dispensing kiosks. The machines malfunctioned and the LCB suspended the
program late in 2010 after less than six months. A state audit found the program
lost $1.1 million and the kiosks were closed for good in September 2011.

In response, Simple Brands filed a lawsuit in the Board of Claims, a court-like
body that hears state contract disputes, against the LCB, alleging the agency
violated the deal and cost the company $81 million in production costs and lost
revenue. The LCB contends the machines were unreliable.

Brad Bumsted and Gideon Bradshaw are Trib Total Media staff writers.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

Co-defendant of Fattah has ties to Rendell

BYLINE: by BRAD BUMSTED and GIDEON BRADSHAW

LENGTH: 790 words


HARRISBURG "" One of four people indicted with U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah is known
to Democrats statewide and politicians at the state Capitol: Herbert Vederman
was a major contributor and fundraiser for former Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell.

Vederman, a deputy mayor when Rendell was mayor of Philadelphia, is accused of
paying $2,800 to Fattah's son six days after Fattah wrote to President Obama in
2010 asking him to appoint Vederman as a U.S. ambassador.

Vederman, 69, of Palm Beach, Fla., was Rendell's campaign finance chairman.
Vederman is charged with bribery, bank fraud, falsification of records, money
laundering and conspiracy to commit racketeering.

Vederman's attorney, Catherine M. Recker, said he will plead not guilty.

"The government has cherry-picked facts to support its cynical view of
friendship and wrongly labeled it bribery," she said.

Vederman, Karen Nicholas, 57, of Williamstown, N.J., and Philadelphians Fattah,
58, Bonnie Bowser, 59, and Robert Brand, 69, are accused of several schemes,
including misappropriating hundreds of thousands of federal, charitable and
campaign dollars, prosecutors said.

If the charges are true, they represent "outright corruption," not issues in a
gray area, as has been the case with some Capitol corruption cases, said J.
Wesley Leckrone, a political science professor at Widener University in Delaware
County. He cited some cases of using government staff for political work, and
potential criminal charges for Attorney General Kathleen Kane that appear to be
"abuse of power" allegations more than claims of traditional corruption.

Kane, a Democrat, is under investigation by Montgomery County's district
attorney. A statewide grand jury recommended charging Kane with perjury and
obstruction of justice, concluding she leaked secret material to a newspaper to
embarrass a political foe and covered up her actions. She has not been charged.

Corruption in Pennsylvania politics dates to the 19th century, but Rendell's
tenure as governor from 2003 to 2011 "seemed to open the floodgates" to
corruption, said Stephen Miskin, spokesman for House Republicans.

Rendell was never accused of wrongdoing, and there were no major scandals in his
administration.

Still, Miskin said, "Without a question, there was "[#x2dc]pay-to-play' under
Rendell." Philadelphia, he said, has a "culture where it's OK to do this stuff."

In a 2009 court case, a pharmaceutical company claimed large donations to
Rendell's 2006 campaign from a Houston plaintiff's firm played a role in
securing a no-bid contract, something Rendell and his staff denied. Republican
lawmakers complained and demanded reforms.

Chuck Ardo, Rendell's former press secretary, rebutted Miskin's contention of a
pay-to-play culture during Rendell's years in office.

"These accusations are stale," Ardo said. "They've been around for years without
any credible foundation and it's time that they were put to rest."

One of Rendell's appointees to the Turnpike Commission, former CEO Joe Brimmeier
of Ross, pleaded guilty to conflict of interest in an alleged pay-to-play case
at the agency. The case brought by Kane never went to trial; defense lawyers
said prosecutors never established the quid pro quo allegations.

A Dauphin County Common Pleas Court judge sentenced Brimmeier, 67, in November
to 60 months' probation and fined him $2,500.

No-bid contracts hit an apparent high "" at $1 billion "" under Rendell,
although an exact comparison to past years was impossible because of missing
records, the Tribune-Review reported in March 2008.

Miskin said Vederman's role as a large campaign contributor "" giving Rendell
$346,276 "" and as an investor in Simple Brands may have played a role in Simple
Brands getting a contract for machines that sold wine in grocery stores.

"I don't think anyone in their right mind would think it's a good idea. We're
still paying for that" aborted contract, Miskin said.

Vederman backed the short-lived venture that was touted as a way to allow
Pennsylvania shoppers to buy wine with groceries. Montgomery County-based Simple
Brands was the sole bidder for a state Liquor Control Board contract to provide
wine-dispensing kiosks. The machines malfunctioned and the LCB suspended the
program late in 2010 after less than six months. A state audit found the program
lost $1.1 million and the kiosks were closed for good in September 2011.

In response, Simple Brands filed a lawsuit in the Board of Claims, a court-like
body that hears state contract disputes, against the LCB, alleging the agency
violated the deal and cost the company $81 million in production costs and lost
revenue. The LCB contends the machines were unreliable.

Brad Bumsted and Gideon Bradshaw are Trib Total Media staff writers.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 15, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Koch Urges Cuomo to Name Panel To Investigate School Corruption

BYLINE: By NEIL A. LEWIS

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 987 words


Mayor Koch, saying he now believes corruption is almost certainly rampant
throughout the city's school system, called on Governor Cuomo yesterday to
create an independent investigative panel similar to the Knapp Commission, which
exposed widespread corruption in the Police Department in the early 1970's.

Mr. Koch asked Mr. Cuomo to form the panel under the Moreland Act, a state law
passed in 1907 that has been used to highlight abuses in the nursing home
industry, liquor licensing, the Urban Development Corporation's bookkeeping
practices and other areas.

Although the Knapp Commission was not based on the Moreland Act, its efforts
remain the most well-known of the independent investigations of city
institutions. The commission elicited riveting public testimony from police
officers about systematic corruption.

In addition to uncovering evidence of corruption, special investigative panels
over the years have served as devices to focus public opinion and marshal
support for reform proposals.

''Somehow or other, the dam which prevented action in our school system is
breaking - it's breaking apart.'' Mr. Koch told reporters at City Hall. ''Thank
God.'' Although the Governor has not yet responded to the Mayor, he is certain
to come under considerable pressure to accede to the request. Allegations of
corruption on local school boards are apparently creating a climate in Albany
for action on New York City schools. Yesterday the Governor and legislative
leaders said they had broken a long stalemate and agreed to create an agency to
oversee construction of city schools. [Page B19.] In a letter to Mr. Cuomo, the
Mayor suggested that if the Governor declined his request, he would consider
establishing a commission himself and seeking subpoena powers from the City
Council, as was done for the Knapp Commission. If a commission were established
by the Governor under the Moreland Act, it would be able to issue subpoenas and
compel testimony.

In a statement, Schools Chancellor Richard R. Green said he would welcome a
commission to study the school system.

In his letter to the Governor, Mr. Koch said, ''I have come to the conclusion
that we must name a prestigious commission to conduct a far-reaching, thorough
investigation into these matters and recommend changes in the system of local
school governance, which would prevent unethical or corrupt practices.''

An aide to the Mayor said Mr. Koch had been contemplating for a few days how to
respond to the growing stream of allegations about corruption on some of the
city's 32 local school boards. The aide said the arrest Tuesday night of a Bronx
elementary school teacher on charges of heroin and cocaine possession spurred
Mr. Koch to action.

The Mayor said a highly visible investigative commission was an appropriate way
to deal with the school situation because it would not only uncover corruption
but would also create an atmosphere that would discourage it. There are also
tangible political dividends to such an approach for the Mayor, who is expected
to seek re-election next year. Any such investigation is likely to last beyond
Election Day, and Mr. Koch would be able to claim credit for initiating it.

The current intense interest in the school boards was triggered by the arrest
Nov. 9 of Matthew Barnwell, a Bronx elementary school principal, on a drug
possession charge after police officers said they observed him buying two vials
of crack near his Harlem apartment. He was the first New York City school
principal ever arrested in connection with illegal drugs, Board of Education
officials said. They said that in the last few years more than a dozen teachers
have been arrested in connection with illegal drugs.

Since the Barnwell arrest, allegations about several local school boards have
been pouring in to district attorneys in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan and
Queens. Dr. Green, the Schools Chancellor, suspended Community School Board 9 in
the Morrisania section of the Bronx, which employed Mr. Barnwell, after the
Bronx District Attorney confirmed an investigation into some members of the
board.

The District Attorney, Paul T. Gentile, said a grand jury was investigating
whether some board members had used drugs, stolen school equipment and extorted
money from teachers, principals and other employees.

Secret Bank Account

A report last week by the office of the Inspector General of the Board of
Education contended that the superintendent and some officials of Community
Board 4 in East Harlem maintained a secret bank account from which they paid
personal expenses.

Dr. Green ordered the local board to dismiss the superintendent, Carlos Medina,
and he asked the State Education Commissioner to remove one of the District 4
board members. The local board suspended Mr. Medina for 60 days without pay in a
meeting Tuesday night.

Referring to these and other investigations that have been reported recently,
Mr. Koch said, ''I believe it's highly unlikely that the corrupt practices that
have recently been uncovered are limited to the two or three boards we have
heard about.''

He said a full-scale investigation by a panel was needed because ''you can't
deal with it on the basis that someone is going to be a whistle blower and
they're going to tell you about a particular board. It's hardly likely that it
isn't rampant throughout the system.''

Under the decentralized system of school administration put into effect 18 years
ago, the central Board of Education, with its headquarters in Brooklyn, is
responsible for running the city's high schools. The elementary and junior high
schools are run primarily by the 32 locally elected school boards, in
partnership with the central board.

The current investigations have set off a debate about the system, and a bill
authorizing a study of decentralization has been passed by the Legislature and
is awaiting the Governor's signature.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            December 12, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

What Blagojevich, Obama should do

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 503 words


Chicago Tribune, in an editorial: "U.S. attorney Patrick Fitzgerald of Chicago
has laid out a devastating set of criminal charges against (Illinois Gov. Rod)
Blagojevich and his chief of staff. Prosecutors allege that Blagojevich tried to
sell an appointment to the U.S. Senate. He tried to barter the powers of his
office. He tried to make a deal to get the corporate owner of this newspaper to
remove members of the editorial board because (it) has been critical of him. ...
The state faces a financial crisis, a $2 billion budget shortfall and an
abundance of difficult choices of what to fund and what to cut. Illinois needs a
governor who can lead through this crisis. Blagojevich is, more than before, the
governor who cannot govern. Governor, resign."

The Star-Ledger, Newark, in an editorial: "In the area of political corruption,
New Jersey need take a back seat to no other state. But in fairness, it must
acknowledge that Illinois is a worthy competitor. The Prairie State's latest
claim to infamy is the arrest of Gov. Blagojevich.  ... He's in line to join a
rogues' gallery of former Illinois chief executives, three of whom have served
federal time. ... The lesson is that a persistent tolerance for corruption bred
at the local level can, inevitably, find its way up the ladder -- to a
legislature or even to a governor's office."

Jill Burcum, assistant managing editor, Star Tribune, Minneapolis-St. Paul: "A
tip of the hat is due our editorial colleagues at the Chicago Tribune. Amidst
Tuesday's shocking revelations about Illinois Gov. Blagojevich was this juicy
little nugget: He wanted the newspaper's editorial board fired, tying a possible
purchase of Wrigley Field, owned by the struggling Tribune Co., by the state of
Illinois to a wholesale reorganization of the opinion page staff. ... A day
before he was arrested, Blagojevich spent some time pontificating outside the
Tribune's iconic downtown Chicago offices. He repeatedly took aim at the paper's
editorial writers, pretty much laying blame for the debt-ridden newspaper's grim
financial situation on them. The paper's reporters have done some groundbreaking
work on pay-to-play allegations involving the governor's administration. ... The
print watchdog is alive and kicking, with sharp teeth and a vital role to play."

The Orange County (Calif.) Register, in an editorial: "Obama at one level
emerges with surprisingly clean hands from the scandal surrounding Blagojevich's
arrest. ... One wiretapped conversation had Gov. Blagojevich cursing  Obama and
complaining that his people offered 'nothing but appreciation' in return for
possibly naming longtime Obama supporter Valerie Jarrett a senator. Nonetheless,
the scandal is bound to taint the incoming administration. Obama cut his
political teeth in the traditionally corruption-ridden world of Chicago
politics. ... In keeping with his commitment to transparency, Obama should
release records of all contacts and relationships between his political
supporters and Gov. Blagojevich's."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, John H. White, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               December 14, 2012

U.S. to Create Jobs in Nigeria's Maritime Sector

BYLINE: John Iwori

LENGTH: 983 words


The United States of America (USA) has indicated its readiness to partner the
Federal Government in Nigeria's quest in expanding the maritime sector of the
economy through jobs creation.

US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr. Terrence P. McCulley, stated this while addressing
the Nigerian delegation to the International Workboat Show, which took place in
New Orleans, Louisiana, USA.

Apparently aware that corruption may hinder its quest to assist Nigeria,
McCulley warned the Federal Government to strengthen measures aimed at
eradicating corruption in the country.

He also used the occasion to officially introduce promoters of some American
companies wishing to invest in Nigeria's maritime, oil and gas sectors, as a
mark of his "faith in the in the development process in Nigeria".

"I am very optimistic about development process in Nigeria. For over two years,
that I have been in Nigeria, I have been extremely impressed about the dynamism
of growth in the country in all spheres", he said.

Prominent amongst the Nigerian representatives to the event are the Director of
Cabotage, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Mrs.
Oruwari Etete; her immediate predecessor in office, Mr. Onwuka Igwe; Deputy
Director and Head of Public Relations, NIMASA, Hajia Lami Tumaka; the Divisional
Head, Transport and Shipping, Fidelity Bank Plc, Mr. Ndubuisi Agoh, and a
representative of the Indigenous Shipowners Association of Nigeria (ISAN), Mr.
Kunle Bankole.

The American envoy however stressed that beyond the need to address corruption,
government must also focus in reviving the power sector and internal security in
order to stem the tide of youth's restiveness.

His words: "Nigeria is no doubt facing a lot of challenges, in the power sector,
addressing corruption, addressing insecurity, but I truly believe that the
current government is making great strides to address the problems in the power
sector...and we have been very supportive of those efforts.

"We strongly believe that you can tackle insecurity as associated with youths
restiveness by creating jobs-particularly in the oil and gas sector, because
that is an area where Nigeria has a huge advantage.

"In the area of corruption, I think the government needs to do more in checking
official corruption with impunity. My message to the American companies wishing
to invest in the country is that Nigeria is too important to be ignored. There
are too many opportunities to be assessed in so many areas. Added to that,
Nigeria has a huge market for investment outputs, a country with more than 160
million people, which the American companies cannot ignore".

McCulley called on the American investors to be diligent in their dealings,
saying it is part of the policy trust of President Barrack Obama's
administration to do business with the African sub-regional countries in order
to boost bilateral relationships.

"My message to the American companies is therefore to look at these
opportunities in Nigeria. On the other hand, my message to the Nigerian
government is that you need to create an enabling environment for investments.
You need to create a level playing ground for such enterprise. You need to
ensure that the sanctity of terms of contracts is well observed and respected.
There has to be a level playing field for investors and this should send a
strong signal to investors that Nigeria is indeed ready for investment", the
envoy added.

While stressing that America currently has a great bilateral relationship with
the government of Nigeria, he said the latter must do more in fighting
corruption, even as he pointed that "we have a bilateral commission which was
inaugurated in 2010, and the whole issue of corruption and good governance
formed major agenda in the discourse.

"And so what we are saying to government is that you need to create structure.
You need to uphold your anti-corruption institutions. You need to end the
culture of corruption with impunity. You need to demonstrate to the people of
Nigeria and beyond that you are indeed serious with what you are saying about
your readiness for business. These are very crucial issues that will encourage
people out there that Nigeria is ready for foreign investment," he said.

On the development of the maritime, oil and gas sector in Nigeria, he said:
"There is a tendency to focus on the oil and gas sector, which is a huge capital
intensive sector, but that underscores the importance of that sector. Nigeria
should, and can create jobs for over 45 per cent of its population that are
above the age of 15, from that sector alone, away from the dismal record that
you currently have.

"Clearly Nigeria needs to diversify its economy, and I think the government of
President Goodluck Jonathan is looking in that direction. There has to be
conscious efforts to reawaken the factories. You need to tame them, and make
them viable for employment .That is the way forward, that is just the way
forward. Let me also say that fundamental to that is getting the power sector
reformed. You cannot do that when majority of organisations and individuals rely
on power generators.

"Essentially, I think government is cognisant of these, and as partners in
progress. The government of the United States is currently looking at ways to
offer help. It is part of the policy of President Obama to promote business
initiatives in Africa...as a government, by that I mean the government of the
United States of America, we are there to help you surmount those challenges. We
are prepared to help you find suitable partners that can help you grow your
businesses," he added.

Responding on behalf of the Nigerian team, Chairman of Novalux Associates, Mr.
Moses Omoduemuke, thanked the American envoy for his faith in Nigeria, even as
he assured the American investors that government is addressing the challenge of
insecurity in the country, particularly in the Niger Delta region.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 13, 2010 Friday

State attorney general candidate vows to fight government corruption: Dan
Donovan visits North Country

BYLINE: Joe Lotemplio, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 625 words


Aug. 13--PLATTSBURGH -- Fighting government corruption will be a top priority of
Dan Donovan if he is elected the next state attorney general.

"Public corruption in state government will be the focus of my administration,"
Donovan, 53, said in an interview Thursday with the Press-Republican Editorial
Board.

"People are not happy about it."

Donovan is the lone Republican candidate for attorney general.

He will face off in the November election against the winner of the Democratic
Party primary, which features five candidates.

For the past seven years, Donovan has served as the district attorney for
Richmond County in Staten Island.

CORRUPTION RAMPANT

Donovan said political corruption has gotten out of hand and needs to be reined
in across the board.

"We don't have to find it where it doesn't exist because there is enough of it
out there," he said.

One step would be for the Attorney General's Office to obtain the power to
investigate and prosecute matters of local corruption without an invite.

As it now stands, the hundreds of lawyers in that office cannot investigate
local matters unless they are asked to.

That practice can be clouded by politics and lack of resources, Donovan said.

"A lot of local district attorney offices don't have the resources to
investigate and prosecute corruption. The Attorney General's Office has 700
lawyers, and if we get jurisdiction, we can prevent politics from entering into
it."

BUDGET DELAYS

Donovan would also push to make sure the State Legislature does its job when it
comes to approving a balanced budget by the April 1 deadline.

He noted that New York City has a June 30 deadline to produce a budget or else
an independent control board takes over the city's finances.

"No one in New York City wants that, so they have a balanced budget on time. You
don't have to re-invent the wheel here."

MEMBER ITEMS

Donovan said he believes in more transparency for legislators' member items, the
money that lawmakers secure for local projects.

He wants to ensure that they are not giving money to nonprofits in which they
have a vested interest, such as financial, professional or family ties.

INDIAN TAXES

On the issue of collecting taxes from Native American sales of cigarettes or
property taxes, Donovan said he would enforce all the existing laws.

"This is a serious problem, and I will enforce all of the laws there are. But
whether or not to send the troopers in (to enforce the law) would be the
governor's call."

PEDOPHILES

In regard to former Plattsburgh Assemblyman Chris Ortloff, who was sentenced
this week to 12.5 years in prison and treatment for trying to arrange sex with
underage girls, Donovan said that in all his time as a prosecutor he has not
seen anyone become healed of that compulsion, as Ortloff claims he was.

"I don't know of any successful programs for pedophiles."

However, Donovan was not familiar with the particulars of Ortloff's case.

GAY MARRIAGE

On gay marriage, Donovan said he believes that eventually the federal Supreme
Court will rule that it is a right that the U.S. Constitution guarantees.

"In this country, we have a history of treating people for what they've done not
for who they are," he said, noting that exceptions to that over the years have
been proven wrong.

E-mail Joe LoTemplio at: jlotemplio@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100813-ZI-State-attorney-general-candidate-vows-to-fight-government-
corruption-20100813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2010 The Press-Republican

                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 4, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Cloud Looms Over Police As Rookies Join the Force

BYLINE: By CRAIG WOLFF

SECTION: Section 1; Page 23; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 679 words


The new police officers listened to the rather gloomy graduation message about
the perils of corruption and they did not budge. More than a thousand strong,
they sat with their backs stiff, and as trained, stared blankly ahead.

But as one officer would say later, there was no forgetting the "C" word.

Graduation day for the Police Academy came with the traditional pomp yesterday,
but no one it seemed -- not the rookies and especially not the dignitaries on
the dais -- could ignore the subtext: that this class was entering the force as
suspicions of corruption hovered over the Police Department.

Mayor David N. Dinkins, who only last week appointed a special panel to
investigate police corruption, used the occasion at St. John's University for a
bit of a political balancing act. In a speech to the new officers, he suggested
that the problem was largely a creation of the media but that he was nonetheless
dedicated to stamping out corruption. He also declared his support for
Commissioner Lee P. Brown.

'Personal Respect for Law'

Then, though no one has accused the Mayor of wrongdoing, he tried to personally
separate himself from the furor. "Remember that I said this," he said. "I have
never done anything to bring the Police Department, or their standards of
professionalism, or the morale of our brave officers down. And I never will."

Commissioner Brown's message about corruption was more subliminal. He said: "You
own a personal respect for the law. This is an age-old value taught by
educators, family and the clergy. Our police family has values also."

There was a kind of competition in the air between the upbeat mood of proud
parents and grandparents and the somber tones of a department that has found
itself on the defensive over the last several weeks. The officers, young and
crisp in their starched uniforms and white gloves, left it to friends and family
members in the audience to applaud when the Mayor said he would not let the
"cancer" of corruption win out.

Officer James Bellavia, the valedictorian, said afterward that he and his
classmates would confront the perception of corruption "by letting each person
we come in contact with know we're doing the job."

Of 1,064 graduates, the class includes 214 who are destined for the housing
authority and 279 for the transit police. But the 556 officers assigned to
precinct houses around the city will have a larger mission than rookies of the
past. Hired as part of the Mayor's Safe City, Safe Streets program, they are all
part of the Commissioner's project to increase community policing. In addition,
they will all be assigned to the Democratic National Convention, which begins
July 13.

Beginning with the arrests of six Brooklyn police officers in May, Mr. Dinkins
and Mr. Brown have found themselves on opposite sides of the question of how
best to root out police corruption. The Mayor recently appointed a five-member
panel to investigate corruption and on a separate matter, proposed excluding
police personnel from the civilian complaint review board, a move the
commissioner opposes.

But if there was a strain between the two men, it did not show.

"I believe that if there is any better police commissioner anywhere in the
country, anywhere in the world," Mayor Dinkins told the gathering, "someone is
going to have to show me proof of that."

At one point the Mayor blamed the perception of corruption on the media, and
suggested that he did not want his reaction to the controversy to give the new
officers the wrong message.

"Just do your job, the best way you know how," the Mayor said. "Don't you worry
about the tabloid wars. Stop worrying about how the media or anyone else
interprets some action or statement of mine."

An hour later, graduates were still lingering in the school parking lot, posing
for scrapbook photographs. Some held their children. Still talk was of
corruption.

"Even if what the Mayor says is hype, we have a job to do," said Officer Michael
Gray. "If corruption is there, it's our job, each one of us, to get rid of it."

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday

Tentative ruling issued in favor of BANG in landmark open records case

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni mgafni@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Solano; Crime; Contra Costa; News;
National; Local

LENGTH: 683 words


SACRAMENTO -- In a groundbreaking open records decision, a Sacramento County
Superior Court judge tentatively ruled Thursday that the appointment books,
meeting schedules, calendars, expenditure and reimbursement records for two
suspended state senators are public record, upholding a lawsuit filed by the Bay
Area News Group and Los Angeles Newspaper Group.

In his strongly-worded decision, Judge Michael Kenny ruled nearly all the
records for suspended state Sen. Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, and state Sen. Ron
Calderon, D-Montebello, requested by the newspaper groups should be handed over,
despite the state Legislature arguing the records were exempt from disclosure
under the Legislative Open Records Act.

Yee has been charged with public corruption, racketeering and weapons
trafficking, and Calderon has been indicted on 24 counts, including public
corruption, mail fraud, wire fraud, bribery and money laundering.

"The allegation of such wrongdoings created by the federal investigation is of a
significant interest to the public," Kenny wrote. "To the extent these alleged
activities occurred under the guise of the legislators' official duties is even
more concerning."

The newspaper group's attorney Duffy Carolan said the tentative ruling -- which
is expected to be made final after a hearing Friday -- would finally clarify the
1991 court ruling Times Mirror Company v. Superior Court, where the court
blocked a request for five years of the governor's calendars. Although the court
stressed that its ruling should not be read as a politicians' cloak of secrecy,
over the years the California Legislature has leaned on the Times Mirror
decision to reject numerous news organization requests for information about
lawmakers' activities.

"The tentative ruling puts a dent in Times Mirror and hopefully, once final,
will put to rest the notion that public officials' calendars are off limits,"
Carolan said. "The Court in its tentative ruling clearly grasps the significance
of the public's interest in access, in the face of such serious allegations of
criminal wrongdoing by Senators Yee and Calderon."

A BANG reporter and a LANG reporter filed a series of separate public record
requests in April and June 2014 asking for records corresponding to dates and
individuals noted in federal indictments of the two suspended politicians. The
Senate Rules Committee denied all of them.

In the state Legislature's arguments, it claimed the public interest was best
served by not releasing the records. State lawyers also insisted that
legislators' correspondence and communications from private citizens carry a
special "legislative privilege," and that releasing calendars could jeopardize
legislators' security.

In his tentative ruling, Kenny disputed each of the Legislature's arguments,
saying they misconstrued the law or lacked factual support.

Legislative counsel Robert Pratt did not return a call for comment Thursday.
Pratt has requested oral arguments at a Friday morning hearing, before Kenny
makes his final ruling. If the judge finalizes his tentative ruling, the state
Legislature could appeal.

"This is a long overdue, significant win for the people of California so they
will better know what the officials they elected are doing," said David J.
Butler, editor of the BANG newspapers and editor-in-chief for Digital First
Media, the parent company of both news groups. "Readers need to know that their
financial support for our newspapers and websites makes it possible for us to
wage this kind of legal fight."

Peter Scheer, executive director of the First Amendment Coalition, said Kenny
was a "voice of sanity" and his tentative ruling shaped a fair balance.

"About 30 years ago, the California Supreme Court in the Times Mirror decision
restricted public access to so-called deliberative documents. Ever since then,
the Supreme Court's fairly narrow decision has been expanded in practice,"
Scheer said. "This court wisely has decided to bring back the much more limited
privilege the Supreme Court intended."

Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026. Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leland Yee exits the federal courthouse in San Francisco, Calif. on
Tuesday, April 8, 2014. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
State Sen. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello, whose violence-awareness measure was
approved by the Senate, talks with seat mate Ben Hueso, D-San Diego, in
Sacramento, Calif., Thursday, May 16, 2013. Calderon's SB552, which would allow
school districts to include violence-awareness and prevention lessons as part of
social science classes for students in grades 7 through 12, was passed by a 29-7
bipartisan vote and sent to the Assembly. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday

Tentative ruling issued in favor of BANG in landmark open records case

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni mgafni@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 683 words


SACRAMENTO -- In a groundbreaking open records decision, a Sacramento County
Superior Court judge tentatively ruled Thursday that the appointment books,
meeting schedules, calendars, expenditure and reimbursement records for two
suspended state senators are public record, upholding a lawsuit filed by the Bay
Area News Group and Los Angeles Newspaper Group.

In his strongly-worded decision, Judge Michael Kenny ruled nearly all the
records for suspended state Sen. Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, and state Sen. Ron
Calderon, D-Montebello, requested by the newspaper groups should be handed over,
despite the state Legislature arguing the records were exempt from disclosure
under the Legislative Open Records Act.

Yee has been charged with public corruption, racketeering and weapons
trafficking, and Calderon has been indicted on 24 counts, including public
corruption, mail fraud, wire fraud, bribery and money laundering.

"The allegation of such wrongdoings created by the federal investigation is of a
significant interest to the public," Kenny wrote. "To the extent these alleged
activities occurred under the guise of the legislators' official duties is even
more concerning."

The newspaper group's attorney Duffy Carolan said the tentative ruling -- which
is expected to be made final after a hearing Friday -- would finally clarify the
1991 court ruling Times Mirror Company v. Superior Court, where the court
blocked a request for five years of the governor's calendars. Although the court
stressed that its ruling should not be read as a politicians' cloak of secrecy,
over the years the California Legislature has leaned on the Times Mirror
decision to reject numerous news organization requests for information about
lawmakers' activities.

"The tentative ruling puts a dent in Times Mirror and hopefully, once final,
will put to rest the notion that public officials' calendars are off limits,"
Carolan said. "The Court in its tentative ruling clearly grasps the significance
of the public's interest in access, in the face of such serious allegations of
criminal wrongdoing by Senators Yee and Calderon."

A BANG reporter and a LANG reporter filed a series of separate public record
requests in April and June 2014 asking for records corresponding to dates and
individuals noted in federal indictments of the two suspended politicians. The
Senate Rules Committee denied all of them.

In the state Legislature's arguments, it claimed the public interest was best
served by not releasing the records. State lawyers also insisted that
legislators' correspondence and communications from private citizens carry a
special "legislative privilege," and that releasing calendars could jeopardize
legislators' security.

In his tentative ruling, Kenny disputed each of the Legislature's arguments,
saying they misconstrued the law or lacked factual support.

Legislative counsel Robert Pratt did not return a call for comment Thursday.
Pratt has requested oral arguments at a Friday morning hearing, before Kenny
makes his final ruling. If the judge finalizes his tentative ruling, the state
Legislature could appeal.

"This is a long overdue, significant win for the people of California so they
will better know what the officials they elected are doing," said David J.
Butler, editor of the BANG newspapers and editor-in-chief for Digital First
Media, the parent company of both news groups. "Readers need to know that their
financial support for our newspapers and websites makes it possible for us to
wage this kind of legal fight."

Peter Scheer, executive director of the First Amendment Coalition, said Kenny
was a "voice of sanity" and his tentative ruling shaped a fair balance.

"About 30 years ago, the California Supreme Court in the Times Mirror decision
restricted public access to so-called deliberative documents. Ever since then,
the Supreme Court's fairly narrow decision has been expanded in practice,"
Scheer said. "This court wisely has decided to bring back the much more limited
privilege the Supreme Court intended."

Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026. Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leland Yee exits the federal courthouse in San Francisco, Calif. on
Tuesday, April 8, 2014. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)
State Sen. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello, whose violence-awareness measure was
approved by the Senate, talks with seat mate Ben Hueso, D-San Diego, in
Sacramento, Calif., Thursday, May 16, 2013. Calderon's SB552, which would allow
school districts to include violence-awareness and prevention lessons as part of
social science classes for students in grades 7 through 12, was passed by a 29-7
bipartisan vote and sent to the Assembly. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Cook Islands Government Helps Public To Oppose Corruption

LENGTH: 323  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The Government is using today's International Anti-Corruption Day to help the
public understand how they can help keep the Cook Islands to be corruption-free.

Finance Minister Mark Brown said it was important for future investment in the
Cook Islands that the Government remain committed to practicing and promoting
anti-corruption initiatives.

"We have a good reputation internationally. What that means is that we are more
likely to be able to get resources from funds that will help all Cook Islands
people," the minister said.

"It is also important to me that our government and bureaucracy are seen as
being open, transparent and accountable by people in villages and towns across
all our islands."

International Anti-Corruption Day is a United Nations day that supports the
United Nations Convention Against Corruption. The Cook Islands is a signatory to
that convention which came into force in 2005.

It acknowledges that "corruption hurts the poor disproportionately and
undermines a Government's ability to provide basic services, feeding inequality
and injustice and discouraging foreign aid and investment."

"While we have supported this convention since it began, we believe we can do
more to help all Cook Islanders understand what corruption is and how they can
be part of ensuring the Cook Islands are corruption free," Brown said.

"This evening, Monday 8 December at 7pm, I will be part of a documentary on Cook
Islands Television that will help us all understand corruption and what we can
do to prevent it.

"We will also be making information more widely available through the
www.mfem.gov.ck website and other media so that people know where and how they
can raise any corruption concerns they have," the minister concluded.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 22, 2012 Saturday

Programme summary of Afghan Tolo TV news in Dari 1330 gmt 22 Dec 12

LENGTH: 507 words


A. News headline.

B. Home news:

1. 0100 President Karzai blames extensive corruption problem on foreign
contracts in Afghanistan. Head of an anti-corruption body, Azizollah Ludin,
reiterated the fight against administrative corruption. Video shows President
Karzai, the head of an anti-graft body speaking at a ceremony on the occasion of
the International Anti-Corruption Day. (Covered)

2. 0420 President Karzai says his country is ready to agree with the USA on
security pact, and calls for training and equipping national forces to
independently defend the country. Video shows the president speaking at a
ceremony; archive of a number of foreign forces in an area of the country.
(Covered)

3. 0640 US President Barack Obama visits the wounded Afghan spy chief admitting
at a hospital in the USA. Deputy spokesman for the National Directorate of
Security (NDS) Shafiqollah Taheri says condition of the wounded spy chief is
good. Ahmad Behzad and Sayed Ali Kazemi MPs stress the need for having good
relations between Afghanistan and the USA. Video shows a photo; the NDS deputy
spokesman speaking.

4. 0900 Deputy spokesman for the National Directorate of Security (NDS)
Shafiqollah Taheri says they have captured 40 suicide attackers and organizers
of the attacks from various provinces of Afghanistan. Video shows the NDS deputy
spokesman speaking.

5. 0945 Afghan parliament rejects the next year's national budget. Mohammad
Sarwar Osmani, Lailoma Wali Hokmi and Mohammad Hassan Sharif Bolkhai, MPs, slam
the government for preparing imbalanced budget. Video shows a number of MPs,
Parliament Speaker Abdorrauf Ebrahimi, speaking in a parliament session.

6. 1240 A member of the Rights and Justice Party, Mohammad Hanif Atmar, and a
member of the National Coalition of Afghanistan, Eng Mohammad Asem, say they are
optimistic about the Paris conference to produce positive results. Deputy Head
of High Peace Council Ataollah Ludin says the Taleban insisted on the withdrawal
of foreign forces from Afghanistan. Video shows members of political parties, a
member of the peace council speaking; archive of a number of armed men in an
area of the country. (See separate report)

1525 - Commercial break

C. Foreign news

Iran slams NATO's deploying rockets in Turkey; US president nominates John Kerry
for post of US State Department; referendum launched on draft of constitution in
Egypt; Indian protestors protest against raping a girl in New Delhi.

2200 - Commercial break

D. Economic news

1. 2410 Advisor to the Finance Ministry Najibollah Manali says the government is
working on a plan to privatize some enterprises. However, Farid Ahmad Sherzai,
head of oil and gas enterprise, criticizes the government's move. Abdol Wahab
Orfan and Mohammad Reza, MPs also slam the government for privatizing
enterprises. Video shows a number of MPs, an official speaking; a photo.

2. 2625 Afghanistan will receive more than 100 of megawatt of electricity from
Uzbekistan in some years.

E. Sport news

F. Weather forecast

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1330 gmt 22 Dec 12

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 30, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

State Asks City Firms For Aid on Corruption

BYLINE: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 199 words


The head of the State Commission on Government Integrity, Joseph A. Califano
Jr., sent a letter yesterday asking 21 of the city's top law firms and the Big
Eight accounting firms to allow at least one of their employees to aid his group
in fighting corruption.

''There is no more pernicious danger to effective and fair government than
corruption, dishonesty and unethical conduct,'' Mr. Califano wrote in his
letter. ''We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to put in place systems and
rules to help prevent corrupt and unethical practices in the future.''

Mr. Califano asked each law firm to allow an associate and each accounting firm
to provide an auditor to work with the commission from 12 to 18 months, at no
charge.

The commission, appointed earlier this month by Governor Cuomo, has the power to
subpoena witnesses and hold public hearings in a variety of areas involving
possible corruption throughout the state.

The commission was created after allegations last year of corruption in New York
City's government and the conviction of the former Bronx Democratic leader,
Stanley M. Friedman, and three others in a scandal involving the city's Parking
Violations Bureau.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

Hawaii: PNG Businesses Significantly Affected By Corruption: Survey

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Businesses in Papua New Guinea have put down corruption as one of the biggest
impediments to their operation, a new survey by the Institute of National
Affairs (INA) has revealed. The survey, which was co-funded by AusAID, Asian
Development Bank and the INA, collected views from 150 businesses throughout PNG
between May and December last year. A draft of the survey findings was published
recently by the Port Moresby-based INA.

One of the key findings of the survey was the impact that corruption had on
businesses with 28 percent of the respondents saying they were "highly" or "very
highly affected" by official corruption, whilst another 28 percent indicated
they were "fairly affected." The frequency of what the survey categorized as
"irregular payments" to officials (in order to get things done) was also
highlighted with respondents' feedback showing that 30 percent concluded the
practice "always" occurred while 13 percent suggested it occurred "frequently."

The survey findings confirm growing concerns within the private sector at the
extent of corruption within PNG's bureaucracy and the impact it was having on
businesses generally, despite attempts by successive governments to minimize and
eventually eradicate it through anti-corruption reforms and institutional
strengthening programs.

Speaking to the Post-Courier last night, INA executive director Paul Barker said
businesses put down corruption and law and order as the biggest obstacles to
their operations in PNG. "It (corruption) is seen as the second major hindrance
and widely impacting the respondents and some institutions like the Lands
Department (were) highlighted as particularly frustrating a lot of the
respondents," he said.

The survey findings should also compel the Government to implement their anti-
corruption policies as well as act on the findings and recommendations of the
various inquiries according to the INA executive director.

"We haven't seen any evidence of policy reforms in Lands, we haven't seen the
reforms actually happening with respect to management, we haven't seen the SABL
inquiry report come out and obviously the Finance Inquiry and these sorts of
things. There is a lot that people are aware of and it does substantially affect
business."

In a bid to capture as much data as possible, the INA also distributed
Mandarin-versions of the survey, confirming the changing dynamics of the PNG
business sector with Chinese entrepreneurs playing an increasing role in
commerce and trade.

The independence of the Central Supply and Tenders Board (CSTB) also came under
scrutiny during the survey's data collection phase with Mr. Barker revealing
that businesses were worried that others were getting "unfair advantage" when it
came to tendering for publicly-funded projects.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 21, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Police Corruption in New York: As Expected, a Blight Returns

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD KRAUSS

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 993 words


Ever since Police Commissioner Theodore Roosevelt dismissed policemen who took
money from brothel owners and politicians, the New York City Police Department
has gone through a corruption crisis about every 20 years.

Now senior police officials are warning of another. They say the arrest of three
officers on Friday on charges of assault and robbery was just the beginning of a
long series of corruption revelations that will go beyond the preliminary
findings of a mayoral commission last year.

The city has seen nothing like it since Frank Serpico went before another anti-
corruption panel in 1971, forcing the department to clean up an entrenched
system of corruption in which large networks of officers took bribes from
illegal gambling operators and passed them up to superiors.

"In the weeks and months ahead, this department is going to suffer a lot of
embarrassment, necessary embarrassment," Commissioner William J. Bratton told a
town meeting in Bedford-Stuyvesant a few nights ago, "because there are those in
our ranks who despite wearing a shield on their chest are no better and some
cases a lot worse than the predators afflicting your community."

Mr. Bratton is striving to make citizens and police officers know that the
department is committed to cutting out what he calls a cancer "that must be
contained and destroyed." His mission is both delicate and risky because at the
same time that he is telling officers to clean up their performance, he is
ordering them to deal more aggressively with neighborhood drug dealers who are
eager to tempt police officers with bribes.

Less Communication

After the Knapp Commission's corruption findings in the 1970's, officers were
ordered to leave arrests of drug dealers to specialized units. Other officers
withdrew to their patrol cars. But while corruption decreased, so did
communication between the police and the communities they served.

Mr. Bratton's anti-corruption campaign and the long run of unsettling headlines
that is expected raise two basic questions: How corrupt is the department, and
why are the revelations coming out now?

The spectacle of police officers removing fellow officers from their posts in
handcuffs has its origin in the drug-dealing arrest of a corrupt New York City
officer, Michael Dowd, by the Suffolk County police in May 1992. Mr. Dowd had
long been suspected by a fellow officer of using cocaine while stealing and
selling drugs, but his supervisors and department investigators took no action.

The scandal led Mayor David N. Dinkins to appoint a commission headed by Deputy
Mayor Milton Mollen to find out how serious and widespread the corruption
problem was. The commission concluded that "the vast majority of police officers
throughout the city do not engage in corruption." But it found that there were
significant pockets of officers serving in impoverished, drug-infested
neighborhoods around the city who "seek out sources of money, drugs and guns,
and often employ sophisticated and organized methods to carry out their criminal
activities."

Those pockets, an array of investigators say, contain between 3 and 20 officers
in about 10 precincts covering areas like Harlem, Washington Heights, Chinatown
and Brownsville. What is far more widespread, according to law-enforcement
investigators, is the tolerance of corrupt and violent acts by otherwise honest
officers.

During the Mollen Commission hearings, for instance, Mr. Dowd testified that he
counted on the loyalty of fellow officers to conceal his crimes.

That "blue wall," the code of complicity and silence that protects police
officers, has been imbedded in the culture of the department for more than 150
years. In its interim report released in December, the Mollen Commission called
on the department to smash down the wall.

Taking that advice to heart, the department is toughening its anti-corruption
screening and testing of police cadets, and lecturing young officers that they
are responsible for reporting corruption and violence. Meanwhile, Commissioner
Bratton is touring precincts weekly, ordering officers to "get in the game" and
report corrupt colleagues.

The 'Culture Issue'

During his pitch, Mr. Bratton explains that corruption and illegal forced
entries hurt the credibility of officers who testify before juries and
jeopardize efforts to win the cooperation of neighborhood residents.

"Commissioner Bratton is definitely pressing this culture issue," said Walter
Mack, the Deputy Commissioner for Internal Affairs. "Is there a commitment among
officers in having a role in fighting corruption? Is there a commitment to catch
the Michael Dowds? That remains to be seen. Right now, I'm not so confident."

The Dowd case also inspired local district attorneys to take a harder look at
police corruption, and led the Federal Bureau of Investigation to investigate
several police precincts. It also forced Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly,
Mr. Bratton's predecessor, to strengthen the internal investigations bureau and
launch stings like the one that caught the three Harlem officers.

The wide variety of police, city and Federal investigations that began about a
year ago are expected to bear fruit over the next year with what senior police
officials promise will be scores of arrests of officers. Mr. Mack predicted that
more officers would be arrested this year than in any of the last 15.

For all the strong pronouncements and farflung investigations, police and
outside investigators say the police force as a whole has never been more honest
or professional.

Mr. Bratton and other law-enforcement officers express confidence that the
department can clean itself up and fight drugs effectively with better training
and supervision. But no one says the cure will come quickly.

"It's like trying to turn an ocean liner," said the Manhattan District Attorney,
Robert M. Morgenthau. "It keeps going before it finally turns."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 16, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Wanted: A Monitor With Teeth

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 20;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 469 words


Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's pledge to keep "an open mind" on the question of an
outside agency to monitor police corruption was encouraging. A strong monitoring
body is the only way the cycle of corruption documented in the Mollen Commission
report can be broken. But the resistance of some of New York's district
attorneys is disappointing.

The district attorneys recognize that some kind of outside monitor is necessary,
if not inevitable. Still, some of them have proposed monitoring arrangements
that are largely ceremonial and toothless. Nearly all, for example, oppose an
outside monitor with subpoena power.

The Mollen panel made the need for a strong outside monitor readily clear. Its
report described criminal cops running drugs and guns and selling protection to
dealers while commanders looked the other way and the Internal Affairs Bureau
ducked its responsibilities or covered up.

Police Commissioner William Bratton and his predecessor, Raymond Kelly, have
both helped to change the tone by sending strong anti-corruption messages down
the line. The Internal Affairs Bureau has also been strengthened. But what if
the next commissioner -- or the one after that -- is less diligent about
corruption control? What happens if the department drifts back to concealing
corruption instead of rooting it out?

The best preventive is a permanent outside monitor to keep the department on
course. This page has endorsed an independent prosecutor working with -- but
independent of -- the police department. The Mollen Commission's proposal of a
five-member commission appointed by the mayor also has merit.

An independent prosecutor could investigate if police officials failed to -- and
then prosecute the cases as well. The prosecutor's very presence would spur the
department's internal monitors and the D.A.'s they work with to remain vigilant.
An independent commission, as recommended by the Mollen report, would also have
investigators armed with subpoena power but would not prosecute wrongdoers. It
would instead help the District Attorneys build their cases, and work with the
department to keep the anti-corruption effort strong.

In objecting to subpoena powers for such a commission, the district attorneys
are jealously protecting their own territory. They also warn that, when
competing investigators muck around in the same case, the prosecution can get
bungled. But law enforcement agencies cooperate all the time. The Mollen
Commission worked well with the district attorneys. A permanent commission would
cooperate just as well.

History teaches New Yorkers that corruption dies down in times of public
scrutiny, but rises anew when the zeal for reform wanes. Mr. Giuliani can help
break the cycle of corruption with an independent monitor that has both muscle
and teeth.


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Irwindale City Councilman sues city, requests reimbursement for legal fees in
corruption case

BYLINE: Sarah Favot

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


IRWINDALE >> Councilman Manuel Garcia has sued the city and requested
reimbursement for legal expenses he has paid to defend himself in Los Angeles
County Superior Court, where he faces public corruption charges.

Garcia filed a lawsuit in L.A. County Superior Court last month alleging the
city is violating its charter by declining to reimburse him for legal fees he
has paid related to corruption charges against him in his capacity as a
councilman.

Garcia made a request in November for the reimbursement, according to court
documents.

Despite a city ordinance requiring reimbursement, the city has declined to
comply with its own rules and forced Garcia to seek legal redress.  Garcia s
attorney Dawn Coulson wrote in a statement.

City Manager John Davidson said the city received a summons Wednesday and has
forwarded the lawsuit to an attorney for review and direction. The council has
30 days to respond.

The lawsuit did not specify the amount of money that Garcia wants.

Garcia is one of four Irwindale officials charged with conflict of interest,
misappropriation of public funds and embezzlement related to lavish bond rating
trips to New York City taken between 2001 and 2005. The officials spent $200,000
to stay at expensive hotels, eat at pricey restaurants, use limousine services
and attend Broadway shows and New York Yankees games.

Prosecutors allege the officials  double dipped,  applying for per diem
reimbursements for meals and expenses while the city also reimbursed the
third-party consultants who covered all of the expenses.

Garcia, along with Mayor Mark Breceda, former City Councilwoman Rosemary
Ramirez, now a planning commissioner, and retired finance director Abraham  Abe
De Dios, have faced charges since 2011. De Dios pleaded no contest in April to
one count of conflict of interest and received probation.

The initial indictment was dismissed in April 2013 after an appellate court
found that prosecutors withheld exculpatory evidence   a policy that stated city
officials were entitled to $75 per day payments when traveling on city business
whether or not the expenses were paid by a third party.

The district attorney s office refiled the charges last summer and the officials
are awaiting arraignment while their attorneys have attempted to dismiss some of
the charges.

Garcia faces one count of embezzlement.

He was part of one four-day trip to New York City in April 2005, according to
court documents.

(Garcia) was under the understanding that the bond underwriter covered the
expenses on the trip,  Coulson wrote in the lawsuit.  After the trip (Garcia)
put in for a $75 flat rate per diem for four days, a total of $300.

Garcia, along with Breceda and Ramirez, are scheduled Friday morning to
re-appear in superior court for arraignment.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Irwindale City Councilman sues city, requests reimbursement for legal fees in
corruption case

BYLINE: Sarah Favot

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


IRWINDALE >> Councilman Manuel Garcia has sued the city and requested
reimbursement for legal expenses he has paid to defend himself in Los Angeles
County Superior Court, where he faces public corruption charges.

Garcia filed a lawsuit in L.A. County Superior Court last month alleging the
city is violating its charter by declining to reimburse him for legal fees he
has paid related to corruption charges against him in his capacity as a
councilman.

Garcia made a request in November for the reimbursement, according to court
documents.

Despite a city ordinance requiring reimbursement, the city has declined to
comply with its own rules and forced Garcia to seek legal redress.  Garcia s
attorney Dawn Coulson wrote in a statement.

City Manager John Davidson said the city received a summons Wednesday and has
forwarded the lawsuit to an attorney for review and direction. The council has
30 days to respond.

The lawsuit did not specify the amount of money that Garcia wants.

Garcia is one of four Irwindale officials charged with conflict of interest,
misappropriation of public funds and embezzlement related to lavish bond rating
trips to New York City taken between 2001 and 2005. The officials spent $200,000
to stay at expensive hotels, eat at pricey restaurants, use limousine services
and attend Broadway shows and New York Yankees games.

Prosecutors allege the officials  double dipped,  applying for per diem
reimbursements for meals and expenses while the city also reimbursed the
third-party consultants who covered all of the expenses.

Garcia, along with Mayor Mark Breceda, former City Councilwoman Rosemary
Ramirez, now a planning commissioner, and retired finance director Abraham  Abe
De Dios, have faced charges since 2011. De Dios pleaded no contest in April to
one count of conflict of interest and received probation.

The initial indictment was dismissed in April 2013 after an appellate court
found that prosecutors withheld exculpatory evidence   a policy that stated city
officials were entitled to $75 per day payments when traveling on city business
whether or not the expenses were paid by a third party.

The district attorney s office refiled the charges last summer and the officials
are awaiting arraignment while their attorneys have attempted to dismiss some of
the charges.

Garcia faces one count of embezzlement.

He was part of one four-day trip to New York City in April 2005, according to
court documents.

(Garcia) was under the understanding that the bond underwriter covered the
expenses on the trip,  Coulson wrote in the lawsuit.  After the trip (Garcia)
put in for a $75 flat rate per diem for four days, a total of $300.

Garcia, along with Breceda and Ramirez, are scheduled Friday morning to
re-appear in superior court for arraignment.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Irwindale City Councilman sues city, requests reimbursement for legal fees in
corruption case

BYLINE: Sarah Favot

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


IRWINDALE >> Councilman Manuel Garcia has sued the city and requested
reimbursement for legal expenses he has paid to defend himself in Los Angeles
County Superior Court, where he faces public corruption charges.

Garcia filed a lawsuit in L.A. County Superior Court last month alleging the
city is violating its charter by declining to reimburse him for legal fees he
has paid related to corruption charges against him in his capacity as a
councilman.

Garcia made a request in November for the reimbursement, according to court
documents.

Despite a city ordinance requiring reimbursement, the city has declined to
comply with its own rules and forced Garcia to seek legal redress.  Garcia s
attorney Dawn Coulson wrote in a statement.

City Manager John Davidson said the city received a summons Wednesday and has
forwarded the lawsuit to an attorney for review and direction. The council has
30 days to respond.

The lawsuit did not specify the amount of money that Garcia wants.

Garcia is one of four Irwindale officials charged with conflict of interest,
misappropriation of public funds and embezzlement related to lavish bond rating
trips to New York City taken between 2001 and 2005. The officials spent $200,000
to stay at expensive hotels, eat at pricey restaurants, use limousine services
and attend Broadway shows and New York Yankees games.

Prosecutors allege the officials  double dipped,  applying for per diem
reimbursements for meals and expenses while the city also reimbursed the
third-party consultants who covered all of the expenses.

Garcia, along with Mayor Mark Breceda, former City Councilwoman Rosemary
Ramirez, now a planning commissioner, and retired finance director Abraham  Abe
De Dios, have faced charges since 2011. De Dios pleaded no contest in April to
one count of conflict of interest and received probation.

The initial indictment was dismissed in April 2013 after an appellate court
found that prosecutors withheld exculpatory evidence   a policy that stated city
officials were entitled to $75 per day payments when traveling on city business
whether or not the expenses were paid by a third party.

The district attorney s office refiled the charges last summer and the officials
are awaiting arraignment while their attorneys have attempted to dismiss some of
the charges.

Garcia faces one count of embezzlement.

He was part of one four-day trip to New York City in April 2005, according to
court documents.

(Garcia) was under the understanding that the bond underwriter covered the
expenses on the trip,  Coulson wrote in the lawsuit.  After the trip (Garcia)
put in for a $75 flat rate per diem for four days, a total of $300.

Garcia, along with Breceda and Ramirez, are scheduled Friday morning to
re-appear in superior court for arraignment.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           December 10, 2009 Thursday

Having Penndot Run Pa. Turnpike

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Legislation introduced in the state House this week would abolish the
five-member Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission and shift responsibility for the
turnpike and its 2,000-member unionized work force to the state Transportation
Department.

The change would lessen the stigma of political patronage and corruption and
bring more accountability to the management of the turnpike, says the bill's
sponsor, Rep. Mike Vereb (R-Montgomery.)

For years, the commission has been dogged by allegations of political-patronage
abuses, as well as favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts.

At former senator Vincent Fumo's recent public corruption trial, a former
Turnpike Commission chairman was found to have a contract with the state that
required little to no work for the salary he received. The chairman, a Fumo pal,
was removed from the post after the senator was found guilty.

At the moment, the FBI is looking into alleged corruption in connection with a
$170 million, six-lane widening of the turnpike in the Valley Forge area. Agents
are trying to determine whether project managers allowed faulty work in exchange
for kickbacks from contractors.

Meanwhile, a statewide grand jury is delving into patronage, campaign donations
and contracts in connection with the commission.

Under Vereb's proposal, responsibility and daily management of the turnpike
would go to the deputy secretary of toll administration at PennDOT.

To discourage patronage, the person filling the post would have to have a civil
engineering degree and at least 10 years of experience designing and building
highways.

Vereb terms the Turnpike Commission "top heavy" with managers.

The turnpike operation, he notes, is run by nine executives who manage 545 miles
of roadway - one executive for every 60 miles. This compares to the seven
PennDOT executives who manage 41,000 miles of roadway, or one executive for
every 5,857 miles.

Vereb's proposal comes at a time when the Turnpike Commission says it's moving
toward more "competition and transparency" in awarding contracts for bond work,
legal services, investment advice, financial consulting and other professional
services.

"This year, the turnpike will spend $400 million on roadway projects ... and we
owe it to toll-paying motorists to explain how we're spending that money,"
declares commission chairman Allen Biehler, who is also PennDOT secretary.

Biehler's comment would do little to satiate Vereb, who calls the Turnpike
Commission an "outdated and antiquated" agency.

"There is absolutely no reason why we should have two government organizations
dealing with transportation issues," adds Vereb, referring to the turnpike and
PennDOT.

Despite the worthiness of his proposal, Vereb apparently faces an uphill fight
in the General Assembly, largely because the turnpike has given jobs for years
to legislators' friends and relatives.

That should not dissuade the lawmaker, who has struck on an intriguing proposal
that could rid Pennsylvania of a scandal-plagued agency while reducing some
costs to taxpayers.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           August 12, 2009 Wednesday

WATERFRONT STENCH - FORGET MOB, WATCHDOG IS DIRTY: REPORT

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 338 words


ALBANY - The Waterfront Commission of New York Harbor, created decades ago in
the "On the Waterfront" era to fight corruption, is itself corrupt and mired in
illegal conduct, a scathing Inspector General's report said yesterday.

"This was a total agency breakdown," state IG Joseph Fisch said in a shocking
60-page finding following a two-year investigation. "Instead of ridding the
waterfront of corruption, this agency itself was corrupt."

The report on the commission, created in 1953 by New York and New Jersey, found
that former New Jersey Commissioner Michael Madonna, former New York
Commissioner Michael Axelrod and former Executive Director Thomas DeMaria failed
to "adequately or responsibly oversee" the commission.

The findings against Madonna, onetime head of the New Jersey State Policemen's
Benevolent Association, were considered so serious that Fisch quietly traveled
to Gov. Jon Corzine's office last month in Trenton to recommend that the New
Jersey commissioner be fired, it was learned. Madonna was axed by Corzine last
Thursday, according to Fisch.

Among the report's findings on Madonna:

* He "forced unqualified applications" on the commission's police department.

* He recommended as a detective James Sutera, who had failed the required police
test twice and then passed it with "the highest mark ever recorded by an
applicant on his third try."

"Sutera boasted to commission staff that Madonna had given him the answers,
which he then gave to another would-be detective," according to the report.

The report also found that axed commission General Counsel Jon Deutsch, in
direct violation of the Waterfront Commission Act, "helped felon Frank Cardaci
concoct a scheme to keep his port business."

Axelrod, replaced in July 2008 by former state Organized Crime Task Force head
Ronald Goldstock, was found to have given official "police" placards that allow
access to restricted parking areas in Manhattan to his wife and wealthy friends,
and even kept his own placards after leaving his job.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STINK BOMB: Waterfront Commission members whose job was rooting out
corruption in ports like Newark (above) were corrupt, a scathing report says.
[Matthew McDermott]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Illinois Senate action angers reform chief Senate committee rejects nine "game
changing" reform measures, advances own plan.

BYLINE: By Kari Andren o Post-Dispatch Springfield Bureau >
kandren@post-dispatch.com > 217-782-4912 Kevin McDermott of the Post-Dispatch
contributed to this report.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: 0


SPRINGFIELD, ILL. - The head of an Illinois political reform panel got a hard
lesson Friday in Springfield's political process.

After a state Senate committee repeatedly shot down the panel's anti-corruption
recommendations - citing too little time to review them - the senators quickly
approved a separate proposal for civil instead of criminal sanctions.

Patrick Collins, the head of a panel Gov. Pat Quinn created to clean up state
government, was remarkably angry and visibly shaking at a news conference
following the committee hearing.

Collins hinted that lawmakers were trying to pass token reforms rather than
address large-scale anti-corruption measures.

"Maybe this happens every day in Springfield," Collins said. "I'm not used to
that.''

The Senate committee rejected nine "game changing" reform measures brought by
Collins' panel, including efforts to allow state's attorneys to use wiretaps,
expand state criminal law and prevent officials convicted of certain high-level
corruption charges from being sentenced only to probation.

Senators continually said they lacked time to fully review the measures despite
the panel's report having been issued nearly a month ago.

The committee then advanced a separate bill distributed to members that morning,
and the full Senate later passed the measure on a 58-0 vote with little
discussion. It would allow prosecutors to go after the personal assets and
campaign funds of corrupt politicians.

"That's not the process that we were promised," Collins said. "There's a
question of fundamental fairness. ... I have a question of whether we were
treated fairly today."

Senate President John Cullerton, D-Chicago, later told reporters that the
commission's proposals, and other proposals, were all still in play. "Everybody
should just calm down, take a deep breath and relax," Cullerton said.

But Senate Minority Leader Christine Radogno, R-Lemont, accused Cullerton and
his fellow Democratic leaders of running out the clock on real reform measures,
which she called "a very time-tested tactic" in Springfield.

Collins' panel issued an 88-page report in late April recommending six broad
areas of political reform that also included campaign contribution limits,
redistricting and greater government transparency.

In other business Friday, Quinn launched a new push for Illinois' long-sought
plans for a Chicago-to-St. Louis high-speed rail corridor, urging state
lawmakers to come up with $400 million to convince the federal government to
kick in more.

Quinn said he talked to Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon by phone Thursday, shoring up
support. He said Nixon reiterated his backing for the proposal, which ultimately
could involve $2.7 billion in state and federal funding and fundamentally change
the way people travel between the two metropolitan areas and around Illinois.

Quinn wants lawmakers next week to fold the $400 million in seed money into the
multibillion-dollar statewide public works program that lawmakers are cobbling
together this month, paying for it with expanded gaming, liquor taxes and
drivers fee increases.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            December 9, 1991, Monday

A 30-second glance at state and local news

SECTION: STATE AND LOCAL NEWS; SECTION B; PAGE 02

LENGTH: 1063 words


The U.S. Supreme Court hears the appeal of former DeKalb County Commissioner
John Evans Jr., and the ruling could establish a precedent for political
corruption prosecutions (See B1). Fulton County officials are considering a
controversial financing plan for the Auburn Avenue black history library that
could cost taxpayers about $ 725,000 a year for the next 15 years (See B1). A
U.S. bankruptcy judge accepts a $ 6 million offer from a carpet mogul for the
remaining 5,000 acres of Saudi Prince Faisal's North Georgia land (See B3).;
METRO & GEORGIA IN BRIEF; 2 Atlantans get Rhodes scholarships

Two Atlanta residents who were partners on The Westminster Schools debate team
have been awarded prestigious Rhodes scholarships.

William David Ball, 21, a senior at the University of North Carolina at Chapel
Hill, and Marc Lipsitch, 22, a recent graduate of Yale University, received the
scholarships to study at Oxford University in England.

Mr. Ball, who is majoring in history with a minor in Japanese, is expected to
graduate from UNC next spring and then attend Oxford to study philosophy,
politics and economics. He is the son of Alice and Byrd Ball of northwest
Atlanta.

Mr. Lipsitch, who is working for the New York City Fellows Program, will study
biology at Oxford next fall. He is the son of Susan and Ian Lipsitch of
northwest Atlanta.

The Rhodes scholarship pays a $ 12,000 annual stipend and all expenses for two
years.; CRIME

Owner of nude-dancing club robbed. The owner of a nude-dancing club in Atlanta
was robbed of more than $ 62,000 by armed men who attacked him as he returned to
his home in Morrow early Sunday morning, Clayton police said.

Henry Jeffcoat, 49, of 6660 Pleasant Valley Road in Morrow told police he was
struck from behind by two masked men as he pulled into the garage of his
residence at 1:15 a.m. Sunday, Clayton police Lt. Doug Jewett said. Mr.
Jeffcoat, owner of the Goldrush Showbar in Atlanta, told police the robbers, who
were in radio contact with a third person, used duct tape to tie his hands
behind his back and took his wallet, which contained at least $ 2,000.

The robbers then took Mr. Jeffcoat inside his home and into a bedroom where he
was forced to open a safe and turn over several thousand dollars.

Mr. Jeffcoat said he was then taken into the garage, where he was forced to turn
over the contents of another safe which contained $ 60,000. The bandits fled in
Mr. Jeffcoat's 1990 Ford Explorer, police said. The case is under investigation,
but there are no suspects, Lieutenant Jewett said.; TRANSPORTATION

Quick funding sought for Atlanta-Memphis highway. The first link of an
Atlanta-to-Memphis superhighway could be built in northwest Alabama if that
state quickly can find some way to pay part of the cost, said U.S. Rep. Bud
Cramer (D-Ala.). He is pushing for approval of a 65-mile stretch from
Mooresville to Sheffield as the first link in the proposed corridor. "It's
logical. More people would be served than at any other place along the route
besides Atlanta, and Atlanta already has interstates," Mr. Cramer said. Work on
the highway, estimated to be a $ 1.5 billion to $ 2 billion project, could be
completed in as little as 15 years if the states involved seize on the route as
a priority project, Mr. Cramer said. The Surface Transportation Act, which is
awaiting President Bush's signature, would authorize $ 30 million in federal
funds for planning over the next five years.; POLITICS

Gingrich says Gwinnett can produce GOP winners. U.S. Rep. Newt Gingrich says
Gwinnett County is poised to help add more Republicans to Georgia's
congressional delegation. The House Republican Whip told members of the county
Republican Party that Gwinnett will play a major role in his re-election bid
next year, as well as elections in two other districts that contain portions of
the affluent northeast Atlanta suburb. "Your county may be as helpful as any
single county in America," he said. "Because potentially we could come out of
Gwinnett County with three Republican winners for Congress, and I think that's
very possible." Mr. Gingrich, the only Republican in Georgia's congressional
delegation, has said he will run in Georgia's newly drawn 6th District, which
includes a western strip in Gwinnett.; ETC.

Gas main rupture forces evacuation. Atlanta police and fire officials had to
evacuate seven people in office buildings and close off Jonesboro Road in the
area of Southside Industrial Boulevard for about an hour Sunday after a gas main
ruptured. Construction crews grading Jonesboro Road accidentally broke the gas
line about 8:17 a.m. and fire fighters were called to the scene in southeast
Atlanta. The gas line was shut off within 30 minutes and was to be repaired
today, said Ross Willis, a spokesman for Atlanta Gas Light Co.

Economy, taxes put spirits business in somber mood. A sluggish economy, higher
taxes and health concerns are combining to cut profits of alcohol sales. Jerry
Greenbaum, who operates two Green's package stores in Atlanta, said the spirits
business generally has been slow in 1991. In the first four months of the year,
liquor sales on a per-gallon basis sank 12 percent compared with the same period
last year, according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States Inc.
The council blamed that drop on the increase in the federal excise tax that took
effect in January. Local distributors say 1991 hasn't been devastating -
although this month won't compare to December 1990, when retailers were buying
big to beat the January tax increase.

Columbus to use ankle bracelets on young offenders. Columbus officials hope
tracking troubled youths by using ankle bracelets will ease crowding in the
Columbus Regional Youth Development Center. The program, funded by a $ 25,000
state grant, is a way of tracking youths who could be sentenced to home
detention and a curfew instead of time in a juvenile center. Director Nathan
Davis said the center designed for 30 has been averaging about 40 youths for the
past 18 months. The youths will wear ankle bracelets linked with a computer that
will monitor their movements after curfew. Each youth's bracelet would be
adjusted to allow for school, jobs, church or other acceptable activities.

From staff and news services

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Newt Gingrich

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution

                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 5, 2010 Friday

Chandler pledges to prosecute state corruption cases

BYLINE: Sharna Johnson, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Feb. 5--Surrounded by his family, District Attorney Matt Chandler said Thursday
he intends to do the job Attorney General Gary King has failed to do.

Chandler, a Republican and Clovis native, announced his bid for attorney general
Wednesday in Santa Fe but a similar gathering in Clovis was postponed until
Thursday by a winter storm.

Flanked by his wife, three of his four sons and his parents, the 34-year-old
Chandler told a packed room at the Clovis-Carver library the attorney general's
office needs a prosecutor, not a politician, calling for change.

Chandler said corruption cases have gone unchecked on King's watch to the point
the U.S. Attorney's office and the New York Attorney General have had to step in
and prosecute New Mexico cases.

"In New Mexico you hear about corruption about as much as you hear 'would you
like red or green chili with that'," Chandler said. "It's got to stop.

"New Mexico deserves an attorney general that's interested in being an attorney
general, not an absentee."

In a telephone interview with the CNJ Thursday afternoon, King said he believes
Chandler has allowed himself to be misled by the state Republican party.

King said he has worked closely with the U.S. Attorney's office in prosecuting
corruption cases. King also said his office shows a strong record of attacking
corruption head-on.

"I'm actually sort of shocked at how ill-informed he is," King said.

"He has allowed whoever is generating his message to mis-state what my record
is," Kind said, adding that, "The first thing on the path to fighting corruption
is to tell the truth.

"It's sort of disturbing to me that the very first announcement he makes is a
personal attack on me and not about what he intends to do as attorney general...
I think that people are tired of personal attacks and really want to hear from a
candidate about what they can do to solve the problem."

Nominating petitions for the June 1 primary must be filed by Feb. 9.

Chandler, 34, was first elected district attorney in 2004. The Clovis native ran
unopposed in 2008.

King said his intent to seek re-election is known and though he has not
scheduled an announcement event, his campaign headquarters will open soon after
the state's legislative session concludes.

To see more of The Clovis News Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clovis-news-nm.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Clovis News Journal, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100205-CJ-Chandler-pledges-to-prosecute-state-corruption-cases-0205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2010 Clovis News Journal

                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           January 30, 1999, Saturday

Monitor: All the News of the World: IOC corruption scandal Northern Ireland John
Paul II meets Bill Clinton Jordanian succession Blind date weddin g

SECTION: COMMENT; Page 4

LENGTH: 2560 words


Shot down in flames

IOC CORRUPTION SCANDAL

International opinion on the bribery allegations engulfing the International
Olympic Committee over its choice of venues

New York Post

US

BESMIRCHED BY eye-popping reports of corruption, the International Olympic
Committee is in crisis. It does not concern just a few bad apples. This bunch
has rotted from the top down - and at the very top is IOC president Juan Antonio
Samaranch. In the face of the recent corruption, Samaranch has suggested changes
in the Olympic selection process. One reform proposal would allow decisions to
be made only by the executive board, instead of the entire IOC membership. Not
surprising: That means only Samaranch and a handful of his cronies would benefit
from the schmooze-fest that is the Olympic bidding process. Though the world has
watched while the IOC goes down in flames, Samaranch has refused to acknowledge
wrongdoing and has made no offer to resign. It's high time he gave up his
control and allow this organization of international goodwill a measure of
respectability once again.

u

Ming Pao

China

THE SPIRIT of the Olympic Games has been tarnished as corruption scandals over
Sydney 2000 and the Winter Games in Salt Lake City come to light.  These days,
sports is always linked with money. The IOC has suffered from the bribery
scandal. Structural defects of the committee can be blamed for the swirling
corruption: the selection procedure of the country holding the Games is
insufficiently transparent, voting rights are in the hands of a small circle of
secretive insiders, and committee members are selected for life by the committee
itself. All three elements have caused the rot, and the stench of deceit.

u

The New Paper

Singapore

THIS WHOLE Olympics bribery scandal isn't shocking. No, we all know full well
just how crooked the world is and how money talks in every field of activity.
The International Olympic Committee members who took bribes to vote for a
certain country to be host have done no worse than many politicians and business
leaders, right? But we prosecute crooked politicians, so we should also not
forgive these crooked International Olympic Committee members. Sack them all.
Those easily-influenced guys are two things: crooked and untrustworthy, and a
bunch of lazy slobs. It's natural to want more money (we all do) but hello,
welcome to the real world! Just work for it!

The Age

Australia

ONE OF the biggest problems in tackling corruption is defining it. When does
nepotism and cronyism become bribery and corruption? There has been demonstrated
corruption involved in the granting of the 2002 Olympic Games to Salt Lake City.
But what of the blatant favors asked by, and in some cases given to, IOC
delegates? When the giving of favors and gifts turns into corruption can be a
matter of degree, but it is principally a matter of transparency. The test is
whether those giving or receiving the gifts would want it known. The possibility
that it might become public is a great deterrent to bribery, which is why the
media is so essential.

u

The Washington Post

US

FOR EVERY serious attempt to root out corruption, there's always someone ready
to call a bribe a "humanitarian" gesture, a reflection of "culture" or simply a
"willingness to please". We've heard all those excuses, and more, in connection
with Salt Lake City. They should be on trial now.

u

Le Monde

France

THIS AFFAIR will enable us to return to the controllable organisations of the
Olympics. We must avoid economics taking the upper hand and dictating its law to
the organisational committees. The IOC must also agree to becoming somewhat more
condensed; 115 members is too much. 25 or 30 would be far easier to regulate.
The IOC is representative of society but not representative of sport.

u

Aftonbladet

Sweden

THE IOC has long looked like a fraternal order: closed, self-renewing, often
completely male. The ideological superstructure is feudalism. Despite this, the
Games have had an exceptional common-man popularity. Politicians have long used
the Olympics in their own propaganda campaigns. Hitler and Ulbricht placed
themselves in the light glancing off gold medals.  The US and the old Soviet
Union used the Olympics with political boycotts.  Athletics' character in recent
decades has changed drastically; the ideal of amateurism has drowned in the
flood of prize money. The combination of fraternalism and economic power has
made the IOC especially receptive to corruption.

NORTHERN IRELAND

Opinions about the possibility of overcoming difficulties in order to fully
implement the Good Friday agreement

The Irish Times

IT HAS never been more important for the British and Irish governments to make
clear they share a common determination to press ahead with implementing the
agreement. At times it seems Mo Mowlam, the Secretary of State for Northern
Ireland, is the only senior minister in either government who is prepared to
defend the spirit and the letter of the agreement with real conviction. More
power to her, but this is a project which demands the full attention of both
governments. Northern Ireland must not be allowed to become one of the
casualties of the present crisis facing the Government.

u

New Statesman

SINCE THE agreement was signed, it has been spattered in blood - of the 29 men
and women blown up by a republican bomb in Omagh; of the Catholic and Protestant
men shot, tortured and beaten to show that the paramilitaries of both traditions
still command their patches. If this is peace, say the opponents of the Belfast
Agreement, then perhaps it would be better to go back to war.

u

Belfast Telegraph

PAISLEY TOOK advantage of the issue about whether early prison releases should
be stopped in reaction to so-called punishment attacks, but the only effect of
his intervention will be negative. Old animosities have been revived, with
untold consequences, and the whole atmosphere of the peace process has been
poisoned. Paisley may think he has done a good day's work, exposing the inaction
of successive governments, but he has achieved nothing that will contribute to
the better, more pluralist future that most people voted for last year.

u

Irish World

THE POLITICAL parties and the paramilitaries are all jostling for their position
in the new Ireland. While this is a time of teething difficulties and a voyage
through uncharted waters for us all, the reality is that, to create a new
society in Ireland, the ways of the past have to be confined fully to the past.
And while it is equally hard to teach old dogs new tricks or persuade leopards
to do away with their spots, it is imperative that it is exactly that which
happens.

The new era and the new optimism that it brings are demanding real change and
real commitment to new ways. Those demands must be met.

u

An Phoblact

Republican News

AS THE implementation of the Good Friday agreement repeatedly hits the hurdles
laid by Unionists, the voice of inclusiveness has to continue echoing. It has
helped overcome the obstructionism and exclusion of the past. In the run-up to
the final report on the All-Ireland bodies, abandoning the nationalist voice of
consensus does not encourage Unionists to recognise the legitimacy of
nationalists to be represented in the Executive. It does not help the agreement
to be implemented. It does not help the cause of peace.

u

Irish Voice

US

IT HAS been a miracle that the peace process has come as far as it has, given
the forces aligned against it from the beginning. It would be better for all
concerned if the letter of the agreement which names May 2000 as the time when
decommissioning is dealt with were stuck to. The IRA should give comfort by
indicating that they are not sticking to their assertion of never
decommissioning and that, if the agreement is enacted in full, then they are
prepared to work on it. Time is running out on this perplexing problem which has
haunted this process from the start.  One thing is certain, though: unless it is
resolved it is hard to see a way forward for this process.

JORDANIAN SUCCESSION

Reaction to the King of Jordan's choice of his son Prince Abdullah to be his
successor

Jerusalem Post

Israel

IT IS not just in Jordan's but also in Israel's interest that the next king
succeed. As Hussein's interventions at key moments in the peace process
indicate, Jordan plays a unique role in the region. At this critical time,
Jordan and the region need steady, trusted hands at the wheel. The best hands
would be those of Hussein himself, whom Israelis and Jordanians hope will regain
full health. As the King introduces changes in Jordan's ruling hierarchy, it is
to be hoped that he will manage to pass on his strength and vision to his chosen
successor as Hashemite monarch.

u

Boston Globe

US

WHEN KING Hussein returned to Amman, he openly rued his brother's failure to
give firm responses to the despotisms in Damascus and Baghdad. Some skeptics may
discount this palace account of the King's motivation as merely a cover for a
paternal ambition as traditional as monarchy itself.  But King Hussein has been
able to stay in power for 46 years because he has not allowed himself to be
careless about crucial matters. Jordan needs another king as canny as he.

u

La Vanguardia

Spain

THE DESIGNATION by Hussein of his first-born Abdullah as heir to the throne has
placed Jordan on the threshold of a new era; in this way the monarch has put an
end to an interim situation that posed grave problems for the future of a
country that is key to the Middle East. Jordan, with 13 communities, among them
the Palestinians, who are in majority, and three religions, continues to be a
powder keg, but the succession in the Jordanian monarchy is the guarantee for
continuity.

JOHN PAUL II MEETS BILL CLINTON

Views on the meeting of the Pope and the President of the United States in an
aircraft hanger in St Louis, Missouri

St Louis Post Dispatch

US

THERE THEY were, the saint and the sinner, meeting in the hangar. When the new
millennium and new century officially arrive, Pope John Paul II may have been
the last pope to serve his full reign in the 20th century and Clinton will be
the first president to serve in the 21st century.  In contemporary history, the
Pope will represent what once was and Clinton will represent what will be.  The
Pope will be remembered for his tireless battle to stem the changing beliefs of
his flock. The President will be remembered for impeachment and his tireless
effort to adjust his own beliefs.

u

La Stampa

Italy

CLINTON HAS been weakened in his spirit by allowing too much to his body. Pope
John Paul II has become frail, despite the strength of his spirit. The meeting
was an opportunity to show once again their incompatibility.  The pontiff and
the American President try to control the world following two opposite
principles. John Paul II calls for the end of violence as a way to solve the
conflicts and looks forward to the birth of an alternative power to the United
States. Clinton continues bombing each continent to reaffirm American supremacy.
What makes them look alike is their ability to raise enthusiasm, more than a
real consensus.

New York Post

US

The Pope has found a receptive audience among youngsters toward whom he has
directed his message with fervor. Liberals try to explain the Pope's popularity
with the claim that the public loves the messenger but doesn't care for his
message. They said the same thing about Reagan; it wasn't true then and it's not
true now. The Pope's message is one for all faiths and all ages.

u

The New York Times

US

John Paul's criticisms of materialism were part of a trip underwritten by
Pepsi-Cola and several other companies. He has won his battle with Communism,
but his struggle to mount a spiritual critique of capitalism and commercial
culture promises to be an even more complex task.

BLIND DATE WEDDING

Comment on the marriage in Birmingham of

two people who had never previously met

The Daily

Telegraph

THE PRINCIPAL factor in whether a marriage succeeds is the level of commitment
brought to it. While it is heartening that Mr Cordell plans to "put 100 per cent
behind it", the fact that he and his wife entered a competition offering a
honeymoon, car and flat for a year is bound to raise suspicions. The media's
artificial world is the opposite of the reality of marriage. That consists of
compromises, compacts and consideration, but its compensations can be huge. If
(as - against the odds - we hope) this stunt develops into a happy union, that
would be, too.

u

The Birmingham Post

THE PUBLICITY stunt which brought about their wedding has debased the idea of
marriage and turned it into nothing but a cheap and prurient way of exploiting
people's lives for a brief bout of entertainment. It tells us more than we want
to know about the debasement of modern manners that more than 200 young men and
women were prepared to subject themselves to this "experiment in love". The
wedding may not be a sham - only the couple involved will know about that and
they may not be sure yet - but it is certainly shaming.

u

The Sun

THIS PUBLICITY stunt makes a mockery of marriage. Saying "I do" for the benefit
of a radio station so you can get a free Bahamas holiday requires a bride and
groom who are shallow, immature and stupid. Greg Cordell and Carla Germaine
certainly fit the bill on all counts. Marriage remains the best method devised
for keeping family and home together.  This cheap scam turns a serious business
into a joke. Except it's not at all funny.

MISCELLANEOUS

Stories from around the world

Sun News

US

Elizabeth Dole vs Hillary Rodham Clinton in 2000? Is that possible?  Might that
be the way this nation politically turns the millennium? Might we finally
acknowledge that men have done a simply terrible job, especially lately, of
running this country and turn to two bright women to appeal to the electorate to
choose between them? Well, we know Dole is at least somewhat interested; she has
resigned her Red Cross presidency to run, if she decides to do so. And we know
that Clinton has already sat at the right hand of presidential power, despite
all the ups and downs of that public couple and of their private marriage. But
is she presidential material?  Move over, Vice-President Al Gore. Move over, Gov
George W Bush. Let the women show all of us how it should be done.

u

Cuba Free Press

National Revolutionary Police (PNR) have arrested former political prisoner
Manuel Daz Cabrera and charged him with selling a hog to Jorge Capote of Ariza
in Cienfuegos province. Various other politically incorrect citizens in this
area believe the authorities are trying to fabricate a case against Daz Cabrera
so as to sabotage his dissidence with prison. He denies the charge.  Daz was
released from prison last year at the request of Pope John Paul.

THE VIEWS OF THE WORLD

Der Standard

Austria

La Nacion

Costa Rica

Lianhe Zaobao

Singapore


LOAD-DATE: February 01, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd

                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

Virginia needs a new 'Way'

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 510 words


AMID THE NON-STOP titillation streaming from the trial of former Virginia
governor Robert F. McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, who are facing corruption
charges in federal court in Richmond, it's easy to lose sight of the
self-satisfied political culture and anemic ethics laws that provided fertile
ground for their conduct.

Repeatedly in recent years, Virginia lawmakers have refused to add teeth to
ethics laws that are among the most lax in the nation. Repeatedly, leaders of
both parties in Richmond have paid homage to one of Richmond's most popular
shibboleths: that when it comes to public corruption, character is everything
and laws don't matter.

Thus did legislators manage to stymie any meaningful reforms in Virginia's anti-
corruption laws in 2010, the year Mr. McDonnell was sworn-in as governor, even
amidst a scandal involving an influential lawmaker who sought a job at Old
Dominion University even as he helped earmark money for the school in budget
deliberations.

Two years later, a comprehensive nationwide report on ethics laws, conducted by
the Center for Public Integrity, ranked Virginia 47th among the 50 states,
assigning it failing grades in nine of 14 categories. The report found that
Virginia was one of the only states with no limits on campaign contributions and
no state ethics commission, a double-whammy of heedlessness that amounted to an
open invitation to influence-peddlers. And still lawmakers did nothing.

When the McDonnells' tawdry scandal burst into the headlines last year, leaders
of the General Assembly gave scant thought to convening a special session to
address the state's Swiss cheese ethics laws. And even after the stunning
revelations contained in the federal indictment of the McDonnells emerged in
January, the legislature took a minimalist approach, leaving Virginia's rules on
gifts and disclosures riddled with enormous loopholes.

In its wisdom, the General Assembly did not even bother tightening some of the
flaccid laws that allowed Mr. McDonnell to accept unlimited amounts of so-called
"intangible" gifts - meals, travel, trips and the like - from a favor-seeking
businessman. While lawmakers capped at $250 the value of tangible gifts that
office-holders and their immediate relatives can accept, they placed no limits
on the cumulative value or number of those gifts.

Legislators offered a smoke screen of excuses for their inaction, suggesting
that tough laws would ensnare law-abiding officials who just happened to be
careless. But in many other states, as well as the U.S. Congress, the laws are
unambiguous, banning gifts, favors and services that a reasonable office-holder
would understand were offered in order to curry favor.

The McDonnell trial is currently rebranding Richmond as a capital on an ethical
par with Baton Rouge, Springfield, Trenton and Albany. It's not nice company.
Let's hope the revelations of sleaze jar Virginia lawmakers from their
complacency, and that 2015 becomes the year they decide that the "Virginia Way"
involves not just honorable intentions, but muscular laws.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 15, 1994, Saturday

Around the South REGION IN BRIEF Alabama governor called corrupt

BYLINE: Compiled by Mike Smith

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 487 words


Two former allies of Alabama Gov. Jim Folsom said Friday that they no longer can
remain silent about what they called his longtime corruption. Folsom called
their charges "a bunch of lies."

At what The Associated Press called a "short but shocking news conference," Dan
Turner, former chief of the state Emergency Management Agency, and state Sen.
Ray Campbell accused Folsom of using his office to get free materials to build
his house, of arranging a $ 35,000-a-year state job for his wife, Martha, and of
having lobbyists pay family bills.

Turner quit his post after questions were raised about how a former hairdresser
got a top job in his agency. Campbell headed the discredited Technology Plus job
training center, which was abolished Thursday.

Folsom dismissed the accusations, saying that a state probe into ethics
complaints would clear him. His campaign manager, John Tanner, who was accused
of misusing state funds, said, "Stuck pigs squeal loudest."

-A PROPHET WITHOUT HONOR? "Tales of the City," the TV miniseries based on a book
by gay novelist Armistead Maupin, got a rough reception in the author's
homeland. Public television stations in North Carolina, where Maupin grew up,
ran an edited version of the series that blocked out the nudity and muted the
strong language. So, too, did stations in Nashville, Knoxville and Memphis,
Tenn. In Chattanooga, WTCI-TV yanked the series Wednesday, when it was to begin
a three-day run. Callers threatened to withhold contributions from the station
if the program aired. One caller even threatened to blow up the station. The
series wasn't seen at all in South Carolina, where Maupin once worked for a
Charleston newspaper. Georgia stations ran an unedited version.

- THE SHOW WON'T GO ON: Federal investigators say that a wheel assembly
reportedly flew off a train car and caused Thursday's derailment that killed two
circus performers in Central Florida. Meanwhile, Ringling Bros. and Barnum &
Bailey Circus announced that three shows scheduled for today in Orlando were
canceled so that crews would have time to check the safety of equipment that was
aboard the train. The dead were identified as elephant trainer Ted Svertesky,
39, who ran away to join the circus at age 13, and clown Ceslee Conkling, 28, a
former data entry clerk who joined the circus two years ago.

ELSEWHERE Virginia Gov. Douglas Wilder says he will focus on establishing a
slavery museum in Jamestown and trade ties with Africa after he turns over the
reins of state government today to Republican George Allen. . . . A portion of
Interstate 85 near Belmont, N.C., was closed for two hours after an anonymous
caller tipped police off to a cache of dynamite under a bridge over the Catawba
River. . . . U.S. Rep. Alcee Hastings of Miami, who dropped out of sight after
Congress recessed in December, has resurfaced. He had quintuple heart bypass
surgery over the holidays.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940950040

GRAPHIC: Photo: Armistead Maupin

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution

                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 15, 1994, Saturday

Around the South REGION IN BRIEF Alabama governor called corrupt

BYLINE: Compiled by Mike Smith

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 487 words


Two former allies of Alabama Gov. Jim Folsom said Friday that they no longer can
remain silent about what they called his longtime corruption. Folsom called
their charges "a bunch of lies."

At what The Associated Press called a "short but shocking news conference," Dan
Turner, former chief of the state Emergency Management Agency, and state Sen.
Ray Campbell accused Folsom of using his office to get free materials to build
his house, of arranging a $ 35,000-a-year state job for his wife, Martha, and of
having lobbyists pay family bills.

Turner quit his post after questions were raised about how a former hairdresser
got a top job in his agency. Campbell headed the discredited Technology Plus job
training center, which was abolished Thursday.

Folsom dismissed the accusations, saying that a state probe into ethics
complaints would clear him. His campaign manager, John Tanner, who was accused
of misusing state funds, said, "Stuck pigs squeal loudest."

-A PROPHET WITHOUT HONOR? "Tales of the City," the TV miniseries based on a book
by gay novelist Armistead Maupin, got a rough reception in the author's
homeland. Public television stations in North Carolina, where Maupin grew up,
ran an edited version of the series that blocked out the nudity and muted the
strong language. So, too, did stations in Nashville, Knoxville and Memphis,
Tenn. In Chattanooga, WTCI-TV yanked the series Wednesday, when it was to begin
a three-day run. Callers threatened to withhold contributions from the station
if the program aired. One caller even threatened to blow up the station. The
series wasn't seen at all in South Carolina, where Maupin once worked for a
Charleston newspaper. Georgia stations ran an unedited version.

- THE SHOW WON'T GO ON: Federal investigators say that a wheel assembly
reportedly flew off a train car and caused Thursday's derailment that killed two
circus performers in Central Florida. Meanwhile, Ringling Bros. and Barnum &
Bailey Circus announced that three shows scheduled for today in Orlando were
canceled so that crews would have time to check the safety of equipment that was
aboard the train. The dead were identified as elephant trainer Ted Svertesky,
39, who ran away to join the circus at age 13, and clown Ceslee Conkling, 28, a
former data entry clerk who joined the circus two years ago.

ELSEWHERE Virginia Gov. Douglas Wilder says he will focus on establishing a
slavery museum in Jamestown and trade ties with Africa after he turns over the
reins of state government today to Republican George Allen. . . . A portion of
Interstate 85 near Belmont, N.C., was closed for two hours after an anonymous
caller tipped police off to a cache of dynamite under a bridge over the Catawba
River. . . . U.S. Rep. Alcee Hastings of Miami, who dropped out of sight after
Congress recessed in December, has resurfaced. He had quintuple heart bypass
surgery over the holidays.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940160040

GRAPHIC: Photo: Armistead Maupin

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution

                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 15, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

METRO MATTERS;
Out-of-Towners Offering Views on Police Problems

BYLINE: By Joyce Purnick

SECTION: Section B;  Page 4;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 816 words


THE subject of the conference was police corruption and the host was the New
York Police Department, so it was not unreasonable to expect a little
Schadenfreude from the more than 200 out-of-towners who converged on the John
Jay College of Criminal Justice yesterday. New York City's Police Department
has, after all, had a few problems with corruption lately.

But if there was any chortling behind the hands it was not in evidence on 10th
Avenue and 58th Street in Manhattan yesterday. If anything, the prevailing tone
was the opposite, as anti-corruption officers from around the country left the
naysaying to the locals, including a disarmingly candid Mayor and Police
Commissioner. The visitors -- a mostly white, male and graying assemblage of
officers from 70 police departments and eight countries -- spoke of New York's
Finest with a regard approaching awe.

"Out West, it's considered a great police department," said Capt. Michael
O'Neill of the Denver Police Department, which numbers 1,400 officers --
compared with 38,000 in New York. What of its embarrassments, he was asked?

"Like everything else in New York, it's a matter of scope and size," said
Captain O'Neill, commander of his department's Internal Affairs Bureau. "It
literally dwarfs every other place. It's amazing they do such a good job
managing something this size."

THE captain and many of his colleagues said that New York was in the best
position to know how to deal with police corruption because it has had so much
experience with it -- a proposition difficult to dispute. Recent incidents alone
range from the lewd cavorting of New York City officers in Washington to charges
of corruption in two precincts. Complaints of police misconduct to the Civilian
Complaint Review Board increased nearly 40 percent last year over the year
before, and dismaying hearings about brutality and graft are still rerunning in
the minds of New York's more sensitive citizens.

The most significant question raised at the conference is why these things
happen, why some officers turn violent and most don't, why some succumb to the
temptation of drug money and most don't, why some get a charge out of playing
outlaw from the inside, and most don't. There were some interesting answers from
Police Commissioner William J. Bratton and Edwin J. Delattre, dean of Boston
University's School of Education.

Professor Delattre, who writes and lectures extensively about law enforcement,
gave a lengthy, textured speech yesterday, where he laid it on the line. Why the
problems? Politics, he suggested.

"Political meddling in police departments takes many forms," the professor said,
"but the most dangerous to the public interest is forcing police departments to
undertake massive and rapid hiring of new officers." The rapid-fire hirings,
paradoxical consequences of the country's law-and-order fervor, have had some
disastrous consequences.

Professor Delattre and Commissioner Bratton cited the well-publicized impact of
rapid police expansions in Miami and Washington, where standards, training and
background checks were so compromised that many recruits in both cities have
been fired or arrested on charges including drug trafficking and murder.

New York City has done its own Police Department expansion in the last three
years, hiring 11,000 new officers, and, Professor Delattre predicted, the city
is likely to feel some damaging consequences, if it hasn't already.

COMMISSIONER BRATTON agreed. "It's always a concern when you have that type of
rapid expansion," he said. The Commissioner said that unlike some other cities
that quickly expanded their forces, New York did not lower the passing grade on
the police civil service test. But the city did its background checks of those
new recruits too slowly, Mr. Bratton said, and reduced physical standards. "We
were hiring people who couldn't pull a trigger," he said.

The Commissioner also cited overcrowded police classes. During the expansion,
the academy was training 2,600 officers every six months instead of the norm of
1,800 to 1,900 a year. The sizes of the police classes are returning to normal
now, and some of the mostly familiar strategies Mr. Bratton outlined yesterday
should help, he predicted. They include improvements in recruitment and
training, giving more responsibility to precinct commanders and raising the
minimum age for recruits to 22 from 20.

Of course, New York's police expansion is believed to have contributed to the
reduction in reported crime, creating a change in perception that did not escape
law enforcement experts in town this week. "I have a tremendous feeling of
safety, compared to what I expected," Captain O'Neill of Denver said. "It's a
pleasant surprise."

Whether the quick growth of New York's Police Department could also boomerang is
something, said the Commissioner, that "only time will tell."

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              June 21, 2010 Monday
                                   L2 Edition

Laying out their cases

BYLINE: By Ted Cox tcox@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1079 words


"Tell me a story" must be the oldest refrain in the book.

Yet, in a high-profile criminal case like the corruption trial of former Gov.
Rod Blagojevich, lawyers for the defense and for the prosecution put the basic
human need for storytelling to use in disparate ways for a common goal -- to
construct a believable narrative for the jury.

"Building a cogent story is crucial in every case," said Barrington Hills
attorney Andrew Stoltmann. "Often the result in a jury trial comes down to who
tells a better story that is corroborated by the evidence, documents and
testimony. If the story is exposed as false, in either a criminal or civil
trial, it is game over for the client. (There are) few things jurors dislike
more (than) being misled."

"Trial lawyers want to tell a story," added DePaul University law professor
Leonard Cavise. "We teach them to develop a 'theory' of the case and to
communicate that theory by use of a 'theme.' The theory is the essential
narrative: 'This happened (or didn't happen) because...' And then keep it
simple. The theme is the rhetorical leit motif that you use to hit that theory
over and over, for instance, greed, vanity, sold his badge, etc."

So what's the story thus far with the Blagojevich corruption trial?

The case against the former Illinois governor and his fundraiser brother Robert
is incredibly

complicated. The closest it's come to a smoking gun in the first two weeks has
been former Blagojevich chief of staff Alonzo Monk saying he planned to tell
horse-track owner John Johnston that beneficial legislation and a campaign
contribution weren't linked, precisely because they were linked.

What's more, the case as laid out with testimony from various witnesses in court
is always by nature fragmentary. The prosecution got off to a rough start with
Monk, who provided much of the framework for alleged corruption in the
Blagojevich administration, but with precious few illustrations of the governor
directly indulging in pay-to-play politics.

"Monk didn't pay off the way they thought he would," Cavise said. "To this
point, the government's story is not well-developed. Monk probably created an
atmosphere of corruption, but did not get specific enough on the quid pro quo."

Yet there was an almost Dickensian scene in the government's pretrial proffer
laying out the case prosecutors intended to make, a scene in which Blagojevich,
on a flight to New York City for a fundraiser in the first year of his
administration "stated he had aspirations beyond being governor and that
fundraising was the key to political success."

It's an essential scene in the story, one that potentially lays out the motive
for all that's to follow, and fundraiser Joseph Cari fleshed it out in testimony
last week.

Cari, the person who had that conversation with Blagojevich, testified that
Blagojevich was already so intent on higher office he spoke of how he had run
for governor, rather than U.S. senator, precisely because it was easier to raise
money by dealing out state contracts and other business with the intent to "go
back to those people for money."

Cari appeared to lend credence to Monk's testimony that Monk, Blagojevich and
fundraisers Tony Rezko and Chris Kelly were conducting private meetings at about
the same time to lay out plans for how they would use state business to raise
money both for themselves and the campaign and thus build up and consolidate
political power and, in the end, enrich themselves.

That's a story: Here's what they wanted, here's why they wanted it and here's
how they went about attaining it -- illegally.

Of course, the defense has its own plot line. As laid out by attorney Sam Adam
Jr. in his opening statement, it's that Blagojevich was an unwitting stooge used
and duped by his underlings, who went rogue without his knowledge, and that in
any case there was never any quid pro quo, no direct exchange of this for that,
involving the governor. They've hammered those points at every opportunity in
cross-examination.

Defense attorney Michael Gillespie got Cari to restate that Blagojevich was
using Bill Clinton as an example, in the way he built a campaign war chest as
Arkansas governor from state connections. The implication was that if Clinton
had used much the same fundraising tactics to gain the highest office in the
land, it must be politics as usual with nothing untoward about it.

"The defense," Cavise said, "has been pretty clearly establishing their theory
even during the government's case-in-chief, that is the governor was not
corrupt, everybody around him was. There is nothing more aggravating to the
government than the defense getting its theory across to the jury without having
to call even their first witness."

"So far in the Blagojevich trial, the prosecutors are leading, but it's not as
big of a gulf as I expected at this point," Stoltmann said. "They are in inning
two of a nine-inning game, and there is a long way to go. But so far Blagojevich
and his team have to be fairly happy."

Yet there are always hidden pitfalls. Not only was Adam smacked down on several
occasions Thursday by Judge James Zagel for his more theatrical style, developed
in the criminal courts at 26th and California, compared with the more staid
environment at the Dirksen U.S. Courthouse in downtown Chicago, but he also fell
into a trap of his own devising.

Cross-examining Ali Ata, a fundraiser who testified he gave $50,000 to
Blagojevich during the 2002 campaign and was ultimately given a job as executive
director of the Illinois Finance Authority, Adam first got Ata to admit he
didn't deal with Blagojevich directly in obtaining the job. Then he asked if Ata
was so close with Blagojevich, having contributed to his campaigns going back to
his days as a state representative, why didn't he simply ask Blagojevich for a
job himself?

Ata countered that things had changed by the time Blagojevich ran for governor,
that Monk, Rezko and Kelly had established themselves as the self-proclaimed
"kitchen cabinet" buffering Blagojevich and that all deals had to go through
them.

"If I was in a position to help and I didn't," Ata said, "chances are I wouldn't
get the job."

On one hand, that could lend credence to Monk's testimony that they were acting
in concert on Blagojevich's behalf with his full awareness. Of course, the
defense would insist it argues strongly that Blagojevich was insulated from the
wrongs they were committing.

In the end, the jury will determine which story is more plausible.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rod Blagojevich

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

EDITORIAL: Mobilize with groups such as Represent.Us to stop government
corruption in NEPA

BYLINE: The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 487 words


Aug. 04--If frustrated by corruption's grip on your government, don't moan about
it, mobilize.

A handful of area residents disgusted by what they see in Washington, D.C., and
in the halls of power much closer to home, hope to enlist you in a national
movement that takes aim at the toxic influence of money in politics. The
campaign is known as Represent.Us, and its call to action can be found at an
internet site of the same name.

Represent.Us is not about throwing support to a particular candidate or party,
according to the campaign's organizers. It's about passing laws to rein in
lobbyists, and thereby restore voters -- the people -- to the epicenter of the
political system.

If that notion appeals to you, and it certainly should in any self-respecting
democracy, attend an upcoming meeting of the region's newly formed chapter of
Represent.Us.

The chapter's next gathering is set for 7 p.m. on Aug. 15 at the Pittston
Memorial Library, 47 Broad St., Pittston.

A mere half-dozen people showed up at this week's meeting, but chapter organizer
and Pittston resident Peter Ouelette seemed undaunted. Like any startup
movement, he realizes, this one will require time to build awareness.

Nationally, more than 624,000 backers already have indicated their support for
the Represent.Us campaign, according to its online tally. As word grows locally
about its mission, and its successes in other states, the effort presumably will
find a highly receptive audience in Northeastern Pennsylvania -- a place long
hobbled by public corruption.

Since early 2009, area residents witnessed a string of disgraced elected
officials and businessmen go to prison as a result of a federal crackdown on
crooked public servants. The arrests highlighted how bribery tainted certain
school districts' operations, including hiring practices. The anticorruption
sting also exposed miscarriages of justice in Luzerne County's court system. And
it hinted at one probable reason why this region has remained mired, year after
year, in the economic doldrums, while less-corrupt places attract new
enterprises and industrious people.

You know the damage inflicted here by corruption; you've seen it.

Whether your political bent is best described as archconservative, ultraliberal
or somewhere in the middle, you should at least be open to learning about the
Represent.Us strategy. In 2014, a bipartisan bunch in Tallahassee put the
nation's "first municipal Anti-Corruption Act on the ballot" and won, according
to the group's promotional information.

"Since then," it states, "voters have passed initiatives for sweeping anti-
corruption reforms in more than a dozen cities and states across America."

In short order, shouldn't communities in Northeastern Pennsylvania, of all
places, join that list?

___ (c)2016 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160804-WB-EDITORIAL-Mobilize-with-groups-such-as-Represent-Us-to-stop-governme
nt-corruption-in-NEPA-0804-20160804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2016 The Times Leader

                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Illinois official touts reforms here Secretary of state's inspector general says
there's 'zero tolerance for corruption and unethical behavior.'

BYLINE: BY NICHOLAS J.C. PISTOR o npistor@post-dispatch.com > 618-624-2577

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 339 words

DATELINE: 0


EAST ST. LOUIS - The Illinois secretary of state's inspector general visited two
Metro East drivers facilities on Wednesday and showcased reform efforts to root
out corruption.

"We want the public to know that there is zero tolerance for corruption or
unethical behavior," said Jim Burns, the inspector general who formerly served
as U.S. attorney for northern Illinois.

The office was beset by corruption allegations in the 1990s. Former Gov. George
Ryan was convicted in 2006 of a series of federal charges stemming from his
tenure as secretary of state in that era, including racketeering and fraud.

Jesse White won election in 1998 to succeed Ryan as secretary of state.

Burns, hired by White in 2000 to clean up the office, said one of the changes
was to prohibit employees from making political contributions. He also helped
pass a law in 2004 that allows the office to suspend or deny a license for up to
four months to anyone who tries to bribe a driving examiner.

"We wanted to take the politics out of the work," Burns said Wednesday at the
East St. Louis Drivers Services Facility. "The result has been a change in the
culture of the office.

"People like their jobs now. There isn't that constant political pressure."

Burns, who was re-confirmed this year to a five-year term, said most of the
office's past corruption was centered around the Chicago area.

"Our Metro East offices have been great, and continue to be great," he said.

Dozens of Ryan underlings were convicted in trials that exposed the agency's
deep political corruption. In some cases, state workers were squeezed for
political contributions - some even took bribes for granting commercial licenses
to unqualified truckers and forwarded some of the money to the future governor's
campaign fund.

Most of the corruption within the office was exposed after a 1994 traffic
accident in Wisconsin that killed six children. The incident was attributed to
the inability to speak good English of a truck driver who had allegedly obtained
a license by bribing a Ryan employee.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 22, 2008 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

Check out Gov. Palin's public record

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 269 words


I am positive about Gov. Sarah Palin!

There are four factors I am looking at: leadership, integrity, courage and
innovation.

When I look at Gov. Palin, I find she possesses all of these factors in
abundance, and they are written in her life and her political record.

Gov. Palin became the chief executive of Alaska because of political corruption
by Republicans. When she found corruption in the Office of the Commission on Oil
and Gas, she brought it to the attention of Gov. Frank Murkowski - and he
refused to end the corruption.

She resigned her position on the commission. She ran for governor, beating
Murkowski in the primary and a former Democratic governor in the general
election.

This occurred in November 2006. During Gov. Palin's term in office, she started
investigations that ended in seven convictions for corruption. Gov. Palin
renegotiated with the oil companies, increasing revenue to the citizens and the
state of Alaska.

Gov. Palin started work to develop a $26-billion pipeline project that had been
dormant for many years. This pipeline is designed to bring gas from the north
slope of Alaska to the lower 48 states.

Gov. Palin has cut earmarks from 54, totaling $550 million, to 31 totaling only
$200 million. Gov. Palin has cut the cost of running the gubernatorial office by
80 percent.

Gov. Palin has had a favorability rating between 68 and 80 percent, the highest
of any governor in America.

For a more balanced view of Gov. Palin than you see in other media, I recommend
the following Augusta Chronicle article: "National image of Palin isn't what
Alaska Knows" (Sept 10).

David G. Brown

Augusta

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 16, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Md. Prosecutor Accused Of Playing Politics

BYLINE: Eric Rich, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B01

LENGTH: 626 words


The chairman of Maryland's Democratic Party called yesterday for U.S. Attorney
Thomas M. DiBiagio to step down after a report that the prosecutor had asked his
staff to produce three "front-page" indictments in public corruption or
white-collar crime cases by early November.

Party Chairman Isiah Leggett said DiBiagio, a Republican appointee, had "lost
all credibility" and has used his office as "a political weapon."

"What he's done is deplorable," said Leggett, who is also a professor at Howard
University School of Law. "It is clearly partisan. This guy should go, and he
should go soon."

The criticism was rejected by several prominent defense lawyers and former
federal prosecutors, who said DiBiagio's message to his staff -- contained in a
meeting agenda and two e-mails disclosed yesterday in the Baltimore Sun --
simply underscored his long-held passion for combating public corruption.

In the agenda for a May staff meeting, DiBiagio set out several goals to be
accomplished by Nov. 6, four days after the general election. Among them were
improving relations with the FBI and obtaining "Three 'Front-Page' White
Collar/Public Corruption Indictments," the Sun reported.

DiBiagio declined to comment yesterday.

In an e-mail to prosecutors July 1, DiBiagio described a municipal corruption
indictment in Philadelphia. "Why aren't we doing cases like this," he wrote in
the e-mail quoted in the Sun. "Am I the only one embarrassed by the fact that
this Office has not convicted an elected official of corruption since 1988?"

Two days later, he wrote again, saying that the earlier e-mail had sent the
wrong message and explaining that he was frustrated and had hoped to move
faster.

When DiBiagio was appointed in 2001, former Baltimore U.S. attorney George Beall
counseled him to restore the office's tradition of investigating public
corruption, Beall said yesterday. DiBiagio has since spoken of "embedded
corruption" in Maryland and has described such cases as a top priority.

Although he has convicted a former superintendent of the state police, Edward T.
Norris, and is now trying a former chairman of the state university system's
Board of Regents, Nathan A. Chapman, neither man was elected and neither was
charged with abusing those offices.

Beall, whose office prosecuted former governor Spiro T. Agnew when he was vice
president, defended DiBiagio yesterday, saying the prosecutor faces pressure
from a variety of sectors and must be out in front "leading the troops."

"I see nothing extraordinary about the U.S. attorney's efforts to build a fire
under his corruption team," Beall said.

Leggett said the documents confirmed what he and other critics already believed
of DiBiagio: that he wanted headlines and wanted to indict "most notably"
Democratic officials. The prosecutor drew criticism two years ago when he
launched an investigation into Kathleen Kennedy Townsend's signature
crime-fighting agency in the middle of  the lieutenant governor's campaign for
governor.

Townsend called the probe "political garbage," but DiBiagio ultimately won an
indictment of the agency's former director, Stephen P. Amos, on charges of
misspending $6.3 million in grant money. He is awaiting trial.

Beall and other former prosecutors and defense lawyers dismissed the criticism
and said Leggett's charge appeared to be politically motivated.

Still, another former prosecutor, Gregg L. Bernstein, said he had never heard of
a prosecutor demanding indictments based on the headlines they might garner.

"When you consider the tremendous power that federal prosecutors have over
people's lives, you want to be damn sure those decisions are based on facts and
evidence," Bernstein said.

The Department of Justice did not return calls for comment.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post

                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             April 20, 2003, Sunday

LEGISLATORS FIGHT TOUGHER LAWS ON CORRUPTION; LLOYD DUNKELBERGER & GARY FINEOUT

BYLINE: LLOYD DUNKELBERGER Ledger Tallahassee Bureau and GARY FINEOUT Ledger
Tallahassee Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 693 words


TALLAHASSEE

Gov. Jeb Bush has never been timid about controversy.

From promoting school vouchers to cutting taxes to eliminating affirmative
action, Bush has stood his ground and has pretty much gotten his way.

But on one issue -- which seems the least controversial of all -- Bush has
whiffed three times. And with the 2003 Legislature entering its final weeks, the
governor may find his proposal rejected for the fourth year.

What does the governor want? He wants lawmakers to toughen the state's anti-
corruption laws for public officials. He has been trying, to no avail, since
December 1999, to get the Legislature to embrace a bill called the "Citizens'
Right to Honest Government."

The bill is an outgrowth of a governor's commission, which included prosecutors,
public officials and other legal experts, that recommended strengthening the
state's anti-corruption laws, which are used to prosecute government officials
and politicians who use their offices for private gain.

The commission found that many of the state's anti-corruption laws were
unenforceable or too vague to fit the crime.

The House has previously endorsed the bill and again appears poised this year to
back it. But the legislation has consistently stalled in the Senate, where
members have publicly or privately complained the bill may have unintended
consequences.

This year's version finally cleared the Senate Ethics and Elections Committee
last week, but it has several more committee stops with only two weeks left in
the session.

A key group of House and Senate members, including two former prosecutors, is
trying to salvage the bill without limiting its original intent.

"We want a net big enough to allow prosecutors and law enforcement to go after
corrupt public officials, but a net that is not so broad that inadvertent
conduct falls within it," said Sen. Rod Smith, D-Alachua, a former state
prosecutor.

Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, a former federal prosecutor, said that, although
lawmakers have tried to tighten definitions and modify other portions of the
legislation, it remains "a pretty strong bill."

Other key promoters include Sen. Jim Sebesta, R-St. Petersburg, and Rep. Dudley
Goodlette, R-Naples.

The bill remains high on the governor's priority list, said Lt. Gov. Toni

Jennings, who said she was pleased the bill had finally cleared a Senate
committee.

"I think that is a very good sign," she said.

HOUSE GOP: NEVER FORGIVE, NEVER FORGET

Former State Senate President John McKay may be gone from the halls of the
Florida Capitol -- but the Bradenton Republican is far from forgotten.

In fact, it appears that Republicans in the Florida House of Representatives
continue to have a high level of disdain for McKay a year after he left office.
McKay earned the wrath of many House members because of his ironclad will and
brass-knuckled style of negotiations.

House members are pushing legislation to undo one of McKay's legislative
achievements and they have complained about a proposed bill that would name an
entrance pavilion at the Ringling Museum of Art in Sarasota after him.

Rep. Ralph Arza, R-Hialeah, is sponsoring legislation that would undo a
two-year-old law that restricts how much money school administrators can receive
when they cash out unused sick leave. McKay fought for years to get the limits
into law and only succeeded after he became Senate president in 2000.

Arza, who works for Miami-Dade County schools, tes

But House Republicans are also taking aim at McKay over a university-naming bill
now moving through both chambers. The legislation would rename various buildings
in the state's 11 universities after donors, prominent university deans and
after politicians such as McKay.

McKay, who engineered having Florida State University assume control of Ringling
and last year helped steer millions toward the museum, would have a pavilion
renamed the "John M. McKay Visitors' Pavilion."

"Politicians shouldn't be rewarded for spending the people's money," complained
Rep. John Stargel, R-Lakeland, who wasn't even in the Legislature last year when
McKay was in power.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation

                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 9, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

$10 Million Anti-Corruption Fund Urged

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 736 words


New York State's top law-enforcement officials yesterday asked Governor Cuomo
and the Legislature for a special fund of $10 million to uncover corruption by
public officials and private businesses.

The law-enforcement officials, including all of the state's 62 district
attorneys and Attorney General Robert M. Abrams, said the high cost of
corruption in the state, and especially in New York City, had contributed to
driving businesses out of the state.

In recent years the major corruption and organized-crime investigations in the
city and suburbs have been conducted by Federal prosecutors. Aides to Mr. Abrams
and prosecutors in the city said the request for additional financing was part
of a drive by local law-enforcement agencies in the New York metropolitan region
to regain the initiative in combating governmental and industrial corruption.

''At present we don't have the resources to tackle large generic
investigations,'' Mr. Abrams said in urging the allocations.

Agenda Submitted to Cuomo

The request for $10 million from the state was the principal item in requests by
the law-enforcement leaders for new laws and financing in the next session of
the Legislature.

The officials, who represent all of the district attorneys and chiefs of police
and sheriffs in the state, are part of a group formally called the New York
State Law Enforcement Council.

Officials said the council's complete legislative agenda for the 1988-1989
fiscal year, which begins on April 1, had been submitted to Governor Cuomo on
Nov. 18. The requests, including more funds for additional space in county
jails, were announced yesterday by the council at news conferences in Manhattan
and in Albany.

Calling on the Governor to support the $10 million fund, the council said it
would be used mainly to investigate ''industrial racketeering, government
corruption'' and narcotics-related crimes.

The council said that racketeering investigations were ''enormously expensive
and time-comsuming,'' and that district attorneys in the state were often unable
to divert personnel from violent crime cases to complex white-collar inquiries,
such as labor racketeering and frauds.

''The kinds of cases that will be made should return to the state millions of
dollars in fines, forfeited assets and back taxes,'' the council told the
Governor. ''They should also significantly reduce those illegal activities that
drive up the cost of doing business in the state.''

No Decision by Governor

A spokesman for Mr. Cuomo, Thomas P. Conroy, said yesterday that the council's
requests were ''being studied'' by the Governor but that he had reached no
decision.

The city's Criminal Justice Coordinator, Kevin Frawley, who is a member of the
council, said the plan for the new anti-corruption fund was endorsed by Mayor
Koch.

The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, at a news conference in
his office, cited a $25 million criminal fine against a concrete-industry
executive in a fraud case as an example how racketeering inquiries could ''pay
dividends'' in fines.

Mr. Morgenthau referred to a ruling last Thursday by the Appellate Divison of
the State Supreme Court for the First Department upholding the fine against
Edward J. Halloran, chairman of the Transit-Mix Concrete Company of Manhattan.
Mr. Halloran was convicted of fraud last year in a case brought by Mr.
Morgenthau's office.

At his news conference, Mr. Abrams said the council had suggested that the
state's Division of Criminal Justice Services be responsible for distributing
the $10 million after reviewing specific proposals that would be submitted by
his office or the district attorneys. Financing for the special projects would
have to be renewed each year by the Legislature, he noted.

Mr. Abrams emphasized that the payoffs obtained by organized-crime figures and
corrupt officials from racketeering ''are being passed along to all us'' through
inflated costs of doing business in the city and the state. He said that
racketeering and monopolies in the construction industry and the waste-carting
industry translated into ''higher rents for apartments and a higher bill every
time we have a meal in a restaurant.''

The council's plan for a $10 million fund, Mr. Abrams said, would be ''separate
and apart'' from a proposal last month by the Governor to establish new state
units to clean up the city's construction industry.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company

                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 23, 2013 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

A sleaze squeeze Panel big rips lawmakers

BYLINE: BY KENNETH LOVETT DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 316 words


ALBANY - A co-chairman of Gov. Cuomo's anti-corruption commission ripped into
the Legislature on Tuesday, calling it riddled with corruption.

"Thirty members of the governor's staff haven't been walked out in handcuffs in
the last five years," William Fitzpatrick said during a public radio interview.
"Thirty members of the attorney general's office haven't been walked out in
handcuffs in the last five years."

"The problem is, clearly, that there is a systemic corruption within the New
York State Legislature that needs to be addressed," he said - making it clear
that's where the main focus of the Moreland Commission's investigation lies.

Fitzpatrick painted an ugly hypothetical portrait of teaching kids about how the
modern-state Legislature works. "Now, if you were to do something in school, I
think you'd probably have to shift gears and maybe go to a yacht and have
champagne and hors d'oeuvres being served and people smoking cigars and so forth
and so on and bags of cash being left around," he said.

Angry insiders called Fitzpatrick, the Onondaga County district attorney, a
hypocrite - noting he has been criticized for using his campaign funds for trips
to Hawaii and Hilton Head, golf outings and lavish meals.

"Moreland loses credibility when its co-chairs say, 'Trust us, we're clean,'
while arguing that everyone else is behaving with malicious intent," said one
source.

Scandal has plagued not just the Legislature but the previous two governors and
former Controller Alan Hevesi, who went to prison, the insiders note. The panel
has sent subpoenas to the law firms of legislators who are lawyers seeking info
on their income and clients to see if there are conflicts of interest - a move
critics have blasted as unconstitutional. Fitzpatrick dismissed the claims as
"absurd."

The real problem, he said, is that many of the pols probably did nothing to earn
their outside income.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: William Fitzpatrick

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.

                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Federal judge upholds Illinois campaign finance law

LENGTH: 346  words


(JURIST) - The Illinois Disclosure and Regulation of Campaign Contributions and
Expenditures Act was ruled constitutional on Wednesday in a Federal District
Court in Chicago. The law limits how much political action committees (PACs) can
contribute to candidates, but permits political parties to contribute as much as
they want to campaigns. The law was challenged on First Amendment grounds by PAC
supporters who felt the law violated their right to free speech and equal
protection. Liberty Justice Center (LJC), whose lawyers represented the
plaintiffs, stated that, "hough enacted under the guise of fighting corruption
in Illinois politics, Illinois` campaign finance law actually creates structures
that enhance the potential for corruption." Federal Judge Gary Feinerman ruled
on the highly controversial issue of legislative caucus committees, and found
that the committees are essentially extensions of political parties and,
therefore, are not subject to spending restrictions under the law and upheld the
constitutionality of the different funding restrictions within the law. LJC said
their attorneys would appeal the ruling.

Political corruption through financing activities is a controversial issue in
the US. In July the US Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit refused to dismiss
bribery and fraud charges levied against US Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey.
Menendez is believed to have accepted gifts in exchange for political influence.
In June a three-judge panel in the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
rejected the appeal of former Connecticut governor John Rowland`s corruption
charges. Rowland had arranged to provide political consulting work in
contravention of current campaign finance law, particularly in receiving
payments from outside sources. This would not be the first time Rowland served a
prison sentence for corruption charges. In 2004 he pleaded guilty to corruption
charges and served 10 months of a one-year sentence after he admitted to
receiving more than $100,000 in gifts from state contractors. 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Federal Law Enforcement Authorities Announce Formation of Task Force to
Fight Public Corruption

LENGTH: 1098  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:


United States Attorney Deirdre M. Daly and representatives from five federal law
enforcement agencies today announced the formation of the Connecticut Public
Corruption Task Force to investigate corrupt public officials, the misuse of
public funds and related criminal activity.

The Connecticut Public Corruption Task Force includes representatives from the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, United States Postal Inspection Service,
Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation Division, and the Inspector
General's Offices of the United States Department of Health and Human Services
and the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.

"For the first time in Connecticut, we have brought together in a single
investigative unit, agents and inspectors from the federal agencies that have
primary responsibility for investigating public corruption," said U.S. Attorney
Daly. "Although each of these agencies has a history of working together,
bringing some of the best agents in the state into one unit with a singular
purpose of investigating all manner of corruption is an optimal way to address
the complex and varied threats posed by corrupt activity."

U.S. Attorney Daly explained that the Task Force is focused on rooting out not
only corrupt elected officials, but also federal, state and municipal employees
who use their position for personal gain at the expense of the public good. The
Task Force also will investigate corruption that threatens public resources, the
electoral process, and fair economic opportunities for citizens and businesses.
In addition, the Task Force is charged with uncovering corruption within both
public and private institutions that receive and misuse taxpayer dollars.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Christopher M. Mattei, who is Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office's Financial Fraud and Public Corruption Unit, is coordinating
the Task Force. The FBI has committed resources to support all Task Force
investigations and serves as the lead investigative agency.

"The New Haven Division of the FBI is joining forces with our federal agency
partners to combat public corruption throughout the State of Connecticut," said
FBI Special Agent in Charge Patricia M. Ferrick. "With the assistance and
cooperation of these partners, the Connecticut Public Corruption Task force is
well positioned to successfully root out and put an end to public corruption
within our area. Public servants are entrusted by all of us to act in the best
interests of the public they serve. It is important for the United States to
bring to justice those who betray that trust. Public corruption at all levels of
local, state, and federal government must not be tolerated, and this task force
will leverage the best assets of the task force partner agencies to address the
threat posed by corrupt public officials."

The Task Force has been at work for several months and has already made
significant gains in several investigations, including the recent arrest of the
former Finance Director of Plymouth who is alleged to have embezzled more than
$800,000 from the town.

"The Postal Inspection Service has enjoyed a close relationship with the
Connecticut U.S. Attorney's Office through the years working intricate and
complex fraud cases that involve the illicit use of the U.S Mails," said
Inspector in Charge Shelly A. Binkowski of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.
"The U.S. Postal Inspection Service welcomes the formation of the Connecticut
Public Corruption Task Force, a partnership that presents a tremendous
opportunity for various agencies to pool resources and expertise to ensure
public officials are held accountable."

"Investigating public corruption remains one of IRS Criminal Investigation's
highest priorities," said William Offord, Special Agent in Charge, Internal
Revenue Service. "Public trust is broken when elected or appointed officials
commit crimes--most often triggered by greed and resulting in unlawful personal
financial gain. IRS agents contribute their financial investigative expertise to
this formidable investigative team."

"As part of the Public Corruption Task Force, HHS OIG will ensure that the
department's dollars are not misused though public corruption and are instead
used for their intended purpose of ensuring that the most vulnerable members of
our society--including the elderly, poor and children--receive services funded
at least in part by taxpayers," said Phillip Coyne, Special Agent in Charge of
the Boston Regional Office of the Health and Human Services Office of the
Inspector General. "Working with our federal, state and local law enforcement
partners, we will continue to vigorously bring those who steal from these
programs to justice."

"The core mission of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
includes creating strong, sustainable communities and quality affordable homes
for all," said Christina Scaringi, Special Agent in Charge of the Northeast
Region of HUD's Office of Inspector General. "To carry out its mission, HUD
depends on the services of housing authority staff; owners and management agents
of HUD-assisted multifamily developments; state, local, and municipal
governments that receive HUD funding in the form of community development
grants; and nonprofit organizations that administer a variety of programs
including housing the homeless. HUD also oversees the administration of over
$150 million awarded to the State of Connecticut for Hurricane Irene and Sandy
disaster relief purposes. HUD OIG is dedicated to aggressively pursuing those
who choose to engage in corrupt behavior, and we are proud to be a part of this
all-important task force."

U.S. Attorney Daly encouraged citizens to report corrupt activity by calling
1-800-CALL-FBI (1-800-225-5324).

"Connecticut's unfortunate recent history with corruption is well known, but so
is this Office's history of combating corrupt activity," said U.S. Attorney
Daly. "Our efforts have been aided by a dogged media and courageous,
conscientious citizens, business owners and public officials who have provided
information about corrupt activity in their midst. We call on public servants,
the vast majority of whom are honest brokers, to not look the other way when
they see indications of corruption. We cannot overstate the importance of
citizen participation in our fight against corruption, and we urge all citizens
to assist us in this effort."
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday

Nation briefs: Sen. Stevens' corruption trial to continue

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 624 words


WASHINGTON

Evidence snafu doesn't impede corruption case

Prosecutors seriously bungled evidence and witnesses, but Sen. Ted Stevens'
corruption trial will proceed as planned, a federal judge ruled Thursday.

The case against the Alaska Republican threatened to collapse earlier in the day
when his attorney demanded a mistrial or dismissal of charges over the
government's failure to turn over evidence favorable to the senator.

U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan was angry at prosecutors for their handling
of evidence that might help Stevens' case, but was "not persuaded" that the
violations were serious enough to declare a mistrial. The trial will resume
Monday.

Sullivan asked whether the defense wanted a few extra days before continuing
with the trial, and he suggested that Stevens' lawyers could make a new opening
statement to jurors.

NEW YORK

Aircraft carrier returns to permanent dock

The World War II aircraft carrier Intrepid, powered by tugs and accompanied by a
festive Hudson River traffic jam, was returned Thursday to the Manhattan pier
where it has served for 24 years as a military and space museum.

Onlookers gathered along the riverbanks and in passing pleasure craft as the
38,900-ton vessel was ceremoniously escorted Thursday on its 10-mile journey
from Staten Island.

The Intrepid Sea Air & Space Museum had occupied the Manhattan space until late
2006, when it was moved for extensive repairs and improvements costing nearly
$120 million.

NEW YORK

Mayor wants law changed to allow third term

Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Thursday that he is pushing for changes that
would allow him to seek a third term, saying he wants to handle unfinished city
business, including the "unprecedented challenges" brought on by the financial
meltdown.

Bloomberg, confirming reports about his plan earlier this week, said he will ask
the City Council to change New York's term limits law so he can run for another
four years in office next year.

The law limits the mayor to two terms. Council Speaker Christine Quinn said a
bill to alter the term limits law for city officeholders would be introduced
Tuesday.

The measure would change the limit from two consecutive terms, or eight years,
to a maximum of three terms, or 12 years.

WASHINGTON

McCain concedes

Michigan to Obama

Republican presidential candidate John McCain conceded battleground Michigan to
Democrat Barack Obama on Thursday, a major retreat as he struggles to regain his
footing in a campaign increasingly dominated by economic issues.

In another sign of McCain's woes, his campaign signaled that it would counter
Obama's efforts in Indiana, a state that hasn't voted for a Democrat since 1964.
A New Hampshire survey showed the Republican trailing by double digits.

With polls showing Obama leading comfortably, McCain's campaign confirmed it was
pulling staff and advertising out of the economically distressed Michigan, which
has 17 electoral votes.

In Indiana, surveys show a competitive race after Obama spent months pouring
money into the state and Republicans resisted countering. Now the Republican
National Committee is running TV ads to fight for the state's 11 votes.

BISMARCK, N.D.

First lady visits

her 50th state

Laura Bush was welcomed to North Dakota on Thursday by children wearing red,
white and blue sailor hats and a sign that said: "Your 50th state, the best for
last."

The first lady came to North Dakota to visit the Sims Scandinavian Evangelical
Lutheran Church, believed to be the oldest Lutheran church west of the Missouri
River, and to promote a program that brings artwork into the nation's schools.

Bush, greeted at the airport by the first-graders and a high school band, said
North Dakota was the only state she had not visited as first lady.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The World War II aircraft carrier Intrepid moves via tugboat up the
Hudson River to its berth Thursday at the Manhattan pier.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 24, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Ala. mayor enters prison

BYLINE: Mark Mayfield

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 107 words

DATELINE: BIRMINGHAM, Ala.


Draped in chains, hundreds of protesters escorted Mayor Richard Arrington to
federal prison Thursday.

Arrington began serving an 18-month contempt sentence in Montgomery, Ala., for
refusing to turn over records in a federal corruption probe of City Hall.

Arrington says he'll eventually turn over documents, but for now is choosing
prison in protest.

A federal grand jury is probing charges he took kickbacks on city projects. But
the four-term mayor says he's being singled out because he's black.

He'll serve his sentence from 5 p.m. Thursdays to 8 a.m. Mondays.

''I want to turn adversity into triumph,'' Arrington told marchers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Dave Martin, AP

CUTLINE: CHAINS OF SUPPORT: Protesters escort Birmingham Mayor Richard Arrington
on his way to prison Thursday.

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 31, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Giuliani Again Vetoes Bill For Outside Police Monitor

BYLINE: By VIVIAN S. TOY

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 635 words


Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani yesterday vetoed the City Council's proposal to create
an independent police review board, in a decision that continued a long-running
dispute over the need for an outside panel to investigate police corruption.

The Mayor said he could not sign the bill because it violated the City Charter
and illegally eroded the Mayor's appointment powers. Mr. Giuliani has long
maintained that investigations into police corruption are best handled by the
Police Department itself.

Two of the five members of the proposed panel would be nominated by the City
Council, and the panel would have broad powers to use outside investigators to
delve into the department and subpoena police officers and records.

Wary of criticism that his veto would imply that he was less than dedicated to
fighting police corruption, Mr. Giuliani said in a statement, "My commitment to
combating corruption is strong, but I believe that the Police Department is, and
should continue to be, the first line of defense against police corruption."

In his veto message, the Mayor said an independent board "that is provided with
unlimited investigative power will do more harm than good" and could interfere
with police investigations.

Mr. Giuliani vetoed a 1994 bill to create a similar agency, and when the Council
overrode his veto, he successfully fought to have the bill struck down by a
State Supreme Court justice. The Mayor said the new bill had not corrected the
"fatal legal defects" of the 1994 bill.

Council officials said they were confident that the new version of the bill had
resolved the legal problems and would survive a legal challenge from the
Giuliani administration.

Peter F. Vallone, the Speaker of the Council, vowed to override yesterday's
veto, a promise easily kept because the Council approved the new board 40 to 7,
many more votes than the 34 needed for an override.

"The need for this board has to do with establishing a permanent structure to
combat corruption, which history shows cannot be handled from within the
department alone," Mr. Vallone said. "It is a way to insure that an honest cop
at the bottom of the totem pole, who wants to report corruption, has a place to
go other than where the corruption is occurring."

An independent board would provide neutral ground for complaints from police
officers who might be uncomfortable going to the department's Internal Affairs
Bureau or to a prosecutor's office, he said.

Council officials have said that they hoped an independent police review board
would be like a permanent Mollen Commission, the panel that investigated police
misdeeds from 1992 to 1994. The Mollen Commission uncovered police drug dealing
and revealed an Internal Affairs Bureau that often ignored brutality or helped
to cover it up.

Mr. Giuliani said in his veto message that the Mayor's Commission to Combat
Police Corruption, which he created in 1995 in response to the Mollen
Commission's findings, was "empowered to act as an independent monitor." But
Council officials said the Mayor's commission was tightly controlled by the
Mayor's office and noted that it had neither subpoena power nor the authority to
conduct its own investigations.

The Council's proposed panel is intended to complement the Civilian Complaint
Review Board, which takes complaints from the public and focuses primarily on
police brutality.

Under the new proposal, the Mayor would appoint all members of the board, but
the council would select two members, subject to the Mayor's approval. The
chairman of the board would be appointed by the Mayor in consultation with the
Council Speaker. Under the 1994 bill, the Council would have directly appointed
two of the members, and the chairman would have been jointly appointed by the
Mayor and the Speaker.




LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 28, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Knapp Commission Reunion Has an Unexpected Currency

BYLINE: By JOSEPH B. TREASTER

SECTION: Section 1; Page 25; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 825 words


It was planned as a pleasant evening of reminiscences about an investigation 20
years ago that brought sweeping reform to a New York City police department
mired in corruption.

But only that morning the newspapers carried front-page stories about the
creation of a new investigative body with a similar mission.

So as they dined in the crimson-curtained main room of the Merchants Club near
City Hall Friday night, members and friends of what had become known as the
Knapp Commission found themselves pondering whether history was repeating
itself, whether their antidote to thieving police officers had run its course
and whether a dose of strong new medicine was needed.

Many were corporate lawyers; some had become judges. By nature and training they
were cautious, but they ventured the opinion that the latest police corruption
scandal would be far more limited than the one they helped put down.

Cyclical Theory of Honesty

"My hunch is that it's not the same," said Whitman Knapp, the gray-haired
Federal District Court Judge who was chairman of the commission that issued its
final report in 1972. "My hunch is that it's not endemic the way it was back
then."

Nicholas Figueroa, a State Supreme Court justice who served as a Knapp
Commission staff lawyer, outlined his and others' belief in a cyclical theory of
corruption "just as there is a cycle in the financial markets."

"And the cycle has come around again," he said. "This is due to the fact that
people rest on their laurels. They become complacent and the police give in to
temptation."

"What we're going to get today," he said, "is clusters of corruption. In the old
days, in the pre-Knapp days, you had networks in the Police Department going
horizontally and vertically. Now what you have is groups of individuals who will
engage in corruption in a very limited area. It is no longer organized. They are
no longer as mutually protected."

City Hall's reaction to the recent reports of police corruption, ranging from
allegations of drug dealing to robbery and murder, has been different, too.

Support for the Commissioner

In 1970, a disillusioned police officer named Frank Serpico and a colleague on
the force, David Durk, who had graduated from Amherst College and studied law,
were unable to get anyone in the Police Department or the Mayor's office to
listen to their accounts of police units methodically collecting and divvying up
bribes to overlook crimes.

Only after the officers took their story to The New York Times and a reporter,
David Burnham, wrote a series of articles detailing the corruption and noting
that the city's leaders had failed to respond, was an investigation begun.

This time, even before the scope of the corruption is known, Mayor David N.
Dinkins has appointed an independent investigative commission.

As the Knapp Commission inquiry got under way, the Police Commissioner, Howard
R. Leary, resigned. But Nicholas Scoppetta, who began as a Knapp Commission
staff lawyer and went on to develop police corruption cases as a special Federal
prosecutor, said he did not expect the same fate for the current Commissioner,
Lee P. Brown.

"He has every indication of being the kind of commissioner to be a reformer,"
said Mr. Scoppetta, now in private practice.

A Previous Engagement

Neither Mr. Serpico nor Mr. Durk, both of whom have left the force, attended the
reunion and no one seemed to know much about what either had been doing lately.
Mr. Burnham, who is at work on a book about the Justice Department, sat at the
head table with Michael Armstrong, the Commission's chief counsel, now a partner
in a New York law firm, who organized the gathering.

At peak strength, the Knapp Commission had 12 investigators and a handful of
lawyers and it managed for two years on no more than $750,000. The Commission
members were workers, not talkers, self-effacers rather than self-promoters.
Only a few took a turn before the microphone at the dinner.

Some who did recalled the terror of accidentally dropping an air-conditioner
from a window of their 14th-floor office in lower Manhattan. Mercifully, it
crashed on a ledge well above the street. And then there was the time an
undercover officer's recording device suddenly began transmitting his
conversation with a suspect to the speaker of a television set in a crowded bar.

Many Commission members recalled with wonder verging on admiration the exploits
of William Phillips, an officer who, after being accused of extortion, became
the commission's chief undercover operative, only to be convicted later of
murdering a pimp and a prostitute. Ellen Fleysher, a television journalist, read
a letter from Mr. Phillips, congratulating the Commission, "one and all on a job
well done."

"I regret I cannot personally be with you tonight," he wrote, "but the
Department of Corrections had other plans for me. Thank you, and good evening
from Auburn Prison."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company
