
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 4, 2012 Wednesday

Police union president questions Mesa's place on 'safest city' list

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, East Valley Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 661 words


Jan. 04--A police union president is calling into question the validity of
Mesa's place on a recent magazine list honoring what are supposedly America's
safest cities to live in.

Ryan Russell, president of the Mesa Police Association, voiced concerns over the
list -- released last week by Forbes Magazine with the East Valley's largest
city coming in as the seventh-safest city in the United States -- because it
contains crime statistics that are nearly three years old and the ranking was
based on limited areas, such as traffic fatality rates and violent crimes for
cities with a population of more than 250,000.

Plano, Texas, a short drive north from Dallas, was ranked as the nation's safest
city to live in. The Las Vegas suburb of Henderson, Nev. was second and Honolulu
third. The rankings were based on violent crime rates reported by the FBI's
uniform crime statistics and traffic fatality rates reported by the National
Highway Traffic Safety administration.

Russell, who is a sergeant in Mesa's gang unit and also has seen domestic
violence incidents increase in the city and a steady flow of gang-related
activity, told the Tribune that he was surprised Mesa made the list amid its
budget cuts and personnel reductions through attrition in recent years. The Mesa
Police Department peaked with 855 uniformed officers on the streets between 2005
to 2008, but now is below 770, according to Russell.

"We need to have Forbes Magazine come out here and ride with our gang unit,"
Russell said. "The two areas that Forbes used to rank the cities are just a
small piece of the pie. I can understand why they figure in traffic fatalities
because that is a vital component to public safety. I think the ranking does
speak volumes as to how hard our officers are working."

By comparison, the gang unit in which Russell is a supervisor of, peaked at 22
detectives and 16 sergeants during 2008 and 2009, but now is at 16 detectives
and three sergeants.

Incident response times also increased by 12 to 14 percent since 2009,
translating from 3.75 minutes per call to 4.05 minutes today.

Based on crime statistics on cityrating.com, Mesa crime statistics reported an
overall downward trend in crime based on data spanning 11 years with violent
crime decreasing and property crime decreasing. Based on this trend, the crime
rate in Mesa for 2011 is expected to be lower than in 2009.

The city's violent crime rate for Mesa in 2009 was 1.08 percent lower than the
national violent crime rate average, while the city property crime rate in Mesa
was higher than the national property crime rate average by 13.08 percent.

In 2009 the city violent crime rate in Mesa was higher than the violent crime
rate in Arizona by 4.04 percent and the city property crime rate in Mesa was
lower than the property crime rate in Arizona by 3.47 percent, according to the
statistics.

In 2009, there were 14 homicides, 123 rapes and 1,303 motor vehicle thefts and
611 robberies reported in Mesa. However, in 2011, all of those categories were
projected to see increases by the end of the year.

The crimes projected to slightly drop during 2011 were burglaries, larceny and
theft, property crime and arson.

Russell called the rankings an "anomoly."

"Usually, during hard economic times, crimes goes up. We have seen some violent
crimes go down, but others go up," he said.

"The scope (Forbes) looked at is very small," Russell added. "Forbes Magazine
needs to expand its scope and run the whole gamut of crimes. The individual who
has their home or car burglarized, those are the people who look at whether Mesa
is the seventh-safest city."

The safest cities ranking list was compiled by Beth Greenfield, a contributor to
Forbes Magazine. Attempts to reach Greenfield for comment have been
unsuccessful.

Contact writer: (480) 898-6533 or msakal@evtrib.com

___ (c)2012 East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.) Visit East Valley Tribune (Mesa,
Ariz.) at www.eastvalleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120104-MZ-Police-union-president-questions-Mesa-s-place-on-safest-city-list-01
04-20120104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2012 East Valley Tribune


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday

Top cops dispute ranking

BYLINE: Heather Rutz, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


Nov. 24--LIMA -- The Lima area has the 36th highest crime rate in the country
and tops in Ohio, according to a new study published this week by CQ Press.

Law enforcement leaders were skeptical of that ranking and pointed to overall
decreasing crime in the area.

CQ publishes two lists, one of cities and another of metro areas. The Lima
Metropolitan Statistical Area (which includes all of Allen County) was ranked
36th on an index of 347 MSAs, a census designation, in the country. The city of
Lima was not ranked on an index of cities because CQ ranked only cities with
populations of 75,000 or greater.

"We're obviously concerned with a number that looks like that, but what we're
seeing is continuing decreases," said Maj. Tony Swygart of the Lima Police
Department.

Allen County Sheriff Sam Crish said the number surprised him.

"I wouldn't think we would rank 36," Crish said. "Overall, we're seeing a
decline. Within the overall crime rate, we've seen some crimes, such as thefts,
increase, but overall it's a decline."

The study uses majorcrime statistics reported by law enforcement agencies to the
FBI for murders, rapes, robberies, aggravated assaults, burglaries and
motor-vehicle thefts. The current rankings are based on crime statistics from
2009. The methodology allows each community to be compared to national crime
rates.

Other metropolitan areas in Ohio that made the list are Toledo at No. 54 (Toledo
itself ranks No. 27), Columbus at No. 79, Cleveland-Elyria-Mentor at No. 97
(Cleveland itself ranks No. 7), Dayton at No. 141 (Dayton itself ranks No. 20),
Akron at No. 147 (Akron itself ranks No. 47), and Springfield at No. 157.

St. Louis was rated the nation's most dangerous city. The rest of the top five,
in order, were Camden, N.J.; Detroit; Flint, Mich.; and Oakland, Calif.

Lima is continuing to see double-digit declines this year as compared to last
year, Swygart said.

The year 2009 was down 12 percent compare to 2008 and so far 2010 is showing
crime will be down another 13 percent compared to 2009, Swygart said. Some of
the "pinpoint" areas of the city police have focused on are seeing 40 percent
declines this year compared to 2009, Swygart said.

"Shortly after midyear this year, we actually received a letter from the FBI
about our reporting of robbery, aggravated assault and motor vehicle theft,"
Swygart said.

The data on those areas were down 50 percent and the FBI wanted to confirm the
numbers because they thought they found a data error, Swygart said.

You can comment on this story at www.limaohio.com.

To see more of The Lima News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.limanews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101124-LM-Top-cops-dispute-ranking-1124-20101124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2010 The Lima News


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            December 21, 2009 Monday

FBI: Murder rate fell 10 percent in first half of 2009

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 344 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- Murder and manslaughter dropped a remarkable 10 percent in
the first half of this year, according to preliminary figures released by the
FBI Monday showing crime falling across the country.

Overall, violent crimes fell by 4.4 percent and property crimes dropped by 6.1
percent, according to the data collected by the FBI. Crime rates haven't been
this low since the 1960's, and are nowhere near the peak reached in the early
1990's.

The new figures show car thefts also dropped significantly, falling nearly 19
percent and continuing a sharp downward trend in that category.

The figures are based on data supplied to the FBI by more than 11,700 police and
law enforcement agencies. They compare reported crimes in the first six months
of this year to the first six months of last year.

The early 2009 data suggests the crime-dropping trend of 2008 is not just
continuing but accelerating. In 2008, the same data showed a nearly 4 percent
drop in murder and manslaughter, and an overall drop in violent crime of 1.9
percent from 2007 to 2008.

According to the FBI figures, reports of violent crime fell about 7 percent in
cities with 1 million or more people. But in towns with 10,000 to 25,000 people,
violent crime ticked up slightly by 1.7 percent.

Each city's data was different, but collectively pointed to less crime in every
major category.

Nationwide, rape fell by 3.3 percent, and robbery by 6.5 percent. Arsons, which
are subject to a variety of reporting standards, declined more than 8 percent.

The FBI's data for New York City shows 204 reported murders in the first half of
2009, compared to 252 in same period last year. By comparison, Oklahoma City saw
reported killings increase from 26 to 32, the FBI said. Phoenix, Ariz., saw 10
fewer killings, dropping from 86 in the first half of 2008 to 76 in the first
half of this year, according to the data.

Separate statistics compiled by the Justice Department measure both reported and
unreported crimes.

On the Net:

FBI Crime Data: http://www.fbi.gov/page2/dec09/crimestats
(underscore)122109.html

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           September 13, 2004 Monday

Nation Digest

BYLINE: Compiled from wire reports

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 562 words


MONTANA

Hay, it's the Sphinx!

A hay sculpture titled "The Great Sphaynx" reclines in a field near Utica, Mont.
The sculpture is one of about 50 in the area, which are on display as  part of
the annual What the Hay Contest. Born of a practical joke between neighbors, the
contest is in its 10th year of baleful dabbling by farmers, er, sculptors.

OHIO

Apartment fire kills 10

COLUMBUS -- A suspected arson fire raced through an apartment complex in
suburban Columbus, killing 10 people who lived in the same apartment and forcing
others to jump from third-story windows to escape. At least 53 people were left
homeless by the Prairie Township fire, which destroyed the building's roof and
third floor, melted siding and left its skeleton exposed.

NATION

Little change in crime rate

WASHINGTON -- The nation's crime rate last year held steady at the lowest levels
since the government began surveying crime victims in 1973, the Justice
Department reported. The study was the latest contribution to a decade-long
trend in which violent crime as measured by victim surveys has fallen by 55
percent and property crime by 49 percent. That has included a 14 percent drop in
violent crime from 2000-01 to 2002-03.

Bush offers condolences

WASHINGTON -- President Bush made an unexpected visit to the Russian Embassy,
where he signed a book of condolences for victims of the Beslan school hostage
seizure. "The atrocities that took place in the school were beyond
comprehension," Bush said, adding that the United States stands
"shoulder-to-shoulder" with Russia in the war on terrorism.

VIRGINIA

US Airways files Chapter 11

ARLINGTON -- US Airways Group Inc., the nation's seventh largest airline, filed
for bankruptcy protection for the second time in two years. The company's
president vowed to continue restructuring the airline into a low-cost carrier.
The Chapter 11 filing came after US Airways was unable to obtain $800 million in
annual cost cuts from its workers' unions that the airline said it needed to
stay afloat. U.S. Airways does not serve Austin-Bergstrom International Airport,
airport spokesman Jim Halbrook said.

CALIFORNIA

Gas down 2 cents

LOS ANGELES -- Gas prices dropped about 2 cents in the past two weeks,
reflecting recent drops in the price of crude oil and plentiful supply, an
industry analyst said. The combined national average for all grades of gasoline
was $1.89, said Trilby Lundberg, who publishes the semimonthly Lundberg Survey.
The price was down from $1.91 on Aug. 27.

Starr to take dean's office

LOS ANGELES -- Kenneth Starr, special prosecutor in President Clinton's
impeachment trial, will be formally installed today as Pepperdine University's
law school dean. Starr, 58, guided the Whitewater investigation, which
eventually focused on the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal. In recent years he has
argued cases before the U.S. Supreme Court and federal appeals courts for an
array of big corporations.

HAWAII

Mauna Loa ready to blow

KAILUA-KONA -- Earthquakes have been rumbling more frequently deep beneath Mauna
Loa, suggesting that the world's largest volcano is getting ready to erupt for
the first time in 20 years, scientists said. "We don't believe an eruption is
right around the corner, but every day that goes by is one day closer to that
event," said Paul Okubo, a seismologist at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory on
the Big Island.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Austin American Statesman


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 June 17, 2003 Tuesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

FBI: U.S. crime rate barely budged in '02

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 487 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; HOUSTON


Crime in the United States remained relatively unchanged in 2002, dropping by a
mere two-tenths of 1 percent, a report released on Monday by the FBI shows.

Despite a sharp increase in homicides in Los Angeles, 2002 was the third
straight year that serious violent and property crime remained essentially flat,
after falling sharply during the 1990s.

But criminal justice experts warned that a series of factors could cause crime
to start increasing again rapidly. Among those factors are the downturn in the
economy, cutbacks in police forces and the courts because of budget shortfalls,
a growing number of inmates returning home from prison and a larger number of
teenagers.

Overall serious crime dropped 3.3 percent in 2002 in the Northeast, 2.1 percent
in the Midwest and 0.1 percent in the South. But in the West, it crime showed a
2.9 percent increase.

Unapologetic Keating resigns from abuse panel

Former Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating resigned Monday as chairman of a panel of lay
Catholics examining sex abuse in the church, but stood by his recent accusation
that some Roman Catholic bishops have shown a Mafia-like devotion to secrecy.

"My remarks, which some bishops found offensive, were deadly accurate. I make no
apology," Keating wrote in his letter of resignation. "To resist grand jury
subpoenas, to suppress the names of offending clerics, to deny, to obfuscate, to
explain away; that is the model of a criminal organization, not my church."

Clarke, Pentagon spokeswoman, resigns

WASHINGTON - Victoria "Torie" Clarke, chief Pentagon spokeswoman through two
wars and the first woman to serve as assistant secretary of defense for public
affairs, said Monday she will leave her post at the end of the week.

She said that she was resigning for "personal reasons" and that she plans to
spend more time with her family.

Clarke is credited with devising the program for embedding more than 500
journalists with U.S. forces during the war in Iraq.

Alleged ringleader in smuggling case arrested

HOUSTON - Authorities said Monday they have arrested the ringleader of the
immigrant smuggling operation that ended in the deaths of 19 people crammed into
a stifling trailer.

Prosecutors unsealed an indictment accusing 25-year-old Karla Patricia Chavez
and 13 others of having roles in the trip.

Chavez was arrested Friday trying to enter Guatemala.

Also . . .

TEXAS DEMOCRATS: Investigators found no wrongdoing by a Department of Homeland
Security agency that helped Texas police track down the private plane of a state
legislator who fled with other Democrats to Oklahoma in a political dispute.

FLOODING IN CHARLESTON, W.VA.: Rescuers had to scrounge for boats Monday as
flash flooding forced rural residents out of their homes. Employees at a FedEx
depot retreated to the roof as the water rose. In neighboring Kentucky, a
6-year-old girl's death was blamed on flooding.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: IN BRIEF

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; PHOTO, Associated Press; Victoria "Torie' Clarke; Rescuers had
to scrounge for boats Monday as flash flooding forced rural residents out of
their homes.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             June 24, 2002, Monday

September 11 blamed for crime rise in UK and US

BYLINE: Dominic Kennedy and Stewart Tendler

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 658 words


GROWING numbers of teenagers and young men are taking advantage of the switching
of police resources to anti-terrorist duties to indulge in a crime spree on both
sides of the Atlantic.

Crime has risen in America for the first time in a decade, mirroring an expected
substantial growth in England and Wales which brings to an end five years of
mainly falling figures. The growth in the number of young males, problems linked
to poverty and the diversion of police to combat terrorism, are being blamed on
both sides of the Atlantic.

In America the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Programme is expected to announce
today that major crime rose by 2 per cent in 2001 after nine years of falling
figures. In England and Wales crime is expected to have shot up by 6 per cent
when figures for 2001-02 are released on July 12. Crime had fallen in four out
of the previous five years.

The increase in America includes a 3.1 per cent rise in murder, more robberies,
burglaries and car thefts, The Washington Post reported. Murder jumped 67 per
cent in Boston and rose by at least

10 per cent in major cities such as Houston, Atlanta, St Louis and Phoenix.
Chicago and Los Angeles had smaller increases.

The crime wave grew fastest in western states, followed by the South and
Midwest. The North East, uniquely, enjoyed a fall in crime: murders fell in New
York, and in Washington all crime, including murder, was down.

The deaths from September 11 are excluded from the statistics. Had they been
included as homicides, the murder rate in America would have soared by 26 per
cent in a year.

Surges in the number of teenagers - the age group most likely to commit crime -
and the poor performance of the American economy are being blamed for the crime
wave. The FBI is also in the middle of a big reorganisation, concentrating on
prevention of terrorism rather than conventional crime.

America has a unique problem: an increase in the number of former convicts on
the streets. The 1980s saw tough sentences imposed on crack-cocaine offenders,
but they are now completing their sentences, boosting the numbers of releases to
600,000 a year.

The statistics are provoking a backlash against President Bush's spending cuts
on community policing. Senator Joseph Biden, a Democrat, said: "Crime is like
cutting grass. Just because you cut it down doesn't mean it's going to stay
there."

In England and Wales the biggest urban areas have experienced big rises in
crime, the worst being London. September 11 is being blamed. The Metropolitan
Police took 1,500 officers from outlying suburban areas and the streets of South
London to provide visible protection for important buildings in the capital.
There has also been an increase in the number of young males. They are the most
likely to get drunk and brawl.

Marion Fitzgerald, a criminologist who has advised the Home Office, said:
"Criminologists scratched their heads over the last ten years about why crime
was going down across the Western world. Now they are scratching their heads
again about why it should be going up."

She accepted that the diversion of police officers to anti-terrorist duties was
partly to blame. "Where police are removed to deal with things like September 11
or even the Queen Mother's funeral, you can actually see crime rising," she
said.

Dr Fitzgerald also pointed to growing gaps between the rich and poor. "Society
is becoming increasingly economically polarised between the haves and the have
nots," she said. "Right in the heart of some of our poorest, most deprived areas
are developments where abandoned industrial buildings are converted into hugely
expensive residences with BMWs going through electric gates. Unless we have some
social engineering, that's something we'll have to learn to live with: heavy
policing of the have-nots while the haves engage private security to protect
themselves."

Leading article, page 21


LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Newspapers Limited


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 11, 2002 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Study Finds Steady Increase At All Levels of Government In Cost of Criminal
Justice

BYLINE:  By FOX BUTTERFIELD

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 809 words


The cost of combating crime in the United States, for police, prisons and
courts, was $147 billion in 1999, the last year for which figures are available,
according to a study released yesterday by the Bureau of Justice Statistics.

That is more than four times the $36 billion spent on the criminal justice
system in 1982. Federal, state and local expenditures for police, prisons and
courts increased every year in the 1990's, even as crime fell during the decade.

Nearly 2.2 million people work in the criminal justice system, including one
million police officers, 717,000 prison and jail guards and 455,000 people in
the courts, the report said. The expenditures amount to 7.7 percent of all state
and local government spending and are about the same as government spending on
hospitals and health care.

The report did not directly address the question of how effective the spending
has been. But it did find that in general, crime rates and spending on criminal
justice were related, though not in the sense that many people believe.

"States with high crime rates tend to have higher than average expenditures and
employment" devoted to criminal justice, the report said, while states with the
lowest crime rates tend to have the lowest spending and employment.

Some of the highest spending on criminal justice per capita was in the District
of Columbia, Alaska and California, where the crime rates are high, the report
said. But the five states with the lowest spending per capita on criminal
justice were South Dakota, Maine, Vermont, North Dakota and West Virginia, which
have long been among the states with the lowest crime rates.

"You can't assume that because you spend more money that you are going to drive
down crime," said Michael Jacobson, a professor at John Jay College of Criminal
Justice and a former corrections and probation commissioner and deputy budget
director for New York City. "That is a simplistic assumption."

The question now, Professor Jacobson said, is whether the fiscal crisis facing
almost all states will force policy makers to confront the costs of using
prisons to lock up an ever increasing number of people.

"In the 1990's, when states were flush with cash, they could do everything,"
Professor Jacobson said. They could cut taxes and build more prisons, he said,
and in fact prisons were the fastest-growing item in state budgets during the
past decade. "But now they must make hard choices, and with crime already going
down, they must put a price on prisons."

Several states, including Ohio and Michigan, have already closed prisons in the
past few months as a result of budget shortfalls, and some other states,
including Washington, are considering reversing tough sentencing laws passed in
the 1990's, so that inmates will serve shorter terms and the pressure for prison
bed space will be reduced.

Jeremy Travis, a senior fellow at the Urban Institute and a former director of
the National Institute of Justice, the research arm of the Justice Department,
suggested that the report's finding about the huge costs of criminal justice
might lead some states to consider a new strategy for dealing with crime.

"The question is whether spending all that money on investments in the local
community, where crime is taking place, would end up costing less money," Mr.
Travis said. The money might be more effectively spent on job training,
education and family services in poor neighborhoods with high crime rates rather
than "exporting those funds to prisons, courts and police officers outside of
the community," he said.

In many states, including New York and California, most prisons are in rural
areas, shifting jobs and resources far from the cities where the majority of
criminals come from.

The report also highlights the federal government's increased role in the last
two decades in criminal justice, which before then had been regarded more as a
local or state function, said Alfred Blumstein, a professor of criminal justice
at Carnegie Mellon University.

Federal expenditures on criminal justice jumped to $27.4 billion in 1999, up
from $4.5 billion in 1982, the report found. That is a greater increase than
those in state and local spending. The biggest proportion of the increase in
federal spending was for prisons, as Congress moved to make more crimes federal
crimes, particularly drug offenses, and imposed longer sentences.

About 60 percent of inmates in federal prisons are now there for drug crimes,
Professor Blumstein said, a far higher proportion than in state prisons.

The report also found that spending on prisons, largely a state responsibility,
grew faster than spending on police, which is primarily local. State spending on
prisons, adjusted for inflation, rose 122 percent from 1982 to 1999, to $34.7
billion. But local spending on police increased only 39 percent, to $45.6
billion.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "PRICE TAG: The Cost of Crime"Fighting crime in the United
States has become increasingly expensive. Graph tracks expenses for the courts,
prisons, and police from 1982-1998. Figures adjusted for inflation and shown in
1999 dollars.(Source: Bureau of Justics Statistics)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                        May 8, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

CRIME CONTINUES TO DROP FOR EIGHTH YEAR IN A ROW;
SERIOUS OFFENSES IN BAY AREA CITIES FOLLOW THE NATIONWIDE TREND, ACCORDING TO A
PRELIMINARY FBI REPORT

BYLINE: Michael J. Sniffen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 669 words


WASHINGTON Serious crimes reported to the police dropped for an eighth
consecutive year in 1999, down 7 percent from the year before and by far the
longest-running crime decline on record, the FBI reported Sunday.

Serious crime dropped from 3 percent to 19 percent among eight cities in the Bay
Area, with the smallest declines in Concord and Vallejo, with 3.5 percent and 3
percent respectively. The largest decline 19 percent was recorded in Fremont.

The bureau's preliminary figures for 1999 extended a trend started in 1992 that
is now almost three times longer than the second-longest decline, the three
years from 1982 through 1984.

FBI crime records go back through 1960.

"This may be finally undoing the great rise in crime of the late 1960s," said
professor Alfred Blumstein of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.

The nation's longest and steepest rise in crimes increases of 10.2 percent to
13.8 percent from 1965 through 1969 came as postwar baby boomers reached the
crime-prone ages of 15 to 25 and "civil rights and Vietnam war protests
increased distrust of government," Blumstein said.

Blumstein and other academic experts also pointed to a slowing in 1999 of the
crime decline in the nation's largest cities as a reminder that crime rates
cannot go down forever.

"They are the leaders," he said, "both on the way up and on the way down."

The FBI report showed that all seven major types of crime were down not only
nationwide, but also in each region of the nation, and in suburbs, rural areas
and in cities of all sizes.

Reports of serious crime were down 10 percent in Berkeley, 16 percent in
Oakland, 6 percent in San Francisco and 15 percent in Hayward and San Jose.

Nationally, the violent crimes of murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault
were down a combined 7 percent, with the biggest decreases in murder and
robbery, each down 8 percent. Rape and assault were down 7 percent each. Those
crimes were down an average of 11 percent in the Bay Area cities of Berkeley,
Concord, Fremont, Hayward, Oakland, San Francisco, San Jose and Vallejo.

Nationally, the property crimes of burglary, auto theft and larceny-theft also
were down a combined 7 percent, led by an 11 percent drop in burglaries. Auto
theft was down 8 percent, larceny-theft 6 percent.

"Now is not the time, however, to become complacent," Attorney General Janet
Reno said. "Let's try harder. We must redouble our efforts by providing
alternatives to crime as well as tough enforcement."

Politicians of both major parties pointed proudly to anti-crime measures they
championed.

President Clinton said the report "confirms that our anti-crime strategy more
police officers on the beat, fewer illegal guns and violent criminals on the
street is having a powerful impact."

Clinton pushed through funding for 100,000 additional police officers and passed
the Brady bill, which requires background checks for gun purchasers.

The House Judiciary crime subcommittee chairman, Rep. Bill McCollum, R-Fla.,
credited strategies developed by local governments in community policing for
which Clinton won federal funding, but also highlighted a GOP-sponsored law he
said has induced 27 states to impose longer prison terms in exchange for federal
money to build prisons.

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, said the results "were
largely due to the leadership at the state, local and federal level of
Republicans committed to arresting, prosecuting and incarcerating violent
criminals." GOP-backed legislation has provided $700 million a year for prison
construction, Hatch said.

Clinton said further progress could come from passing his remaining gun control
legislation, such as requiring child-safety locks and background checks on
buyers at gun shows. Hatch, reflecting GOP opposition that has blocked those
measures, noted the crime reductions came without enacting more extensive gun
control laws.

Times staff writer Yvonne Condes contributed to the story.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 22, 1995, Monday, Tampa Edition

Tampa, Clearwater top Florida list of rising crime

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; THE NATION; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 478 words



Tampa and Clearwater showed the largest increase in crime among nine Florida
cities studied in 1994 - a year in which Florida's cities also ranked as the
three top crime spots in the nation, the FBI reported Sunday.

Tampa led the state in increases in car thefts. Its 11,011 reported auto  thefts
for 1994 topped those in the other cities mentioned in the latest FBI  crime
report: Clearwater, Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood, Jacksonville, Miami,  Orlando,
St. Petersburg and Tallahassee.

In 1993, 8,473 car thefts were reported in Tampa.

Tampa also reported increases in 1994 in murder, forcible rape, aggravated
assault, robbery, larceny theft and arson - or in six of the seven crime areas
in the FBI report. The only area where there was a decrease was burglary.

Clearwater saw increases in all areas except forcible rape, aggravated  assault
and arson, according to the report.

Equally troubling, Fort Lauderdale, Tampa and Miami rated Nos. 1, 2 and 3 in
the nation among cities for all major crime reported.

Crime reports for elsewhere in the state show:

Larceny was up in St. Petersburg, Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood and  Jacksonville,
as well as Tampa and Clearwater.

Tallahassee led all the Florida metropolitan areas in improvement, the FBI
said. The city had no increase in any serious crime. Its most marked
improvement was a reduction in motor vehicle theft, down to 1,283 last year
from 2,085 the previous year.

Miami, Jacksonville and Orlando also showed marked improvement. The only  area
in which Miami showed an increase was forcible rape. The only increases  for
Jacksonville were forcible rape, larceny theft and arson. Orlando likewise  had
increased crime in three areas: murder, aggravated assault and motor  vehicle
thefts.

Nationwide, serious crimes decreased 3 percent in 1994, compared with 1993,  the
new FBI figures showed. It was the third consecutive yearly decrease in
reported crime.

Improvement was shown in nearly all categories nationwide: Robbery dropped  6
percent, and murder and rape declined 5 percent. Among property crimes  reported
nationally, burglary dropped 5 percent, motor vehicle theft fell 2  percent and
both larceny-theft and arson decreased 1 percent.

Every region reported a decline in reported crime: 5 percent in the  Northeast,
2 percent in the South, and 1 percent in the Midwest and in the  West. Violent
crime declined in all regions and property crime showed a  reduction in all but
the West, where it remained at the 1993 level.

Among cities, the largest decline in overall reported crime was 6 percent  in
those with more than 1-million residents. All others showed smaller  declines
except cities of 10,000 to 24,999, where reported crime remained  level.

In suburbs, overall crime showed no change; it increased by 1 percent in  rural
areas.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            July 21, 1994, Thursday

Federal grand jury indicts suspected drug ring kingpin

BYLINE: By Bill Rankin STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 6

LENGTH: 366 words


By replacing the hard drives of personal computers and replacing them with
20-pound packets of cocaine, Erick Bozeman amassed a $ 30 million fortune,
prosecutors say.

Bozeman, indicted in Atlanta Tuesday by a federal grand jury, lived the high
life, residing in a $ 680,000 Leona Valley, Calif., home. He lavished
apartments, commissions and perks on many of his associates.

He was arrested this month by federal agents who had tapped his phone lines,
sifted through his garbage and used search warrants to get detailed computer
printouts of his drug buys and expenses, FBI Special Agent Bill Lewis testified
last month during a pretrial hearing.

"This is certainly one of the largest drug cases we've had and this is one of
the most sophisticated cases we've prosecuted," U.S. Attorney Kent Alexander
said. "It blurs the line between white collar crime and drug crimes." Twenty of
Bozeman's associates were also named in the indictment.

According to Lewis, Bozeman spent at least $ 150,000 a month for travel,
freight, legal fees, restaurants, family support and office equipment that
included fax machines and an elaborate computer network that tracked and
documented his drug deals.

Lewis said agents have uncovered more than a dozen phony corporations he had
established to launder his drug proceeds and a number of offshore bank accounts
in the Bahamas, the Cayman Islands and Antigua to conceal his wealth.

Bozeman will be tried in Atlanta because the federal investigation began here,
said Janis Gordon, the lead prosecutor in the case. During the spring of 1993,
according to the indictment, the Bozeman drug ring earned $ 1.03 million in drug
proceeds out of its "Atlanta office," the 63- page indictment said.

Bozeman, now in custody in Los Angeles, is expected to be soon transferred to
Atlanta, where his case is before new U.S. District Judge Clarence Cooper.

If convicted, Bozeman faces a mandatory life prison sentence, Gordon said.

According to the indictment, Bozeman's drug ring sold cocaine in Atlanta, Los
Angeles, Baltimore, Washington, Memphis, New York, Chicago, Detroit and Jackson,
Miss., and since early 1992, he sold more than 2,000 pounds of cocaine.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942030133

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 22, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. attorneys don't treat laws the same

BYLINE: Laura Frank; Sam Vincent Meddis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1419 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


The sign outside Dewey Bedford's high school says no drug dealing is allowed
near the school.

Drug dealers ignore the sign and, all too often, so does the federal government.

At a time when the public says that crime is the nation's most pressing issue
and Congress debates sweeping new laws, a USA TODAY investigation shows that how
well you're protected - and how well criminals are prosecuted - depends largely
on where you live:

-- Federal prosecutors in some of the USA's most dangerous areas often fail to
go after serious crimes because they don't have enough lawyers to take criminals
to court.

-- In some safer areas, federal lawyers prosecute cases so minor that judges say
they're a waste of their time.

-- While the number of federal prosecutors more than doubled in the 1980s and
the budget nearly quadrupled, each prosecutor handled fewer new matters, filed
fewer new cases and convicted fewer defendants.

"People might assume all crimes are prosecuted equally across the country," says
Nora Manella, the U.S. Attorney in Los Angeles. "They're not."

Adds Ed Stephenson, an investigator for the General Accounting Office who used
to study the Justice Department: "There is no strategic overall management plan
to direct law enforcement resources in this country."

Attorney General Janet Reno, who oversees the federal prosecutors system, did
not directly respond to USA TODAY's findings. But she says she's concerned about
the criticisms.

In an interview Tuesday, Reno said her office is investigating federal
prosecutors and crimes prosecuted. She gets a departmental report Thursday.

"We want to make sure we consider the needs of all districts . . . make sure
dollars are allocated the right way," Reno says.

What's a federal offense?

Although they handle just 5% of all criminal cases - about 35,000 a year, most
drug-related - the USA's 4,000 federal prosecutors are a highly visible part of
the war on crime.

Yet the battlefronts yield different results:

-- The government goes after more career drug offenders in Portland, Ore., than
in Detroit - and prosecutes twice as many crack cases in Charleston, W. Va., as
in Manhattan.

-- For every million residents, the U.S. attorney's office in Burlington, Vt.,
has nearly twice as many prosecutors as the offices of Detroit, San Francisco or
Baltimore.

-- The Los Angeles district, with almost 4 million more residents than the two
districts serving New York City, has less than half the number of prosecutors.

Another example of the inequity can be seen in Memphis, about 1,600 miles from
Dewey's Los Angeles neighborhood.

There, in the better-staffed Tennessee district, authorities recently went out
of their way to make a federal case of a school drug bust, says federal public
defender Ed Duke.

A police undercover informant, buying less than an ounce of marijuana from his
former teacher, insisted on receiving the pot on school grounds - where federal
law nearly doubles the usual state penalty - even though the teacher attempted
to make the deal elsewhere, according to court documents.

"It seems to be a waste of resources," says Duke. "Why should a small amount of
drugs be more of a federal offense here than in Los Angeles or Miami?"

Anthony Moscato, head of the Executive Office of U.S. Attorneys and a Justice
Department spokesman, defends the federal prosecutor system, saying that the
seriousness of a crime might depend on the person who is doing the labeling.

What appears to be a minor drug case in Los Angeles can be a "catastrophe in
Vermont," he says.

Explosion of federal laws

The nation's U.S. attorneys bring charges based on about 3,000 federal laws,
used to nab people for everything from fraud to murder. Congress now is debating
a crime bill that would federalize dozens more crimes covered by state laws.

That's a move some experts say is a grave mistake.

"I don't believe it makes any kind of sense to federalize crime in the name of
being tough," says former FBI director William Webster. "Basic street-type
activities are best carried out by local law enforcement."

Others object to the federalization of crimes because U.S. attorneys can't
enforce all the laws already on the books - and because of unequal enforcement.

Scott Wallace, former counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee, blames the
explosion of federal laws for creating a kind of legal free-for-all from
district to district, sending an inconsistent message to criminals about law
enforcement.

"The (get-tough) message is so diluted now as to become pointless," Wallace
says. "They are trying to convince so many people of their seriousness that they
convince no one."

Playing politics with prosecutors

The nation's 93 U.S. attorneys - one does double-duty in two districts - are
appointees of the president and approved by Congress. Although they choose their
own assistants, each office's staff size is set by the Justice Department.

Critics complain that how big an office is often has to do with politics - who's
in or out of favor - and argue that an area's population should play a greater
role in staffing decisions.

But current and former U.S. attorneys say comparing staff size to population
isn't valid.

Take, for example, three of the best staffed districts:

-- The U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan - with 41 staff lawyers per million
people - gets more than its share of complex financial fraud cases.

-- Miami, also with 41 lawyers per million, is a notorious gateway for drugs
coming from South America and the violence that stems from the drug trade.

-- And San Diego, with 32 staff lawyers per million people, constantly battles
illegal immigration and drug smuggling.

"The guiding principle is, 'We are not all the same,' " says Justice spokesman
Moscato.

But as more state crimes become federalized, critics argue that population
becomes more relevant. And studies show that densely populated areas suffer a
greater share of crime.

'Can't tell if they're doing a better job'

Reno says the report she'll get on Thursday will help the department allocate
its people and its money. Right now, even the General Accounting Office, the
government watchdog, can't figure out how Justice divides up its resources.

The budget for U.S. attorneys' offices soared fourfold between 1981 and 1994,
from $ 177 million to $ 813 million. "And yet we can't really tell whether
they're doing a better job," says former investigator Stephenson.

Cases now, prosecutors say - especially drug cases - are more complex. A
prosecutor can work longer on fewer.

Thomas Corbett, a former U.S. attorney in Pittsburgh, says he's sure "there were
cases we didn't get to because of lack of resources."

Says Manella, U.S. attorney in Los Angeles: "I guess this says you ought to
think about where to commit a crime."

Burden of prosecution

As the number of prosecutors soared, convictions per staff plummeted:

Federal prosecutor staff rises: Lawyers per 1 million population: 15

Convictions per staff member decline: Convictions per 1 million population: 11

-----

As crime soars, so do prosecution cost

The federal prosecutorial staff has more than doubled in the last decade and the
cost to operate the program has quadrupled:

Lawyers
1992   3,931

The budget (in millions)(1)
1992   $ 794

(1)-Starting in 1983, total includes Organized Crime/Drug Enforcement Task Force
money

Leaders in crime Districts with the most crimes per 1 million population
Washington        11,288
Virgin Islands    10,566
Miami              9,599
Fort Worth         8,062
Tampa              7,801
Baton Rouge        7,709
San Antonio        7,702
Manhattan          7,591
Pensacola, Fla.    7,025
Los Angeles        6,998

More cases, less action The number of cases referred to U.S. attorneys has
climbed about 39% since 1980, but the number of cases acted on increased only
21%

1980 Referred 57,157
Filed     29,120

1992 Referred 79,195
Filed     35,263

The changing case load Drug and white collar crimes are an increasing part of
the case load for U.S. attorneys
                  1980        1992
Drugs             11.8%        32.8%
White collar      11.0%        17.0%
Other(1)          49.0%        50.3%

1 - Mostly violent crime, bank robbery, interstate theft, immigration

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1994June 26, 1994June 26, 1994June 26, 1994June 26, 1994June
26, 1994June 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, color, USA TODAY (Line graph); GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY,
Source:Justice Department, Transaction Records Access Clearinghouse, U.S.
Sentencing Commission (Line graph, Bar graph); PHOTO, color, Mike Theiler,
Reuters; PHOTO, b/w, John L. Focht

TYPE: Cover Story

UNEQUAL JUSTICE; Where you commit a crime may be more serious than the crime
itself; See related stories; 07A; See info boxes at end of text

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             April 21, 1974, Sunday

BYLINE: BY ANDREW H MALCOLM

SECTION: Page 49, Column 1

LENGTH: 124 words

Article on burgeoning of crime in US suburbs features Schaumburg, Ill, near
Chicago, as typical suburb.  FBI '73 figures show serious crimes rose 3% in
cities, 5% nationally, but 10% in suburbs.  Violent crimes rose 3% in cities and
13% in suburbs.  Assaults grew by 5% in cities and 15% in suburbs.  Rape
increased 10% in cities and 9% in suburbs.  Suburban crime increase put to
steady rapid growth of suburbs, population of which now outnumbers cities'.
History of Schaumburg noted.  Operation of police dept detailed.  Police
officials in Westport, Conn, Huntingdon Valley, Penna, Garland, Tex, Downey,
Calif, Torrance, Calif, Miami Beach, Hunter's Ridge, Mich, and Mt Lebanon, Penna
comment.  Illus of Schaumburg police station (L).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 111-7

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photograph

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 20, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Clinton Urges Campaign Against Youth Crime

BYLINE: By ALISON MITCHELL

SECTION: Section B; Page 9; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 706 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Feb. 19


Signaling the new emphasis of his anti-crime measures in a second term,
President Clinton today visited a city that has seen an impressive reduction in
juvenile crime statistics and declared that the battle against youth crime "has
got to become our top law-enforcement priority."

Pointing to population trends, Mr. Clinton said United States school enrollment
had swelled to 52 million and was running above baby boom levels, numbers that
he said could hold the potential for a youth crime epidemic.

"So we know we've got about six years to turn this juvenile crime thing around
or our country is going to be living with chaos," he said in an address at the
Boston campus of the University of Massachusetts. "And my successors will not be
giving speeches about the wonderful opportunities of the global economy; they'll
be trying to keep body and soul together for people on the streets of these
cities."

Mr. Clinton also urged Congress to approve a $495 million two-year campaign
against youth crime. The program would include $200 million in grants to allow
localities to hire new prosecutors for juvenile crime and develop task forces to
fight gangs, $60 million to finance 1,000 new after-school programs and $75
million for anti-truancy and crime prevention programs.

The President called for expanding controls on handguns so that youths who turn
18 and have juvenile records of violent crime are blocked from buying handguns.
Adults who commit felonies are prohibited from possessing firearms, but juvenile
records are not scrutinized in such purchases.

And he proposed changes in law to make it easier for prosecutors to fight gangs
through increased penalties, new authority to seize property in crimes of
violence, racketeering and obstruction of justice and an easing of the burden of
proof in certain car-jacking cases and Federal racketeering cases.

Mr. Clinton highlighted his proposals in a city that has had marked success in
fighting juvenile violence. From 1990 to 1995 juvenile homicides in Boston fell
by 80 percent and no juvenile has been killed by gunfire here since July 1995.
From 1993 to 1995, the juvenile arrest rate for aggravated assault and battery
with a firearm dropped 65 percent.

Police and public officials attribute the improvement to innovative and
inexpensive strategies like one in which probation officers team with police
officers to visit the homes of youths on probation to insure that they abide by
their curfew and probation terms. Like New York, Boston has also focused on
enforcing statutes against graffiti, truancy, noise and other so-called
quality-of-life crimes in cutting the crime rate.

City officials also intensified their focus on gangs and guns after
computer-aided research from Harvard University found that three-quarters of
juvenile killers and their victims had been involved with gangs and that the
authorities could identify firearms dealers who made significant numbers of
illegal gun sales to young people.

"We know that if this can be done in Boston, "Mr. Clinton said, "it can be done
in every community, in every neighborhood of every size in the United States.
And we ask the United States Congress to do what you've done here in
Massachusetts: cross all party lines, throw politics away, throw the speeches in
the trash can, join hands. Let's do what works and make America the safe place
it has to be."

Congressional Republicans have proposed a three-year program against youth
crime, a $1.5 billion plan that would give grants to state and local governments
for applying adult penalties to the most dangerous, violent juveniles. The
grants could be used to build or expand juvenile detention centers to develop
alternative sanction programs.

But Michael D. McCurry, the White House press secretary, said Boston's
experience showed that youth crime could be attacked through community policing
and other community-based programs.

"It's not just about building more prisons or toughening law enforcement or
providing more cops," Mr. McCurry said. "It's also about a strategy of
engagement in the community so that young people understand that adults care
about their lives and are holding them accountable to more civil norms of
behavior."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: President Clinton shared a laugh yesterday with Mayor Thomas M.
Menino of Boston at a juvenile crime and justice seminar at the University of
Massachusetts after a participant used a metaphor, then hastened to say he was
not referring to Mr. Clinton in saying it was easier to lose the first 20 pounds
when dieting than the second 20. (Reuters)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 18, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

JAILING OF CRIME FIGURE CALLED TELLING BLOW TO MAFIA IN PHILADELPHIA

BYLINE: By LINDSEY GRUSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 36, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 730 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 17


Capping a drive that some officials predict will shatter the influence of the
most powerful organized crime syndicate here, a Federal magistrate ruled
Thursday that a reputed Mafia leader, Nicodemo Scarfo, was a public danger and
ordered him held without bail pending trial on charges that he had planned an
extortion scheme with a City Councilman.

After a two-day hearing here, the magistrate, Edwin E. Naythons, ruled that
testimony ''unequivocably'' showed that Mr. Scarfo, 57 years old, was the head
of an organized crime family that controlled rackets in Philadelphia and
southern New Jersey and that ''business as usual involves threats and crimes of
violence.''

At the hearing, Detective Edward Johnson of the New Jersey State Police
testified that Thomas DelGiorno, a Mafia member who has admitted participating
in five slayings and is now cooperating with prosecutors, had told him that Mr.
Scarfo ordered or approved at least 14 murders or attempted murders, was present
at several killings and had driven the getaway car after one slaying.

Charged in Extortion Case

Mr. Scarfo was arrested earlier this month as he stepped off a plane at the
Atlantic City Airport in Egg Harbor Township after returning from a vacation in
Florida. He was charged with conspiring with City Councilman Leland M. Beloff
and others to extort $1 million from Willard G. Rouse 3d, the developer of a key
parcel of land in the effort to rejuvenate the city's waterfront.

Both Mr. Scarfo and Mr. Beloff have pleaded not quilty. At the hearing, Mr.
Scarfo's attorney, Robert F. Simone, who was identified by prosecutors as an
unindicted co-conspirator in the extortion plot, suggested that Mr. DelGiorno
and a second Federal informer had concocted the allegations to avoid long prison
sentences for their roles in the murders.

In addition, Mr. Scarfo, who is a target of continuing Federal investigations
into at least five murders and several attempted killings, pleaded not quilty
last year to racketeering charges filed against him in New Jersey. Some
officials predicted that if he is convicted and sentenced to a long jail term in
any of these cases, he would lose control of his organization.

'A Significant Blow'

The ability of the group to survive Mr. Scarfo's imprisonment without losing its
once powerful hold on rackets in the area has been seriously diminished by a
internecine war, investigators said. The continuing battle broke into the open
in March 1980 when Angelo Bruno, then alleged to be the head of the
organization, was slain in front of his South Philadelphia home.

''This is one of the most significant blows to La Cosa Nostra in the area in
recent years,'' said Carl P. Brown, director of intelligence for the
Pennsylvania Crime Commission. ''It takes the entire center out of the hierarchy
of the mob in Philadelphia. If Scarfo goes away and his chief lieutenants go
away, who's left except the very old? Only the very young, and they're too
inexperienced to take control.''

In the last six years, the battle for control of the crime organization has led
to the killing of 28 senior Mafia members and associates, according to the
Pennsylvania Crime Commission. It has wiped out a generation of potential
leaders and has led to ''a breakdown in the code of silence that previously was
entrenched and enforced and never violated,'' Mr. Brown and Federal prosecutors
said.

Nationwide Setbacks Cited

Organized crime's setbacks in Philadelphia are ''indicative of what's going on
nationwide,'' Mr. Brown said. He noted that eight men considered key Mafia
leaders had been convicted in New York of racketeering this week and sentenced
to prison terms ranging from 40 to 100 years. He also noted that Mafia leaders
in Cleveland and Kansas City, among other cities, had been successfully
prosecuted in recent years.

But Mr. Brown emphasized that current successes did not mean that organized
crime's activities or influence would end. Investigators point to continued
prosperity of organized crime families in the region, especially in Atlantic
City and southern New Jersey. In addition, they said, younger members or retired
mobsters could seize control and unite warring factions or could establish new
syndicates.

''It certainly won't be the end of La Cosa Nostra in the area, but its influence
certainly is diminished,'' Mr. Brown said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Nicodemo Scarfo

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                                January 4, 2017

Crime rate down in 2015, violent crime up

LENGTH: 227  words


RALEIGH -- The overall crime rate in North Carolina declined in 2015, driven
down by drops in property crimes such as burglary and larceny. But violent crime
in the state rose for the year after a decade of improvement, according to a
report released by the State Bureau of Investigation.

Statewide, the crime rate dropped 3.5 percent in 2015, continuing a downward
trend that began in 2005. The rate of violent crime - murder, rape, robbery and
aggravated assault - was 355.8 per 100,000 residents, an increase of 6.9
percent. The rate for property crimes - burglary, larceny, arson and motor
vehicle theft - was 2,813.5, down 4.7 percent from 2014.

Durham County had the second highest violent crime rate in the state, at 785 per
100,000 residents. Robeson County topped the list at 915.4 per 100,000. The
violent crime rate in Wake was 246.5.

The North Carolina numbers mirror the national trend, according to the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, which reported in September that the violent crime rate
rose in 2015 while the property crime rate dropped. Despite the increase in
2015, the national violent crime rate of 372.6 remains less than half its peak
in 1991.

There were 559 homicides in North Carolina in 2015. That's 7 percent more than
the year before, propelled by increases in Charlotte-Mecklenburg and Durham,
which together accounted for 96 homicides.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Law and Disorder;
A surge in crime in American cities is a worrying precedent for Britain

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION; LEADING ARTICLES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 573 words


The time of year is approaching when every flight to the United States feels
full of visitors departing on what they hope will be the trip of a lifetime. For
the first time in recent memory many will land in cities in the grip of a sharp
increase in violent crime. In most cases the increase follows a long decline
that seemed to have confined the American urban homicide epidemic to history and
Netflix. That optimism has been cruelly exposed, and the most plausible reason
is the most obvious. After a spate of police killings of unarmed black men that
prompted furious rioting from Missouri to Maryland, police backed off.

The worst of the rioting took place last summer in Ferguson, a suburb of St
Louis, and the new reluctance of police to patrol proactively in tense city
neighbourhoods has become known as the Ferguson effect. It should not be allowed
to obscure the root cause of the tension. There is no doubt that in cities
across America mainly white police forces have disproportionately targeted young
black men under US equivalents of Britain's stop and search laws. Yet there is
not much doubt either that no-go areas are returning to America's cities and
could appear in Britain's if important lessons are not heeded.

Before the mayoralty of Rudolph Giuliani, who took office in 1994, New Yorkers
observed an unwritten rule not to enter Central Park after dark. Whole
neighbourhoods were considered off-limits to the timorous middle class, as to
the masters of the universe caricatured in Tom Wolfe's The Bonfire of the
Vanities. Since then the city has been transformed. Mr Giuliani and his police
commissioner, Bill Bratton, enforced a "zero-tolerance" approach to minor crime
that involved the routine use of "stop and frisk" powers and helped to drive
down crime three times faster than the national average.

Overall, crime in America peaked around 1990 and has been declining ever since.
The latest figures for violent crime in key cities are all the more startling
given this context. Last month was Baltimore's worst for gun crime in 15 years.
For the year to date, shootings and other violent crime are up 25 per cent in
Los Angeles. For Chicago the figure is 24 per cent and for St Louis 39. The
murder rate in Milwaukee is up an alarming 180 per cent year-on-year, and in one
Harlem precinct in New York it has risen fivefold. Police chiefs across the
country attribute these spikes to a retreat by frontline officers in the face of
a wave of public hostility - a wave that one estimated would take five years to
subside.

Urban America cannot wait five years for its police forces to reach a new
accommodation with its citizenry. Nor can Britain afford to let violent crime
spiral upwards as it has in the United States. Overall crime peaked here five
years later than in the US. Since then we have enjoyed a similar broad downward
trend, with the added reassurance that comes with some of the world's toughest
gun laws. The home secretary is able to boast that stabbings in London have
fallen by a third since 2012 and shootings by 40 per cent despite a crackdown on
"no suspicion" use of police stop and search powers on her watch.

Total crime in the capital is edging up, however, and the lessons from the
States are timely: law enforcement and especially the use of stop and search
must be colour blind and seen to be colour blind - but concern for appearances
is never an excuse for a retreat from proactive policing.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Law and Disorder;
A surge in crime in American cities is a worrying precedent for Britain

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION; LEADING ARTICLES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 573 words


The time of year is approaching when every flight to the United States feels
full of visitors departing on what they hope will be the trip of a lifetime. For
the first time in recent memory many will land in cities in the grip of a sharp
increase in violent crime. In most cases the increase follows a long decline
that seemed to have confined the American urban homicide epidemic to history and
Netflix. That optimism has been cruelly exposed, and the most plausible reason
is the most obvious. After a spate of police killings of unarmed black men that
prompted furious rioting from Missouri to Maryland, police backed off.

The worst of the rioting took place last summer in Ferguson, a suburb of St
Louis, and the new reluctance of police to patrol proactively in tense city
neighbourhoods has become known as the Ferguson effect. It should not be allowed
to obscure the root cause of the tension. There is no doubt that in cities
across America mainly white police forces have disproportionately targeted young
black men under US equivalents of Britain's stop and search laws. Yet there is
not much doubt either that no-go areas are returning to America's cities and
could appear in Britain's if important lessons are not heeded.

Before the mayoralty of Rudolph Giuliani, who took office in 1994, New Yorkers
observed an unwritten rule not to enter Central Park after dark. Whole
neighbourhoods were considered off-limits to the timorous middle class, as to
the masters of the universe caricatured in Tom Wolfe's The Bonfire of the
Vanities. Since then the city has been transformed. Mr Giuliani and his police
commissioner, Bill Bratton, enforced a "zero-tolerance" approach to minor crime
that involved the routine use of "stop and frisk" powers and helped to drive
down crime three times faster than the national average.

Overall, crime in America peaked around 1990 and has been declining ever since.
The latest figures for violent crime in key cities are all the more startling
given this context. Last month was Baltimore's worst for gun crime in 15 years.
For the year to date, shootings and other violent crime are up 25 per cent in
Los Angeles. For Chicago the figure is 24 per cent and for St Louis 39. The
murder rate in Milwaukee is up an alarming 180 per cent year-on-year, and in one
Harlem precinct in New York it has risen fivefold. Police chiefs across the
country attribute these spikes to a retreat by frontline officers in the face of
a wave of public hostility - a wave that one estimated would take five years to
subside.

Urban America cannot wait five years for its police forces to reach a new
accommodation with its citizenry. Nor can Britain afford to let violent crime
spiral upwards as it has in the United States. Overall crime peaked here five
years later than in the US. Since then we have enjoyed a similar broad downward
trend, with the added reassurance that comes with some of the world's toughest
gun laws. The home secretary is able to boast that stabbings in London have
fallen by a third since 2012 and shootings by 40 per cent despite a crackdown on
"no suspicion" use of police stop and search powers on her watch.

Total crime in the capital is edging up, however, and the lessons from the
States are timely: law enforcement and especially the use of stop and search
must be colour blind and seen to be colour blind - but concern for appearances
is never an excuse for a retreat from proactive policing.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2014 Saturday

FBI statistics show property, overall violent crimes fall in Fayetteville

BYLINE: Nathan Hardin, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


June 21--Property and violent crime rates in Fayetteville dipped during the
first half of last year, according to preliminary figures from the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

Fayetteville's property crime rates dropped from the fifth highest in the U.S.
among 269 cities with at least 100,000 residents at the start of 2012 to the
20th highest last year.

The decrease was due in large part to the city's burglary rate, which fell 18
percent in the first six months of 2013. Because of that, Fayetteville's ranking
fell from from sixth highest in the U.S. in 2012 to 13th highest in 2013. The
burglary rate is a category of the city's property crime rate.

The FBI figures are compiled from the first six months of 2013 from local law
enforcement agencies.

Despite modest upticks in murder and rape figures, Fayetteville saw a 13 percent
decrease in the overall number of reported violent crimes, according to the FBI
figures.

There were 42 fewer reported cases of violent crime in the city in 2013 -- with
all of them coming from aggravated assaults, a category of violent crime.

The early 2013 figures roughly follow the tenure of Fayetteville Police Chief
Harold Medlock, who took the helm in February 2013. Before coming to
Fayetteville, Medlock oversaw security planning for the 2012 Democratic National
Convention as a deputy police chief of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police
Department.

Fayetteville Mayor Nat Robertson said Medlock has implemented several changes --
including the restructuring of the department in June 2013 -- since taking over
the Police Department.

"Certainly, the chief and his men have done an outstanding job with the
resources they have," Robertson said in a phone interview Friday.

Medlock was unavailable for comment Friday.

Robertson praised Medlock's vision for community policing -- a resident-oriented
approach that Medlock brought with him from Charlotte. The police philosophy
aims to build relationships between officers and residents, leading to better
communication and trust.

"(The officers) know the people, and the people know them," Robertson said.

The number of reported burglaries in Fayetteville dropped 376, from 2,027 in
2012 to 1,651 in 2013.

Despite a bump in reported larcenies -- from 3,991 in 2012 to 4,006 in 2013 --
the larceny rate in the city from from eighth highest in the U.S. to 21st
highest.

Still, Fayetteville remained the worst-ranked city for property crimes in North
Carolina, the figures showed.

Based on the violent crime rate, Fayetteville was in the middle of the pack.
Durham, Charlotte, Wilmington and Winston-Salem ranked worse than Fayetteville,
while Greensboro, High Point, Raleigh and Cary ranked better.

Robertson said new initiatives, such as putting surveillance cameras downtown,
are promising for continued improvement.

Early numbers from Medlock this year, he added, appeared positive.

"We're keeping our eye on the goal of making Fayetteville a better place to
live, work and play," he said.

Staff writer Nathan Hardin can be reached at hardinn@fayobserver.com or
486-3509.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140621-FY-FBI-statistics-show-property-overall-violent-crimes
-fall-in-Fayetteville-0621-20140621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            January 8, 2008 Tuesday

MURDER AND VIOLENCE;
Pursue the clues

SECTION: Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 443 words


D uval County begins the new year with some jarring news.

The city's unofficial murder total for 2007 tallied 123. That is 13 more than
last year and the most in the city since the 125 murders of 1993.

As 140-plus movers and shakers assembled by Mayor John Peyton look for immediate
ways to reverse those numbers in the coming years, they can look outside
Jacksonville for good news, encouragement and clues for success.

Los Angeles, New York and Chicago are among the cities that are seeing murder
rates plummet to the lowest levels in decades, according to news reports.

In New York, for instance, The Associated Press reported recently that the city
was on track to have the lowest number of killings since reliable-record keeping
began in 1963.

A key reason crime dropped: Computerized tracking of crime trends and flooding
high-crime areas with police officers rather than scattering them evenly
throughout the city, the story noted.

In Chicago, authorities point to efforts to target guns, drugs and gangs as a
difference maker.

Peyton's new Jacksonville Journey initiative to reduce murder and violence
includes a subcommittee tasked at looking at the criminal justice system and the
adjustments that can be made to offset crime now.

Part of the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office strategy of tackling crime involves
evaluating the latest crime statistics and making adjustments based on that
information.

But are those adjustments made frequently and quickly enough for maximum impact?

Can they be altered to produce more of the positive results found elsewhere?

Can more be done to position and use resources better rather than just spending
more money on additional police?

An objective look by criminal justice experts at the Jacksonville Sheriff's
Office approach to using its resources in high-crime areas would be a worthwhile
place for that group to focus attention.

The best-case scenario on prevention is to snuff out the factors that lead to
murder and violence so police never need to be called. But police also play an
important role in prevention, particularly when it comes to disrupting crime
patterns.

If targeted policing is making such a difference in cities with far more crime
than Jacksonville, then it stands to reason some version of this strategy could
stymie more of the violence here.

FAST FACTS

MURDER, HOMICIDE

Murder and homicide often are used interchangeably. Some distinctions:

- Homicide is the legal term for any killing.

- Murder is malicious, premeditated homicide. It would not include justifiable
homicide or negligent manslaughter.

- So there will almost always be more homicides in a city than murders.

Source: Associated Press Stylebook

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 14, 2004, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

FBI: Murder rate fell during first half of '04

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 316 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- The number of murders across the nation dropped by nearly 6%
during the first half of 2004 compared with the same period last year, the FBI
said Monday, a decline that could signal the largest drop in slayings since
1999.

Among the four major types of violent crimes -- murder, rape, robbery and
aggravated assault -- only the number of reported rapes was up this year, the
FBI reported. Overall, violent crime fell 2%, continuing a trend of historically
low crime rates that began a decade ago.


It was unclear why the number of murders -- which had ticked upward during the
previous three years -- fell this year. A resurgence of gangs and illegal drug
sales had increased the number of violent crimes in several cities in recent
years, and a faltering economy combined with tight police budgets had led to
predictions that the number of murders would continue to inch upward.

"I expected we would see crime rise during the past few years," said Alfred
Blumstein, a professor at Carnegie Mellon University who studies crime. "The
economy was off, police officers were being diverted to anti-terrorism duties
and social services were being cut."

The FBI's report suggests that significant declines in murders in a few cities
-- including Chicago, Atlanta, New York, New Orleans and Phoenix -- helped to
drive down the national figures. Chicago, for example, had 215 homicides in the
first half of this year, compared with 287 in the same period in 2003 -- a 25%
drop.

Chicago police spokesman Patrick Camden said he could not cite a specific reason
for the decline. But he said that police have cracked down on gangs and have
been more aggressive in seizing guns. Police also have put cameras in areas
where drug trafficking has been rampant, he said, and officers have been sent to
areas where gang members have clashed to try to prevent retaliatory killings.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: FBI (BAR GRAPH); Crime's
downward trend continues (graphic)

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                October 14, 2004

BRITISH LAW HAS SOLD US OUT TO THE ARMED CRIMINALS

SECTION: U.K. 1st Edition; LETTERS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 166 words


WELL said, Roger Taylor! (Letters, October 12). I recall a fortnight I spent in
southern Texas four years ago, when, believe it or not, I felt safer in downtown
San Antonio than I sometimes do in Milton Keynes.

This, it should be noted, is where it is not merely legal to own a handgun but
even (after a course of training) to carry one concealed.

Whether this can be safely reproduced in Britain, however, is debatable, since
we differ from the USA and Texas in particular in many w ays. One of these is
that in Texas they still have the death penalty for murder and they are not
afraid to use it; we pensioned off the hangman in 1965, and see how the murder
rate has gone up.

It is more important to take away the criminals' guns first before even
considering taking them away from the population in general. In kowtowing to the
bleeding hearts in the w ake of Hungerford and Dunblane the Government has, in
effect, sold us out to the armed criminal.

Barry Gowland, By e-mail

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2004 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 17, 2003, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

FBI reports small drop in crime rates

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Crime rates dropped slightly last year in the USA despite
increases in murder, rape and burglary, according to a preliminary FBI report
made public Monday.

The largest increases in violent crime occurred in the suburbs, where murder was
up 12.4% and rape increased by nearly 7%.

Crime analysts suggested that the sagging economy could be the reason for the
spike in suburban violence. But they cautioned that the spotty demographic and
regional differences may simply indicate an adjustment in the usual cycle of
crime that saw declines in all categories of major offenses during the past
decade. The FBI report is based on numbers provided by police agencies across
the country.


"The economy always makes a difference," said Jeremy Travis, a senior fellow at
the Urban Institute and a former director of the National Institute of Justice.
"But we don't yet have a single explanatory variable to help us identify a
national trend or understand the volatility of the local rates."

What is clear, Travis and others said, is that the sharp declines in crime
starting in the mid-1990s appear over.

Before then, drug wars associated with the spread of crack cocaine explained the
skyrocketing violence throughout the country. The federal government answered
with the largest federally funded buildup of local police departments in U.S.
history.

But not easily explained is why murder was up in Atlanta, Cincinnati and Los
Angeles in 2002 and down in Fort Worth, Houston and Kansas City, analysts say.

Joseph McNamara, a former police chief and now a research fellow at the Hoover
Institution in California, said authorities may have to look harder at such
things as crime reporting methods by police agencies and population shifts to
explain why the American West accounts for the largest increase in murder.

The West recorded a 5% increase in its murder rate in 2002; New York City
continued to report a substantial decline -- slightly more than 10%.

McNamara suggested that regional differences could be attributed to any one or a
combination of variables, from the state of the economy to an increase in drug-
and gang-related crime.

Los Angeles police Sgt. John Pasquariello said a resurgence of gang activity was
a major factor for the 2002 increase in murder, from 588 in 2001 to 654 last
year. Roughly half of the city's homicides in 2002 were blamed on gang activity,
combined with an ongoing economic slump, an exodus of felons from prison and a
lack of public programs for juveniles.

This year, Pasquariello said, the numbers are telling a different story. So far
in 2003, murders are down 20% compared with the same time last year. Rape is
down nearly 7%, and robbery has declined slightly.

"If you only look at 2002, the picture can be a little deceptive," Pasquariello
said. "Our trend is starting downward, but talk to me in three months."

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

But reports of rape rise

Overall violent crime dropped 1.4% in 2002, according to preliminary reports. By
region:

Northeast

Murder: -4.8%

Rape: 6.2%

Violent crime (includes murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault): -2.8%

Midwest

Murder: -2.8%

Rape: 5.1%

Violent crime: -1.2%

South

Murder: 2.1%

Rape: 1.9%

Violent crime: -1.3%

West

Murder: 5.2%

Rape: 4.7%

Violent crime: -0.6%

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Quin Tian, USA TODAY, Source: Uniform Crime Reports,
2002 preliminary data (BAR GRAPH, page 1A)

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 3, 1997, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Tampa ranks 4th for crime, says FBI

BYLINE: STEPHEN HEGARTY

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 791 words



The crime increase in Tampa was slight last year, but it was enough to vault
the city past Miami to rank fourth as one of the nation's most crime-ridden
cities, according to 1996 crime statistics just released by the FBI.

Fort Lauderdale had the dubious honor of being Florida's worst city for  crime.
Nationally, Fort Lauderdale's crime rate was second only to Atlanta's.

Two other Florida cities - Orlando and Miami - also made it into the top 10  of
the nation's worst cities for the major crimes tracked by the FBI. All that  in
a year in which Florida's crime rate reportedly decreased.

"Some individual cities had some increases, but overall it was good news  for
Florida," said Mandy Wettstein, spokeswoman for the Florida Department of  Law
Enforcement.

Each year the release of the crime statistics and the various analyses that
follow touch off a debate about what the numbers mean and how reliable those
numbers are.

In Tampa, the increase in crime followed several years of decreases in most
categories. So Tampa looks like one of the nation's worst cities for crime -
worse than New York, Los Angeles, Miami - when in fact the city's crime is
lower than it was four years ago.

"When you look at it over time, it actually looks pretty good," said  Tampa
Police spokesman Steve Cole. "There was a slight increase, but no one  expected
the numbers to go down forever. Look at it compared to three or four  years
ago."

That comparison over time shows, for instance, that Tampa's 2,671 robberies  in
1996 weremore than the 2,626 reported in 1995. But that number was still  fewer
than the 3,378 robberies reported in 1994 and the 2,965 in 1993.

Other Tampa Bay area cities included in the study remained outside of the  top
20, even the top 40. St. Petersburg experienced a rise in crime last year,  and
weighed in at number 47 nationally. Clearwater also experienced an  increase and
came in at number 100 nationally, according to an analysis of the  FBI's crime
data done by the organization Number Crunchers Precision  Journalism.

The analysis looked at cities with populations of 100,000 or more, and St.
Petersburg Police Chief Darrel Stephens pointed out that the city's increase
was in property crime. Violent crime actually decreased. Murders, rapes,
robberies and aggravated assaults all were down in 1996, according to the FBI
data. But the city experienced increases in burglaries, thefts, car thefts and
arsons.

Much of the dramatic increase in arsons (132 in 1995 to 252 in 1996) could  be
attributed to the fires that occurred on the two nights of violence related  to
the police shooting of a black motorist in October.

Nationally, the violent crime rate dropped 7 percent in 1996, the FBI said.  The
numbers are reported to the FBI by state and local police agencies.

In Fort Lauderdale, Mayor Jim Naugle said his city's ranking is a result of  a
rise in auto thefts by teens and that the statistics are skewed against the
tourist destination.

"I don't say it as a denial, that we don't have some serious crime  problems
that need to be addressed," he said. "Our goal is to be last on the  list."

But Naugle said the FBI bases its ranking on crimes per 100,000 residents,  and
that makes it unfair because the city has 6 million tourists a year and  serves
as a downtown business area for all of Broward County.

"In any big city in America you should be concerned," Naugle said. "But  the
statistics are misleading."

Some crime statisticians agree. James Alan Fox is a nationally recognized
expert on crime statistics and the dean of the College of Criminal Justice at
Northeastern University in Boston.

"Florida's crime rate would tend to be overstated," Fox said. "When
non-residents, or those that only live there part of the year, are visiting  and
are victimized, they are counted in the crime rate but not in the (number)  of
people who live there."

Fox said this is true of most cities with high tourist traffic. "Don't  tell
people to move and not visit Fort Lauderdale, because the crime rate in  Florida
is misleadingly high," he said.

Fox said the same phenomenon is responsible for the No. 1 ranking of  Atlanta,
which hosted millions of people for the 1996 Olympics.

- Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.

The top crime cities

1. Atlanta

2. Fort Lauderdale

3. St. Louis

4. Tampa

5. Baton Rouge

6. Miami

7. Orlando

8. Newark, N.J.

9. Topeka, Kansas

10. New Haven, Conn.

39. Tallahassee

47. St. Petersburg

64. Jacksonville

100. Clearwater

Source: Compiled from FBI data

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE DRAWING; COLOR DRAWING; A fleeing thief (ran CITY &
STATE); A fleeing thief (ran METRO & STATE, TAMPA & STATE)

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 11, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

COG Statistics Show Rise in N.Va. Crime; Increase Comes Despite National Drop

Leef Smith, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKLY - VIRGINIA; Pg. V01

LENGTH: 711 words


Crime increased 3.6 percent last year in Northern Virginia despite a 2 percent
dip in the national crime rate, according to an annual report on crime in the
Washington area.

The report, prepared by the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments,
showed that major felonies -- homicide, rape, robbery, aggravated assault,
burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft -- rose even faster, by almost 5
percent, in the Washington area. That increase was driven by a 6.7 percent jump
in the District and a 4.7 percent rise in the Maryland suburbs.

"In one year's time, we experienced a big swing," said Joe Zelinka, public
safety program coordinator for COG. "Was it a fluke? Everyone keeps asking why.
We don't know."

Loudoun County experienced the fastest increase in Northern Virginia -- 15.2
percent -- followed by Arlington County with an 8.5 percent rise. Northern
Virginia's largest jurisdiction, Fairfax County, experienced a 4.1 percent jump.
Prince William County crime was up 2.4 percent, and Alexandria experienced 1.4
percent rise.

In contrast with the general increase, crime in several smaller Virginia
jurisdictions fell. In the region, Falls Church had the greatest percentage
decrease in serious crimes, down 29.5 percent last year from a recorded 725
incidents in 1994. Fairfax City followed with an 11.3 percent decrease.

The region, as COG defines it, is bordered in the north by Frederick County,
Md., and in the south by Prince William. It includes the area from western
Loudoun to eastern Prince George's County. The cities of Manassas and Manassas
Park are not part of COG.

Within those boundaries, the largest increase in serious crimes occurred in
motor vehicle theft, which jumped 15.6 percent in the Washington area, from
25,400 incidents in 1994 to 29,368 in 1995.

"The chances of your car being stolen during this meeting are fairly high,"
Takoma Park police Chief Robert Phillips quipped as he revealed the crime report
last month on behalf of COG's police chief's committee.

Motor vehicle theft increased 35 percent in Alexandria, 25 percent in Arlington
County, 6 percent in Fairfax County, 23 percent in the District and 15 percent
in Prince George's County.

The greatest decrease noted by the report was in homicides, which were down 8.8
percent in the Washington area from 615 slayings in 1994 to 561 slayings last
year.

"The homicide rate is the only good indicator we have" in the report, Zelinka
said. In Northern Virginia, the homicide rate remained unchanged; 45 slayings
were reported in 1994 and in 1995.

Assaults rose 9.5 percent last year in Northern Virginia even though they
decreased 3.5 percent in the region as a whole.

At the same time, rapes decreased 12 percent in Northern Virginia last year,
dropping from 280 to 246 reported incidents. According to the report, larceny
was the most frequently committed crime, constituting 59.7 percent of all
serious crimes in the region. The report also showed that drunken driving
arrests decreased 3.6 percent, from 17,159 incidents in 1994 to 16,536 in 1995.

Also, the report showed that arrests for drug sale and manufacture fell 34
percent to 4,442 incidents.

Last year marked the first time COG collected statistics on juvenile arrests.
Overall, the report showed that juveniles were arrested for 8,065 serious crimes
in the Washington area, including 55 arrests for homicide. Of those arrests,
1,922 were made in connection with violent crimes, and 6,143 were for nonviolent
crimes.

In Prince William, the number of juveniles arrested for violent crimes nearly
doubled in 1995, jumping from 49 arrests in 1994 to 93 arrests last year.

"It's an issue that we continue to be concerned about," said Prince William
County police Chief Charlie T. Deane. "It's difficult for us to pinpoint the
reason for this kind of fluctuation."

Juvenile crime also increased in Fairfax. Drug arrests soared 60 percent,
according to the report, while other crimes committed by juveniles, such as
burglary and assault, increased 14 percent across the county.

Other data categories new to this year's report showed that there were 733
carjackings, 310 hate crimes and 13,081 domestic assaults reported during 1995
in the Washington region.


LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, WASHINGTON AREA CRIME STATISTICS: NUMBER OF CRIMES IN 1994 AND
1995 AND PERCENTAGE CHANGE CRIMES AGAINST PEOPLE 1994 1995 CHANGE HOMICIDE
Northern Virginia 45 45 0.0% District of Columbia 399 360 -9.8% Maryland suburbs
167 154 -7.8% RAPE Northern Virginia 280 246 -12.1% District of Columbia 249 292
17.3% Maryland suburbs 607 619 2.0% ROBBERY Northern Virginia 1,288 1,320 2.5%
District of Columbia 6,311 6,864 8.8% Maryland suburbs 4,628 5,131 10.9% ASSAULT
Northern Virginia 1,777 1,946 9.5% District of Columbia 8,218 7,228 -12.0%
Maryland suburbs 5,207 5,536 6.3% CRIMES AGAINST PROPERTY 1994 1995 CHANGE
BURGLARY Northern Virginia 5,870 6,099 3.9% District of Columbia 10,037 10,184
1.5% Maryland suburbs 14,414 14,350 -0.4% LARCENY Northern Virginia 43,802
44,733 2.1% District of Columbia 29,673 32,281 8.8% Maryland suburbs 50,379
52,457 4.1% MOTOR VEHICLE THEFT Northern Virginia 4,807 5,538 15.2% District of
Columbia 8,257 10,192 23.4% Maryland suburbs 12,227 13,530 10.7% NOTE: Northern
Virginia includes Alexandria, Arlington, Fairfax County, Fairfax City, Falls
Church, Loudoun County, Prince William County and Fauquier County.  Suburban
Maryland includes Montgomery County, Prince George's County, Frederick County,
City of Frederick, Gaithersburg, Greenbelt, Takoma Park and Rockville.  SOURCE:
Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 12, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

Violent Crime Down by 11%;
Burglary, Theft in County Show Rise Through First 9 Months of Year

Graciela Sevilla, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: MARYLAND WEEKLY (MONTGOMERY); PAGE M2

LENGTH: 349 words


Violent crime in Howard County decreased by 11 percent during the first nine
months of this year compared with the same period last year, Police Chief James
N. Robey reported.

Despite several highly publicized slayings this year, the number of homicides,
rapes, robberies and assaults totaled 195 fewer incidents, according to the
annual third-quarter crime summary.

At the same time, slight increases were recorded in property crimes -- burglary,
theft and vehicle theft, which rose by 2 percent -- and lesser crimes involving
vandalism, fraud, drug offenses and disorderly conduct.

Forced-entry burglary was one crime category that registered a significant
increase. Those burglaries rose by 10.4 percent, from 763 incidents through the
third quarter of last year to 842 this year.

Police have attributed the increase in burglaries in part to three suspects, two
of them acting as a team. The suspects, who were arrested in August, have been
linked to a series of 75 break-ins. Police said the rash of burglaries has
ceased since the arrests.

Lt. Dan Davis said Howard County has a relatively low level of crime compared
with neighboring counties such as Montgomery and Prince George's. "One burglar
or one robber can make a big difference" in boosting the county's crime
statistics, he noted.

The crime report also showed that there were 55 robberies at gunpoint during the
first nine months of the year, up by eight from the same time last year.

"We've had a number of gas station holdups" and armed robberies of fast-food
outlets, Davis said.

The third quarter also included two homicides in Howard County, the Sept. 8
carjacking death of Pam Basu and the fatal shooting of an Alexandria man,
Lincoln Cyril Hosten, 23, whose body was found Sept. 3 near the
Baltimore-Washington Industrial Park.

The two suspects in the Basu case, Rodney Eugene Solomon, 26, and Bernard Eric
Miller, 16, both of the District, are awaiting trial.

The report showed that serious offenses -- the combination of violent crimes and
burglary, theft and vehicle theft -- decreased by 1 percent.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: CHART, HOWARD COUNTY CRIME SUMMARY, TWP

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 6, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

Stephen Turnham

SECTION: VIRGINIA WEEKLY; PAGE V6; NEIGHBORS

LENGTH: 359 words


A March in Memory Of Crime Victims

The Leesburg Crime Prevention Council planned to hold a candlelight march
Tuesday evening to remember victims of violent crime.

After a 15-minute prayer vigil, the marchers were to leave Cherry Lane in the
Carrvale subdivision for the Leesburg Plaza shopping center.

It was near Carrvale that Leesburg resident Michael Whetsell, 55, was fatally
shot June 18 while driving his car along Edwards Ferry Road. He was hit by a
single shot, apparently fired from a handgun. Police have no suspects in what
they believe was a random shooting. Whetsell was a maintenance man in an office
building.

Irene Wodell, director of the county Victim Witness Office; Doug Taylor, a
Leesburg police community relations officer; and McGruff the Crime Dog were
scheduled to be among the marchers.


Bluegrass at Courthouse

The Johnson Mountain Boys are scheduled to perform Sunday on the steps of the
county courthouse in downtown Leesburg.

The band plays 1940s and '50s bluegrass classics and its own compositions. It
has performed at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville and Lincoln Center in New York.

Sunday's concert is the seventh in a series of 10 organized by the
Leesburg-based Bluemont Concert Series. The concert will start at 7 p.m. at the
courthouse, at Market and King streets. Admission is $ 3 a person. Concertgoers
are encouraged to bring a blanket or lawn chairs and a picnic.

The Johnson Mountain Boys are scheduled to perform all weekend at local nursing
homes and hospitals as part of the series' community benefit program.


Dedication of New Park

The county's newest park, Keep Loudoun Beautiful Park, was to be dedicated
yesterday.

Board of Supervisors Chairman George Barton (R-At Large), state Sen. Charles L.
Waddell (D-Loudoun) and Bill Harrison, president of Keep Loudoun Beautiful, a
volunteer group working to clean up and preserve open spaces, were scheduled to
attend.

The late Marguerite Cornwell Joseph, former chairwoman of the Goose Creek Scenic
River Advisory Committee, was to be honored with a plaque in her name at the
3.43-acre park, which is next to Goose Creek on Route 7.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      April 9, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Atlanta: USA's most dangerous city;
City links rating to drugs

BYLINE: Tom Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 542 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Michael Jones, a member of Brothers Against Drugs, knows firsthand why new FBI
figures show Atlanta has the worst crime rate of any major U.S. city.

Trying to film an anti-drug videotape a week ago Sunday at a city housing
project, Jones and other members of his activist group say they were met by drug
dealers who taunted: ''This is our territory, you're not gonna stop us.''

Suddenly, Jones was shot.

''Less than an inch either way and I'd be dead,'' says Jones, 25, whose
collarbone deflected the bullet.

Undaunted, he went back to the shooting scene this past weekend - with a police
escort - and finished taping.

The shooting, Jones says, is a blatant example of the spiraling drug problem
that officials and others in this boom town blame for their crime woes.

According to preliminary figures from the FBI's 1989 Uniform Crime Statistics,
released Sunday, Atlanta:

- Ranks first in the USA for overall crime with a rate of 207 per 1,000 people.

- Ranks first for violent crimes (murders, rapes, aggravated assaults and
robberies), with a rate of 40 crimes per 1,000 people.

- Ranks second in rapes, with 1.62 per 1,000.

- Ranks third in murders, behind Washington and Detroit, with a rate of .58 per
1,000.

''Drugs fuel a very high percentage of the crimes committed,'' ...says Angelo
Fuster, spokesman for Mayor Maynard Jackson. In the three months Jackson has
been in office, he has tried to control crime by:

- Dismantling the city's public safety department and forming autonomous police
and fire bureaus in an effort to become more efficient.

- Outfitting police with semiautomatic weapons and authorizing the placement of
shotguns in police cars.

- Pledging to hire 500 new officers over the next two years, and experimenting
with heavy police patrols in crime-ridden public housing projects.

City Councilman Bill Campbell says the mayor's efforts come too late. The
previous administration, he says, saw the ''pyrotechnic rise'' in drugs coming,
but failed to act fast enough.

The new FBI crime figures come on the heels of Georgia Bureau of Investigation
statistics that show crime in the state up 13 percent, the highest jump in five
years.

In Atlanta, the biggest rise is in property crimes - burglary, larceny and auto
theft. John Bankhead of the GBI says that's a clear sign of the impact of
escalating drug activity.

The rise in crime also coincides with Atlanta's steady growth, fueled by a
healthy economy, says former mayor Sam Massell.

''As Atlanta gains international prominence and becomes more attractive to
business and leisure people, it also becomes attractive to criminals,'' says
Massell, civic association president on the affluent north side.

Roy Vance, chairman of a citizens' advisory group in the southeast, says the
mayor's anti-crime efforts will work only in the short term. He wants the
judicial system to focus more on drug rehabilitation.

Margie Smith, tenant association president in Techwood Homes, a downtown housing
project, says cooperation is the real answer. ''I'd love to see this area
cleaned up, but it's going to take everybody to sit down and come up with a
solution together. This is an Atlanta problem and we're going to have to solve
it as citizens of Atlanta.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, AP (Sam Massell); PHOTO; b/w, Tom Reed, AP (Michael Jones);
PHOTO; b/w, Tom Reed, AP (Bill Campbell)

CUTLINE: MASSELL: Says city's 'international prominence' a factor CUTLINE: DRUG
WARRIOR: Michael Jones, in front of Atlanta's McDaniel Glenn Homes project,
works for Brothers Against Drugs. The 150-member group's goals: to educate young
people and take back communities from drug dealers, who Jones calls 'urban
terrorists.' CUTLINE: CAMPBELL: City councilman says previous administration
failed to stop 'major tidal wave' of drugs invading the city.

Accompanying story; State-by-state look at increase in crime

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 5, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Serious Crime Is Still Declining, But Fears Remain, F.B.I. Reports

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 14;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 4


Even as public worries about crime remain high, the number of serious crimes
reported to law-enforcement agencies across the nation fell 3 percent in the
first half of this year, the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced today.

Reports of serious crime have fallen steadily since 1992. The nation's homicide
rate fell by 2 percent in the first half of this year, after rising 3.2 percent
last year.

A separate F.B.I. report released today included possible explanations for the
public's fears, particularly about murder. The victims of homicides are
increasingly likely to be young, and fewer cases are being solved, the study
found.

The report said that a declining percentage of murder victims were clearly
killed by family members or people with whom they were romantically involved.
But because the relationship between the killer and the victim could not be
determined in about 40 percent of the cases, the figures on romantic and family
killings may not be representative of national trends in actual killings.

Some experts have long criticized the F.B.I. figures because many crimes are not
reported to the police. A report by the Justice Department in October, based on
interviews with 100,000 Americans, found that violent crime was rising and that
more than half of the crimes were not reported to law-enforcement agencies.

The city with the worst homicide rate, according to the report, was Gary, Ind.,
with 89.1 homicides for every 100,000 residents. New Orleans was second with a
rate of 80.3, and Washington was third with a rate of 78.5. Two cities in the
New York area ranked among the 25 American cities with the highest homicide
rates. The cities were Bridgeport, Conn., which ranked 11th with a rate of 43.8,
and Newark, which ranked 17th with a rate of 35.6. New York, at 26.4, was not
among the 25.

The biggest drops in crime during the first half of this year occurred for rapes
and burglaries, which each fell 6 percent. The number of robberies, aggravated
assaults and thefts also declined, the F.B.I. said. No category of serious crime
increased, but the number of cases of arson was virtually unchanged.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphs: "THE DETAILS: Revealing Murder's Changing Face" shows victims
of any age killed by a member of a juvenile gang from 1980 to 1992, people
charged with murder who were younger than 18 from 1970 to 1992 and homocides in
which a suspect was arrested from 1965 to 1992. (Source: F.B.I.)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 6, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Mayors in Florida Demand More State Help on Crime

BYLINE: By LARRY ROHTER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 955 words

DATELINE: JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 5


Alarmed at what they described as the "explosive growth" of violent crime
throughout Florida and the damage to the state's reputation, mayors and police
chiefs from six of Florida's seven largest cities met here today for a "safe
city summit" and called on the state government to mete out harsher punishment
to habitual criminals.

"We have reached a point of exhaustion," said Mayor Ed Austin of Jacksonville,
the host of the one-day conference that was also attended by officials from Fort
Lauderdale, Miami, Orlando, St. Petersburg and Tampa.

Speaking for the group, Mr. Austin demanded that the state increase its prison
capacity by at least 50 percent. Failure to do so, he said, would mean that "we
are aiding and abetting criminals."

Plan for Legislature

The meeting came after a recent series of widely publicized crimes, especially
against visitors, that have given Florida an image of danger and lawlessness. In
little more than a year, the state has been shaken by sniper attacks on
motorists in Jacksonville, the racially motivated burning of a black tourist
outside Tampa and the killings of 10 foreign tourists in locations as far apart
as South Florida and the Panhandle.

At the end of today's session, the officials drew up a joint resolution to take
to the Legislature. It said construction of 25,000 new prison beds would prevent
criminals from being released early to ease prison crowding, which has become a
severe problem here. It said the cost would be a maximum of $375 million but did
not address where the money was to come from. Mayor Austin suggested shifting
monies in the existing budget and said taxpayers would gladly pay extra if they
knew the money was going to build prisons.

The resolution also called for legislation to "grant a broader range of
sentencing discretion" to juvenile-court judges and to eliminate all sentencing
guidelines for adult offenses, with the result that sentences over all would be
tougher.

"We can't be bluffing," said Mr. Austin, a former prosecutor. "We are now
bluffing. We have got to have enough prison and juvenile beds to return
integrity to the criminal justice system" and convince habitual offenders that
they will indeed be punished for crimes they commit.

Promise of Lobbying

The Legislature met in November for a special session that was devoted in large
part to the crime problem, especially among juveniles, but lawmakers made little
headway in their discussions of constitutionality, cost and efficiency. The
Legislature's regular session is scheduled to begin next month, with many of the
same issues expected to dominate the agenda.

"We're personally going to attend the session of the Legislature" to push the
package agreed upon today, Mayor Steve Clark of Miami said. The mayors will be
able to exert more influence on lawmakers and hold them accountable to voters,
Mr. Clark said, because they are, for the first time, united on how to fight
crime.

Although mayors in Florida meet periodically to discuss common problems, the
conference today was the first time officials of largest cities have gathered
solely to discuss crime. Their joint initiative is also unusual by national
standards, even though city officials in states as far afield as Massachusetts
and California have made tentative efforts to speak collectively to their state
legislatures.

Though national crime statistics for 1993 are not yet available, Florida has in
recent years had the highest crime rate of the 50 states. In addition, according
to 1992 statistics of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Dade County, which
includes Miami, had the highest crime rate among all metropolitan areas
nationwide of more than 500,000 people, with a total of 12,336 serious crimes
per 100,000 residents, more than twice the national average.

Two other counties immediately north of Dade, Broward and Palm Beach, also rank
in the top 10 of serious crimes in urban areas. New York City is 10th, with a
crime rate of 8,491 serious crimes per 100,000 people.

'Bleeding to Death'

"When you have a state that leads the country in crime rates, you're
hemorrhaging," Mayor David Fischer of St. Petersburg said in explaining the
stimulus for today's meeting. "When you're bleeding to death, you have to put a
tourniquet on it, and that's what we're doing today."

The mayors openly acknowledged that another reason for their meeting was the
need to fight the public relations disaster their state has suffered as a result
of its high crime rate. Both in this country and abroad, magazine, television
and newspaper reports have portrayed Florida as "a state of fear," even though
the number of visitors slightly increased in 1993.

"We're in the business of image management for our cities and our state," said
Mayor Glenda Hood of Orlando, which brags that it is the world's most popular
tourist destination. "There's a perception problem that's become reality."

Mayor Austin of Jacksonville added that Florida's economic well-being depended
on its ability to be seen as "a good place to come to and visit and trade with."
And, he added, "you can't do that if you are a crime center."

                             --------------------


Fighting Crime in California

SACRAMENTO, Calif. Jan. 5 (AP) -- In his annual address to a joint session of
the State Legislature, Gov. Pete Wilson today proposed several anti-crime
measures, including a $2 billion bond issue to build six new state prisons.

Mr. Wilson, a Republican, also requested mandatory life sentences for rapists,
child molesters, arsonists and felons caught with a gun. In addition, he
proposed doubling prison terms for two-time felons and putting three-time felons
behind bars for life.


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                RedEye, Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

How Chicago's high murder rate is skewing nationwide crime data

BYLINE: Rianne Coale, RedEye, Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 326 words


Dec. 20--Violence in Chicago has been unrelenting throughout the year, with the
number of murders and shootings far surpassing those in 2015. And although
Chicago is only one of many major U.S. cities seeing an increase in homicides,
the sheer number of killings here is having a large impact on murder rates
nationwide.

For the country's 30 largest cities, the murder rate is expected to go up by 14
percent this year, according to a report released Tuesday by the Brennan Center
for Justice, a New York-based law and policy institute. And Chicago is projected
to account for 43.7 percent of that increase, nearly half of the total spike in
homicides.

In 2015, Baltimore, Chicago and Washington, D.C. accounted for more than half of
the total increase in murders in the country's biggest cities, according to the
Brennan Center. But this year, while the killings have declined in two of those
places, Chicago continues to see its homicides rise.

"An increase in the murder rate is occurring in some cities even while other
forms of crime remain relatively low," the Brennan Center reported. "Concerns
about a national crime wave are still premature, but these trends suggest a need
to understand how and why murder is increasing in some cities."

The report shows that the overall crime rate in the 30 largest cities is
projected to rise by 0.3 percent this year, meaning crime rates will remain near
historic lows. Meanwhile, the violent crime rate is projected to go up by 3.3
percent, driven by violent crime increases in Chicago (17.7 percent) and
Charlotte, N.C. (13.4 percent).

This recent analysis is an update on a similar report that the Brennan Center
released earlier this year, in which it analyzed crime data from the 30 largest
cities in the U.S.

For more, check out the Tribune's report.

@RianneCoale -- rcoale@redeyechicago.com

___ (c)2016 RedEye (Chicago) Visit RedEye (Chicago) at www.redeyechicago.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161220-1RC-How-Chicago-s-high-murder-rate-is-skewing-nationwide-crime
-data-1220-20161220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1RC


                                 Copyright 2016


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 6, 2016 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

Hidden hate

BYLINE: Christina A. Cassidy

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 656 words


BOGALUSA, LA. The knock on the door, strong and quick, jolted Barbara Hicks
Collins awake. It was the middle of the night. Someone must be in trouble, she
thought. She flung open her front door to the shocking sight of her car engulfed
in flames.

Investigators later determined someone had deliberately set fire to her Mercedes
and also tried to burn down the one story brick house she shared with her mother
in this eastern Louisiana town, once known as a hotbed of Ku Klux Klan activity.
Hicks Collins, a black woman, had no doubt the fire set on Martin Luther King
Jr. Day in 2012 was racially motivated. Her father had been a prominent civil
rights leader who filed lawsuits that desegregated local schools and forced
police to protect protesters, and her family remained active in the community.

Despite the circumstances, the case was never counted in the nation's annual
tally of hate crimes. In fact, neither the police department nor the local
sheriff has filed a hate crime report with the FBI since at least 2009.

And that's not unusual, an investigation by The Associated Press found. The AP
identified more than 2,700 city police and county sheriff's departments across
the country that have not submitted a single hate crime report for the FBI's
annual crime tally during the past six years about 17 percent of all city and
county law enforcement agencies nationwide.

Advocates worry that the lack of a comprehensive, annual accounting disguises
the extent of bias crimes at a time of heightened racial, religious and ethnic
tensions. The nation was stunned last June when nine black parishioners were
shot dead at a Charleston, S.C., church in an attack labeled a hate crime, and
community groups have reported a notable increase in violence against Muslims
and mosques in the wake of last year's terror acts in Paris and San Bernardino,
Calif. Gay and transgender people also are regular targets.

A better accounting of hate crimes, the FBI and other proponents say, would not
only increase awareness but also boost efforts to combat such crimes with more
resources for law enforcement training and community outreach.

"We need the reporting to happen," said the Rev. Raphael Warnock, pastor of
Atlanta's historic Ebenezer Baptist Church, where King preached. "Without a
diagnosis, we don't know how serious the illness is. And without a diagnosis,
there is no prescription. And without a prescription, there is no healing."

The FBI defines a hate crime as a "criminal offense against a person or property
motivated in whole or in part by an offender's bias against a race, religion,
disability, sexual orientation, ethnicity, gender or gender identity." Filing
reports for the federal count is voluntary, and guidelines call for reports to
be submitted even if they list zero hate crimes, a signal to both the FBI and
the community that local departments are taking such crimes seriously.

Under FBI guidelines, an incident should be reported as a suspected hate crime
if a "reasonable and prudent" person would conclude a crime was motivated by
bias. Among the criteria for evaluation is whether an incident coincided with a
significant holiday or date, specifically citing the King holiday. A suspect
need not be identified to meet the threshold for reporting.

For Hicks Collins, the failure to count the 2012 attack as a hate crime is a
painful reminder of the continuing struggle for racial progress.

"The more things change," she said, "the more they remain the same."

Between 5,000 and 7,000 hate crime incidents are catalogued each year in the FBI
report, with nearly half of all victims in recent years targeted because of
their race.

"If these crimes are never really counted, it's a way of saying they are not
important," said Mark Potok with the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks
hate groups in the U.S. "For many black people, it's another form of being
victimized. It's a way of saying your life doesn't matter."

LOAD-DATE: June 09, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Missouri: Day two of AG's Urban Crime Summit highlights the social factors and
costs of violent crime -- Kansas City's NoVA initiative takes center stage in
afternoon session

LENGTH: 739  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Missouri has issued the following
press release:

The second day of Attorney General Koster's Urban Crime Summit, and final day in
Kansas City, concluded this afternoon at the University of Missouri - Kansas
City. The Kansas City No Violence Alliance (NoVA) was the highlight of the
afternoon session.

The panel included Koster, Kansas City Mayor Sly James, Kansas City Police Chief
Darryl Forté, St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay, and St. Louis Metropolitan Police
Chief Sam Dotson.

In the morning session, Koster welcomed Harold Pollack of the University of
Chicago Crime Lab and Amy Crawford of the National Network for Safe Communities.
Pollack presented on the social and economic costs of crime. He cited a finding
that each homicide results in seventy residents leaving a city. Pollack
discussed behavioral and psychological factors effecting young people most
likely to commit violent crime. Among other proposals, he described successful
mentoring interventions in school settings. Crawford presented research from
Cincinnati finding that three percent of core offenders generally accounted for
seventy five percent of serious urban violence. She concluded that identifying
target groups was critical in deterring crime. Both Crawford and Pollack
identified "street code" that encouraged violent behaviors, which must be
addressed through community interventions.

Mayor James questioned why the United States has higher rates of violent crime,
compared to other industrialized nations, and whether any data or research
existed to explain the cause. James noted that, "one of the things we struggle
with is the proliferation of illegal guns on our street." Pollack, like New York
City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly on Monday, endorsed universal background
checks.

Panel members returned to the concept of a specialized gun docket where courts
deal with various crimes involving a firearm.  Slay advocated for creation of a
gun court "that sends the message to those using a gun illegally in St. Louis
that we're not going to tolerate illegal guns in our city."

James also endorsed the concept of a gun court. "The uses of guns on the streets
of this city should be treated like the big problem that it is and that requires
specialization," said James.

Kansas City Police Captain Joseph McHale, the project director for the KC NoVA
initiative, Jackson County Prosecuting Attorney Jean Peters Baker, US Attorney
for the Western District of Missouri Tammy Dickinson, and UMKC Criminology
Professor Andrew Fox discussed ways in which research-supported interventions
are being implemented in Kansas City.

Fox highlighted using technology for social network analysis of criminals and
their associates. McHale described NoVA's efforts to reach offenders with
services designed to prevent recidivism.  Baker cited evidence that 29% of those
released from a Missouri prison reoffend within one year of their release. The
Jackson County Prosecuting Attorney's Office has implemented a pilot program to
assist felons reentering society.

A consistent theme among the presenters was the important role a community plays
in stopping violent crime. "Slow motion mass murder is happening on our streets
every day," said McHale. Koster praised NoVA leaders for their enthusiasm and
commitment to the goal of raising awareness and reducing violent crime in Kansas
City.

Koster suggested that courts could give priority to violent crimes, including
gun crimes. "Jail cells are a limited commodity," said Koster. "My sense of the
community is that we want gun crimes prioritized."

"An armed offender docket provides a swiftness of justice," said Baker. "I don't
know why we wouldn't want that tool."  Dickinson supported aggressive
prosecution of violent offenders.

Nancy La Vigne of the Urban Institute opened a session and panel discussion on
the use of technology as a crime-fighting tool. St. Louis Metropolitan Police
Lieutenant Angela Coonts and Sergeant Brent Feig presented on the use
surveillance cameras. David Chipman of ShotSpotter, Inc. discussed technology
currently being used in areas of Kansas City that detects gunfire in real-time.

The Attorney General's Urban Crime Summit moves to St. Louis tomorrow for two
days at the Saint Louis University School of Law. Koster expects the panel to
release policy recommendations by early December.

For further information please visit: http://www.dnr.mo.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 28, 2009 Monday

FBI report: Crime falls in Dayton;
Violent and property crimes in city show declines in the first half of 2009.

BYLINE: By Tom Beyerlein Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 343 words


Despite tough economic times, the city of Dayton enjoyed significant declines in
both violent and property crimes in the first half of the year compared with the
same period in 2008, according to newly released FBI statistics. On a percentage
basis, Dayton's declines were greater than those for the nation as a whole.

Dayton's volume of violent crimes - murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault
- declined by a total of 7.6 percent, dropping from 792 incidents in the first
half of 2008 to 732 in the same period this year. For the nation, the numbers
dropped by 4.4 percent, according to the FBI's preliminary semi-annual uniform
crime report, released last week.

Violent crime also was down in Cleveland, Columbus and Toledo. It was steady in
Akron and up in Cincinnati.

"It's very difficult to put your finger on why they go up and why they go down,"
said Special Agent Harry Trombitas of the FBI's Columbus office. "There are a
lot of factors that can have an influence."

The murder numbers for Dayton were steady at 20 for the first half of both
years, while all three other categories of violent crime decreased. There have
been 42 homicides in the city so far in 2009, up from 37 in all of 2008.

Dayton's murder numbers are nothing to brag about in comparison to other large
Ohio cities. Dayton's 20 first-half murders compared to just 14 in Toledo, a
city more than twice Dayton's size; 46 in Cleveland, nearly three times Dayton's
size; and 38 in Columbus, almost five times Dayton's size. Cincinnati, more than
twice Dayton's size, had 28 homicides in the first half of this year.

Trombitas said it's difficult to draw comparisons between cities because
different agencies have different reporting systems.

The number of property crimes - burglary, larceny, motor vehicle theft and arson
- in Dayton declined 14.6 percent, from 4,567 incidents in the first half of
2008 to 3,899 in the first half of 2009, the FBI report said. For the nation,
the numbers dropped by 6.1 percent.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2264 or tbeyerlein@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           November 24, 2009 Tuesday

Crime rankings show San Bernardino is relatively safer

BYLINE: Andrew Edwards, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


SAN BERNARDINO - A new survey of national crime statistics ranks this city as
the 46th most-dangerous in the United States.

The ranking lists San Bernardino as California's sixth most dangerous city, but
signifies an improvement for San Bernardino relative to other cities nationwide.

San Bernardino held the 36th spot in a list released about one year ago, and was
America's 16th most crime-afflicted city in 2004's round of numbers.

"We've really graduated to the next level of safety," Mayor Pat Morris said.

Elsewhere, Chino Hills was ranked as San Bernardino County's safest city and the
13th safest in the country.

Publishing house CQ Press released the new round of statistics Monday. The
rankings were compiled using figures for six crimes: murder, rape, aggravated
assault, robbery, burglary and theft. CQ Press relied on numbers that law
enforcement agencies across the fifty states reported to the FBI for 2008.

The FBI, however, cautions against using crime statistics to rank cities'
relative safety. The bureau maintains that such comparisons ignore the myriad
issues that affect crime rates in different jurisdictions.

CQ Press' list ranks 393 American cities with populations of 75,000 or greater.
San Bernardino, which ranks as the most dangerous city in the Inland Empire, is
sandwiched between Miami and Dallas on the national list.

The new round of numbers does not include 2009 statistics. Police Department
figures for the first 10 months of this year show that most serious crimes are
down.

Police recorded 25 murders through October, compared with 31 over the same time
period last year. As a whole violent crimes in San Bernardino dropped by 3.55
percent during the time period.

On the negative side of the ledger, San Bernardino residents are experiencing an
13.4 percent increase in burglaries compared to the same time period last year.

Other crimes where San Bernardino is registering an increase include synthetic
drug manufacturing - up by nearly 64 percent compared to last year - and
prostitution/vice, which is up by about 36 percent.

Morris said he expected recent reductions in the most severe crimes will result
in police having more time to concentrate on prostitution and other quality of
life issues.

"We can take the resources to the lesser crimes because we have a greater handle
on the greater crimes," he said.

CQ Press ranked Camden, N.J. as the United States' most dangerous city and
Colonie, N.Y. as the nation's safest.

The five California cities rated as more dangerous than San Bernardino were
Oakland (3), Compton (12), Richmond (14), Stockton (36) and Vallejo (43).

Crime rankings for Inland Empire, High Desert and selected Southern California
cities

San Bernardino 46

Pomona 106

Los Angeles 154

Rialto 158

Riverside 174

Victorville 188

San Diego 191

Ontario 194

Fontana 206

Santa Ana 214

Hesperia 280

Chino 301

Rancho Cucamonga 344

Chino Hills 381

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 19, 2007 Monday

Oakland ranked 4th most dangerous U.S. city, Richmond ranked 9th

BYLINE: By Kelly Rayburn Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS; Crime; Breaking

LENGTH: 702 words


Oakland was ranked as the fourth most dangerous city in the United States on
Sunday by a controversial but closely watched private research group that
publishes an annual list of the country's most crime-ridden cities.

Oakland jumped four spots, from No. 8 last year, in this year's "City Crime
Rankings: Crime in Metropolitan America," which was published by CQ Press, a
unit of Congressional Quarterly Inc. Nearby Richmond came in at No. 9.

"Obviously, it's not something we can ignore," said City Council President
Ignacio De La Fuente. "I think that unfortunately, let's face it, we have not
been able to deal with some of the main sources of crime."

He said city officials did not do enough in the past 12 months to attack the
problem.

"I don't think we've done a very good job, collectively," he said, "that's the
mayor, that's the chief of police and that's the council . . . We have
increasing crime in neighborhoods that have historically been safer than they
are today."

Detroit earned the dubious title of most dangerous city in the United States. It
was followed by St. Louis and Flint, Mich.

After Oakland, at No. 4., came Camden, N.J.; Birmingham, Ala.; North Charleston,
S.C.; Memphis, Tenn.; Richmond; and Cleveland.

Landing in the top 10 in the 2007 rankings, which were based on the Federal
Bureau of Investigation's crime data for 2006, is not shocking for Oakland.

"We don't need a poll to tell us that public safety is the number one issue in
the hearts and minds of Oakland residents and the top priority for the mayor's
administration," said Paul Rose, a spokesman for Mayor Ron Dellums.

He attacked the credibility of the report.

"The FBI questions the use of the statistics, which forces many to question the
validity of such a poll," he said.

The FBI distanced itself from the report.

"These rough rankings provide no insight into the numerous variables that mold
crime in a particular town, city, county, state, or region," the FBI said in a
statement on its Web site. "Consequently, they lead to simplistic an/or
incomplete analyses that often create misleading perceptions adversely affecting
communities and their residents."

Indeed, criminologists and law enforcement across the country pan the
most-dangerous cities list when it is published every year.

This year, the report looked at 378 cities with at least 75,000 people. Its
conclusions were based on per-capita rates for homicide, rape, robbery,
aggravated assault, burglary and auto theft.

Each crime category was considered separately and weighted based on its
seriousness, CQ Press said.

The report's findings were compiled by Kathleen O'Leary Morgan and Scott Morgan,
whose Morgan Quitno Press published the annual list until it was acquired by CQ
Press.

The details of the weighting system are kept secret.

In a company statement, CQ Press acknowledged that its lists are seen as
controversial.

The statement said there are indeed differing reasons for crime levels from city
to city.

But it said that shouldn't preclude people from comparing different cities'
overall crime rates.

"This would be somewhat akin to deciding not to compare athletes on their speed
in the 100-year dash because of physical or training differences," CQ Press'
statement said. "Such differences help explain the different speeds but do not
invalidate the comparisons."

In Oakland, Police Chief Wayne Tucker said people might be misled by the report.

"The department is always interested in how we're being rated," he said, "but I
think a rating can be very deceptive and ultimately give a false impression."

He said being ranked fourth on the list of dangerous cities could easily lead
people to believe the whole city is under siege from crime.

Tucker said the reality is that crime is concentrated in "two reasonably small
areas" in East and West Oakland.

He said thus far in 2007, crime is up overall by about 2 percent, attributing
that to increases in residential burglaries and domestic violence.

Homicide is down this year compared to last. There have been 111 homicides so
far this year, compared to 134 at this point in 2006, when Oakland finished the
year with 148 killings.

Assault with a deadly weapon involving a firearm is also down this year, Tucker
said.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 13, 2001, Tuesday, EARLY FIVE STAR EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News ServicesFREDERICK, MARYLAND; ACCUSATION; TEEN-AGER; TEENAGER
THREAT; INTERNET; CRIME; NEW HAVEN,; CONNECTICUT; GUILTY PLEA; THEFT;
BENTONVILLE ARKANSAS; JURY SELECTION; MURDER TRIAL; DAYTONA BEACH, FLORIDA;
DEATH; FATALITY JAPAN; INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS; HAWAII; SHIP ACCIDENT;
COLLISION; JAPANESE SHIP; US SUBMARINE; PACIFIC OCEAN; SUB GREENEVILLE; EHIME
MARU; INVESTIGATION; NAVY COURT OF INQUIRY; INQUEST; UNITED; STATES CIVILIANS;
GUEST; VISITORS; CONTROLS; WITNESS TESTIMONY

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A6

LENGTH: 621 words



EAST

FREDERICK, Md.

Teen accused of Internet threats faces extradition

A teen-ager accused of sending threatening Internet messages to San Diego-area
students three days after a fatal school shooting there faces an extradition
hearing Friday.

Patrick A. Smith, 18, is accused in California and Maryland of sending violent
threats to two teen-age girls from Santee, Calif., including one that read, "I'm
finishing what Andy started," investigators said. The statement apparently
referred to Charles Andrew "Andy" Williams, the 15-year-old charged with killing
two people and wounding 13 at Santana High School in Santee on March 5.

Smith lives about 20 miles from Knoxville, where Williams spent much of his
childhood, but police say there is no evidence they knew each other.

NEW HAVEN, Conn.

Financier pleads not guilty of stealing $ 200 million

Martin Frankel, a U.S. financier who was captured in Germany after four months
on the run, pleaded not guilty Monday of stealing more than $ 200 million from
insurance companies in five states.

Frankel, 46, formerly of Greenwich, faces federal charges of racketeering, fraud
and conspiracy.

He is accused of looting insurance companies in Missouri, Arkansas, Mississippi,
Oklahoma and Tennessee. Regulators in those states are s eeking more than $ 600
million in damages from Frankel in civil cases. Three associates have pleaded
guilty to related charges.

SOUTH

BENTONVILLE, Ark.

Jury selection starts in case of boy's murder

Jury selection started Monday for the trial of a man charged along with his
roommate with rape and capital murder in the death of a 13-year-old boy.

Jesse Dirkhising of Prairie Grove died Sept. 26, 1999, after being tied up and
drugged in the home of Joshua Macabe Brown and Davis Don Carpenter in Rogers,
prosecutors said. The state is seeking the death penalty.

A medical examiner said the boy died of positional asphyxia, meaning he was
unable to breathe after being placed face down. Brown, 23, has asked that the
trial be moved out of Benton County, but Judge David Clinger said he wanted to
hear from the potential jurors before deciding. Carpenter is to be tried May 7.

DAYTONA BEACH, Fla.

Motorcyclist gathering ends with six traffic deaths

Bike Week, the nation's biggest annual gathering of motorcyclists, ended over
the weekend with a total of six traffic deaths - less than half the number
killed last year.

Highway safety advocates had believed there might be a jump in the number of
deaths over last year's 15 because this was the first Bike Week since Florida
legislators repealed a mandatory motorcycle helmet law.

Bike Week observers attributed the lower death toll to boosted law enforcement
and to a safety campaign sponsored by Bike Week officials and the Motorcycle
Safety Foundation. About 500,000 motorcyclists came to Daytona Beach.

WEST

PEARL HARBOR, Hawaii

Sub commander is at fault, official testifies

The failure of Cmdr. Scott Waddle to detect a Japanese trawler through his
periscope aboard the Greenville led to the fatal collision between the two
ships, the head of the Pacific Fleet's submarine force testified Monday.

"This is the meat of the matter: The commander officer ... has the absolute
obligation to make sure the area is free," said Waddle's boss, Rear Adm. Albert
Konetzni. "That's what caused this collision."

Konetzni took the stand as a Navy court of inquiry into the Feb. 9 accident
entered its second week. The investigative hearing could lead to courts-martial
of Waddle; the Greeneville's executive officer, Lt. Cmdr. Gerald Pfeifer; and
the officer of the deck, Lt. j.g. Michael Coen.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 13, 2001, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News ServicesFREDERICK, MARYLAND; ACCUSATION; TEEN-AGER; TEENAGER
THREAT; INTERNET; CRIME; NEW HAVEN,; CONNECTICUT; GUILTY PLEA; THEFT;
BENTONVILLE ARKANSAS; JURY SELECTION; MURDER TRIAL; DAYTONA BEACH, FLORIDA;
DEATH; FATALITY JAPAN; INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS; HAWAII; SHIP ACCIDENT;
COLLISION; JAPANESE SHIP; US SUBMARINE; PACIFIC OCEAN; SUB GREENEVILLE; EHIME
MARU; INVESTIGATION; NAVY COURT OF INQUIRY; INQUEST; UNITED; STATES CIVILIANS;
GUEST; VISITORS; CONTROLS; WITNESS TESTIMONY

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A6

LENGTH: 615 words



EAST

FREDERICK, Md.

Teen accused of Internet threats faces extradition

A teen-ager accused of sending threatening Internet messages to San Diego-area
students three days after a fatal school shooting there faces an extradition
hearing Friday.

Patrick A. Smith, 18, is accused in California and Maryland of sending violent
threats to two teen-age girls from Santee, Calif., including one that read, "I'm
finishing what Andy started," investigators said. The statement apparently
referred to Charles Andrew "Andy" Williams, the 15-year-old charged with killing
two people and wounding 13 at Santana High School in Santee on March 5.

Smith lives about 20 miles from Knoxville, where Williams spent much of his
childhood, but police say there is no evidence they knew each other.

NEW HAVEN, Conn.

Financier pleads not guilty of stealing $ 200 million

Martin Frankel, a U.S. financier who was captured in Germany after four months
on the run, pleaded not guilty Monday of stealing more than $ 200 million from
insurance companies in five states.

Frankel, 46, formerly of Greenwich, faces federal charges of racketeering, fraud
and conspiracy.

He is accused of looting insurance companies in Missouri, Arkansas, Mississippi,
Oklahoma and Tennessee. Regulators in those states are s eeking more than $ 600
million in damages from Frankel in civil cases. Three associates have pleaded
guilty to related charges.

SOUTH

BENTONVILLE, Ark.

Jury selection starts in case of boy's murder

Jury selection started Monday for the trial of a man charged along with his
roommate with rape and capital murder in the death of a 13-year-old boy.

Jesse Dirkhising of Prairie Grove died Sept. 26, 1999, after being tied up and
drugged in the home of Joshua Macabe Brown and Davis Don Carpenter in Rogers,
prosecutors said. The state is seeking the death penalty.

A medical examiner said the boy died of positional asphyxia, meaning he was
unable to breathe after being placed face down. Brown, 23, has asked that the
trial be moved out of Benton County, but Judge David Clinger said he wanted to
hear from the potential jurors before deciding. Carpenter is to be tried May 7.

DAYTONA BEACH, Fla.

Motorcyclist gathering ends with six traffic deaths

Bike Week, the nation's biggest annual gathering of motorcyclists, ended over
the weekend with a total of six traffic deaths - less than half the number last
year.

Highway safety advocates had believed there might be a jump in the number of
deaths over last year's 15 because this was the first Bike Week since Florida
legislators repealed a mandatory motorcycle helmet law.

Bike Week observers attributed the lower death toll to boosted law enforcement
and to a safety campaign sponsored by Bike Week officials and the Motorcycle
Safety Foundation. About 500,000 motorcyclists came to Daytona Beach.

WEST

PEARL HARBOR, Hawaii

Sub commander is at fault, official testifies

The failure of Cmdr. Scott Waddle to detect a Japanese trawler through his
periscope aboard the Greeneville led to the fatal collision between the two
ships, the head of the Pacific Fleet's submarine force testified Monday.

"This is the meat of the matter: The commanding officer ... has the absolute
obligation to make sure the area is free," said Waddle's boss, Rear Adm. Albert
Konetzni.

Capt. Robert Brandhuber, Konetzni's chief of staff, testified that he was in the
back of the control room when the ship went to periscope depth and during the
surfacing maneuver. He said he felt in his gut that the crew members were moving
fast, but he didn't think they were being unsafe.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     November 15, 1999 Monday CITY EDITION

CRIME SITE SAYS ST. OLAF'S THE SAFEST

BYLINE: James Romenesko, Columnist

SECTION: YOURTECH; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 570 words


Looking for the safest higher education institution in Minnesota? Head to St.
Olaf College in Northfield.
The public safety site APBNews (www.apbnews.com) says its study reveals the odds
of you being involved in a violent crime on that campus are low. Last week
APBNews released its "College Community Crime Risk" report, which uses a
one-to-10 scale to rank the risk for violent crime on 1,497 campuses. St. Olaf
got a three (10 is the highest risk) - the best of all Minnesota colleges and
universities - while nearby Carleton College won a four rating.
To find an even safer school, a Minnesotan would have to cross the stateline and
head to the University of Wisconsin at River Falls; it got a two risk rating.
APBNews.com used the CAP Index system to come up with the figures, which site
producers say are more reliable than FBI statistics.
"Traditional statistics, like the FBI's Uniform Crime Reports, are more than a
year old when they are released," says Mark Sauter, APBNews.com chief operating
officer. "Meanwhile, crime statistics gathered by colleges themselves have been
widely criticized for being unreliable and inconsistent. CAP Index's system, on
the other hand, uses fresh data in a nationally standardized format to predict
crime risk for the coming year."
The site breaks down the ratings this way: one to three is considered low risk;
four to six is moderate; seven or eight is moderately high; nine is high; and 10
is extremely high.
The Twin Cities campus of the University of Minnesota gets an eight, while the
Duluth campus is a safer six. The Morris branch earns a five score. Other state
schools and their risk ratings: Macalester College (six); Hamline University
(six); University of St. Thomas (seven); College of St. Catherine (five); Winona
State University (four); and Mankato State University (five). Marquette
University, which suffered a crime image problem after Jeffrey Dahmer's arrest,
gets a risky nine rating, while the University of Wisconsin at Madison is
assigned a seven.
The lowest crime risk U.S. school, according to the CAP Index, is Anna Maria
College in Paxton, Mass., while the highest risk campus neighborhood is Morris
Brown College in Atlanta's University Center.
The crime risk rankings are found at www.apbnews.com/safetycenter/
childrens-safety/campus/. Amazon's final chapter
You probably won't see the Amazon Bookstore co-owners driving in Cadillacs
purchased with the settlement money they got from Amazon.com; that's just not
their style.
However, you will see the five women in a spanking new South Minneapolis store
next July; that place, at 44th St. S and Chicago Ave., will even have a fancy
coffee bar.
Plans for a larger store were in place, though, even before the Loring Park
Amazon filed suit against Amazon.com for trademark infringement. Whether they
received settlement cash to help pay for the new store isn't known,and their
attorney Matthias Samuel declines to talk about it. He'll only refer me to a
press release on the bookstore site, which notes the local store is "very happy"
with the way the dispute ended. Amazon's next Midwest battle? Does the online
retailer's founder Jeff Bezos know that a Madison, Wis., man named Carl Makuch
has registered ww.jeffbezos.com? Makuch didn't respond to an inquiry about his
motives for holding the domain.
James Romenesko can be reached at jromenesko@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 25, 1997, Tuesday

MURDER RATE WAY DOWN

BYLINE: By JOHN MARZULLI

SECTION: News; Pg.  12

LENGTH: 228 words


The city's murder rate for the first six months of the year ranked 71st of 195
cities nationwide with a population of at least 100,000, according to statistics
released yesterday by the police department.

With the murder rate dropping, the city is on a pace to log the fewest killings
in 30 years, officials said.

There were 5.1 murders per 100,000 people in New York City from January through
June compared with 35.6 in Richmond, Va. (No. 1); 28.5 in Washington, D.C. (No.
3); and 7.7 in Los Angeles (No. 37).

The rankings were prepared by NYPD analysts based on preliminary crime
statistics released by the FBI.

Through Sunday, there have been 686 murders in the city compared with 884 for
the same period last year, a 22.3% decrease.

At the current pace, the city would come in with about 760 murders the fewest
since 1967, when there were 745. Last year, the city logged 984 murders.

According to the FBI statistics, New York City was 150th of 189 cities in the
major crime rate just behind Boise, Idaho. The city's crime rate fell 10% in the
first six months of 1997, while the nation's rate dropped by only 4%.

The safest city in the state based on per-capita crime is the town of Amherst, a
Buffalo suburb with a population of 107,331. Amherst is ranked 186th of 189
cities in major crime and has been murder-free so far this year.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                  April 11, 1997, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

EDITORIALS;
A Georgia export: Guns

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 511 words


The National Rifle Association and its allies have long argued that gun-control
laws are worthless and may even make crime worse by disarming honest citizens
while criminals continue to get weapons illegally.

In that argument, two examples they often cite are New York City and Washington.
As the NRA points out, both have among the tightest gun- control laws in the
country. Historically, they also have had high murder rates. If gun control
works, why are so many people being killed in those cities?

It's an argument that depends on what might be called the hospital fallacy.
Because hospitals are full of sick people, does that mean that hospitals cause
people to get sick? Because violence-plagued areas pass gun-control laws, does
that mean that gun-control laws cause violence?

A recent study using data compiled by the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and
Firearms provides another telling rebuttal to the NRA's argument. Every year,
the bureau traces the origins of a fraction of the guns used in crimes. The
results of that trace are revealing:

Of the 47,068 guns used in crimes and traced by the bureau last year, 16,635
---more than a third ---had been purchased in one state but used somewhere else.

Four states ---Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas --- accounted for a
quarter of the guns exported to other states and used in crimes. Those four
states have some of the weakest gun-control laws in the country.

Georgia was traced as the source state for 939 guns that were used in violent
crimes elsewhere. Since only a few guns are traced, the real number of guns
exported from Georgia for criminal purposes is probably much larger.

None of the 18 traced guns used in Washington crimes had been purchased in the
district. Of the 1,989 guns traced from New York, three- fourths had been bought
out of state.

According to the ATF statistics, 125 guns purchased under Georgia's lax laws
were taken to New York and used in crimes there. Only four guns used in Georgia
crimes could be traced back to New York.

Those numbers prove several things. First, gun control works. Tight laws in New
York and Washington have forced criminals there to import their weapons, because
they can't get weapons locally. Second, by refusing to enact responsible gun
laws, states such as Georgia bear at least some moral responsibility for
gun-related deaths in other states. And third, a nationwide approach to gun
control is absolutely necessary. Laws enacted at the state and local level are
of limited effectiveness.

Unfortunately, the NRA has challenged the constitutionality of the country's
most effective gun-control measure, the Brady background-check law. The Supreme
Court is expected to rule on that case soon, and it may throw the law out. (The
NRA's challenge, based on technicalities, has nothing to do with the Second
Amendment).

If the Brady law is tossed out, Congress must restore it quickly in a form that
passes constitutional muster. Without that law, the phenomenon of interstate
gun-running can only get worse.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Map and chart: WHERE THE GUNS GROW
 The number of guns traced by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms
 that were bought in the Southern states below and used in crimes in other
 states. Fla: 1,243
 Ga: 939
 S.C.: 992
 Ala: 516
 Tenn: 317
 Source: U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms / WILSON LOWREY /
 Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 23, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition

Area Jurisdictions Call Hate-Crime Laws Solid;
Statutes Said to Be Narrower Than St. Paul's

Kevin Sullivan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6

LENGTH: 786 words


Officials in Maryland, Virginia and the District said yesterday they are
confident their laws restricting cross burning and other hate crimes will stand
despite the Supreme Court's ruling in the St. Paul, Minn., case.

"Cross burning and the painting of swastikas simply won't be tolerated in
Virginia," said Attorney General Mary Sue Terry (D).

Terry, Maryland Attorney General J. Joseph Curran Jr. (D) and District officials
said their hate-crime laws are written more narrowly than the Minnesota law that
was struck down by the court.

The Minnesota law banned activities such as cross burning and the displaying of
swastikas that "arouse anger, alarm or resentment in others on the basis of
race, color, creed, religion or gender." The court ruled that such broad
language is unconstitutional.

Local officials said their laws do not contain such broad prohibitions of free
expression, but simply establish increased penalties for crimes motivated by
race, religion or other characteristics.

But some analysts said that the fate of such laws remains to be determined in
future litigation and that their status is uncertain after yesterday's ruling.

"Local governments around the country are going to have to look at their
statutes and make sure that they are written in neutral terms," said Rodney A.
Smolla, a law professor at the College of William and Mary who has written on
hate-speech laws. He said laws with enhanced penalties for bias crimes "have got
to be understood as unconstitutional after this case."

Maryland's hate-crimes statute, enacted in 1988, calls for stiff penalties for
anyone who assaults, harasses or damages the property of another person because
of that person's race or religion.

The law provides for additional prison time and fines -- a maximum of 20 years
and $ 20,000 if the victim dies -- for those crimes if they are found to be
racially motivated.

The law was used in March by Montgomery County prosecutors in the case of two
white men who allegedly attacked two black women and tried to set one of them on
fire. The suspects were charged with hate-crime violations because they
allegedly told police they were "hunting" blacks.

Robert A. Zarnoch, an assistant attorney general and counsel to the General
Assembly, said the court's decision would not affect the hate-crime statute
because the law simply adds additional penalties to activities that are already
illegal.

Curran said his preliminary opinion is that the law is solid, but he said he
needs to study the issue further.

Jennifer Burdick, executive director of Maryland's Human Relations Commission,
said prosecutors look for swastikas or other symbols to determine if a crime was
motivated by racial or religious hatred. If the court's decision means those
symbols cannot be considered, it could force changes in the law, she said.

Maryland also has a cross-burning law that bans the burning of "any cross or
other religious symbol" on public or private property without first notifying
the fire department and getting permission from the property owner.

The law "is clearly directed largely at prevention of trespass and damage to
property," Assistant Attorney General Kathryn M. Rowe wrote in a June 1991
opinion.

Del. Samuel I. "Sandy" Rosenberg (D-Baltimore), who sponsored the hate-crimes
bill in the House of Delegates, said yesterday he believes the cross-burning
statute, enacted in 1966, will not be affected by the court's decision.
"Minnesota's law was a politically correct attempt to outlaw politically
incorrect speech, and Maryland doesn't do that," he said.

In Virginia, Terry said the hate-crime law, enacted in the 1950s, merely
increases penalties for crimes if they are based on bias.

Painting a swastika on a synagogue, for example, involves destruction of
property, which is illegal, Terry said. And burning a cross on a black family's
yard constitutes trespassing, she said. But the penalties for both crimes are
more severe if prosecuted under the hate-crime law.

Anna Blackburne, special counsel to the District's corporation counsel, said
that "at this time, it appears [the Minnesota ruling] doesn't directly impact"
on the District's law.

Similar to the Maryland and Virginia laws, the D.C. law says that those
convicted of crimes ranging from vandalism to murder face a potential 50 percent
increase in their sentences if the crimes are determined to be motivated by
bias, Blackburne said.

She said the law focuses on acts of violence that appear to be motivated by the
victim's race, religion, sexual orientation or other personal characteristics.


Staff writers John Harris, Evelyn Hsu, Brooke A. Masters and Ruth Marcus
contributed to this report.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            October 8, 1974, Tuesday

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL KNIGHT

SECTION: Page 81, Column 1

LENGTH: 130 words

Article repts rapid rise in crime in NYC suburbs.  FBI statistics show
nationwide suburban crime increase of 9% in '73, compared with decrease of 1/2
of 1% in cities.  Reptd crimes in NYC dropped 6/10 of 1% last yr, while 7 major
crime categories increased 16.6% in Bergen County, NJ, 13.2% in Rockland County,
NY, and 8.4% in Fairfield County, Conn.  Local police depts add that less
serious crimes not reptd by FBI are growing at similar rates.  Studies show that
criminals are often residents of areas where they commit their crimes, or
suburbanites from nearby areas.  78% of those arrested for serious crimes in
Westchester County, NY, in '70 were county residents.  Of young people arrested,
rate was 90%.  Theories for crime rise noted.  Police officials comment (L).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: Statistics 28

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 2, 2009 Monday

Bakersfield's property crime rate alarming: High numbers prompt new tactics,
vigilance to deter criminal activity

BYLINE: Jorge Barrientos, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1130 words


Mar. 2--You might think bigger cities like Fresno, Los Angeles and even New York
City have more property crime than Bakersfield.

You would be wrong.

The latest FBI statistics show Bakersfield has more property crimes per person
than all of those cities.

Why? Police don't know, but they say they're doing their best. And they say
residents need to do more to keep from enticing criminals.

High numbers

In Bakersfield the rate of property crimes is 177 percent higher than New York
City. Our rate is 92 percent higher than Los Angeles and 13 percent higher than
Fresno.

But some smaller cities, such as Modesto and Stockton, are even worse. Their
rates are among the highest in the state for these crimes. Modesto sees 15
percent more property crimes than Bakersfield, and Stockton -- 25 percent more.

Property crimes do not involve any force or violence on victims. They include
burglaries, larcenies and vehicle thefts. But they also include arson,
shoplifting and vandalism.

Reasons

Stan Goldman, a criminal law expert at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, said
communities sometimes see higher crime rates because of socioeconomic
difficulties -- high unemployment rates or large low-income populations, for
example.

That doesn't seem to account entirely for the differences, however. A
Californian analysis comparing census poverty and income levels with property
crime levels in various cities showed no correlation.

Criminology expert Malcolm Klein at the University of Southern California said
each city has to be analyzed independently. Some big cities have large areas
with little crime, which skews statistics.

In contrast, some smaller populated cities can see more crimes.

"The so-called bigger cities are made up of a lot of Bakersfields," Klein said.
"Some divisions are considerably better off than others."

Bakersfield police Sgt. Greg Terry said an explanation could come from variables
that cannot be measured. For example, it's possible more people report property
crimes in some cities than others. For instance, high numbers of stolen bike
reports doesn't necessarily mean more bikes are being stolen, but that more
people are reporting them, he said.

"There are so many unknowns and immeasurables," Terry said.

Jail for property crimes

Clackamas County in Oregon had enough with property crime. In November, voters
passed a measure that, among other things, beefed up jail time for thieves.

Five felony convictions were needed for jail time in property crimes before --
now it's two.

Officials hope that by using the "80-20 rule" -- that 20 percent of criminals
commit 80 percent of crimes -- those locked up will not be able to commit more
property crimes, said Clackamas district attorney John Foote.

Here in Kern County, the District Attorney's office treats property crimes "very
seriously, and aggressively pursue them," said Mike Saleen, chief deputy
district attorney.

But a person committing petty theft here would likely not serve much jail time
unless there was a long rap sheet, he said.

"It takes awhile," Saleen said. "People do get breaks in those lower-level
offenses."

He added: "But if you're in jail, you can't commit the crimes."

Asked whether a Clackamas-like initiative would work in Kern County, Saleen
said: "I suppose anything that increases the penalty for repeat property crime
offenders would be beneficial."

Current budget struggles, however, might put a hamper on property crime fighting
and prosecution, Saleen said. Violent crimes get the priority over property
crimes.

The struggle

Agencies statewide struggling to lower property crime are using crime analysis
computer programs to track crimes, are working with Neighborhood Watch groups to
spread the word, and are saturating high population and target areas -- malls
and churches, for example -- with notices and fliers about crime, police said.

"If you have a huge property crime problem, you have to know how they're
happening, but the community has to understand, too, how to not be targeted."
said Sgt. Gena Brooks, with the Los Angeles Police Department.

It has worked for L.A., Brooks said, and has helped put them among the lowest in
the state in terms of property crimes per 100,000 people.

As an example, their West bureau experienced 23,600 property crimes in 2007.
Using the tactics listed above, they dropped the crimes by more than 1,500, or 7
percent, LAPD statistics show.

Stockton is struggling even more. It's worse than Bakersfield in nearly all
crime statistic categories, according to the FBI numbers. It also beat out
everyone in the state in property crimes per 100,000 people.

But the department recently began working more with Neighborhood Watch groups to
spread the word where crimes are hardest hit, said officer Pete Smith, spokesman
for the Stockton Police Department. They also work with other area law
enforcement agencies to fight crimes together.

The result is lower property crimes in some areas, like Kentfield, a
square-mile, high-density area with mostly families. From 2005 to 2008, property
crimes have dropped 41 percent, according to Stockton Police Department
statistics.

Good news

Police say they're using the same tactics as Stockton and L.A., and are seeing
good results.

Property crimes in Bakersfield have declined slightly in the past two years even
though the population here has risen, statistics show.

As an example, police conducted an operation this summer in southeast
Bakersfield enclosed within Union Avenue, White Lane, Panama Lane and Highway
99. The area was a "hot spot" in April last year for property crimes, and
officers "canvassed" the area this summer with officers, surveillance and public
notices.

By June, property crimes in the area dropped by 43 percent. Officers also made
33 felony arrests, 76 misdemeanor arrests and impounded 41 vehicles.

"It sent a signal," Terry said.

The department is doing more of the operations these days, Terry said, in an
attempt to pour water over the hot areas.

And now departments throughout the state are looking ahead. With an economy
looking more bleak every day, thefts and burglaries are bound to jump, police
say, making the public's help even more important.

"This is something we can influence," Terry said. "There are individuals that
are out there looking to commit crimes, and the more we can reduce their
opportunities to commit the crime the lower our crime rate will be."

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090302-BK-Bakersfield-s-property-crime-rate-alarming-0302

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2009 The Bakersfield Californian


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 8, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Urban Crime Rates Falling This Year

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD KRAUSS

SECTION: Section A;  Page 14;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 897 words


The number of incidents of murder, robbery and assault has declined in almost
all the nation's largest cities, most markedly in the West, according to a
survey by the New York City Police Department.

Twenty of the 22 police departments that were surveyed said there were fewer
felonies in the first six months of this year than there were in the same period
last year. The cities showing the greatest declines in felonies were San
Francisco, Seattle, Los Angeles, El Paso and San Antonio, in descending order.
San Francisco reported a 25.2 percent decrease in total felonies, with better
than 20 percent decreases each in murder, rape, robbery, burglary, larceny theft
and motor vehicle theft.

New York City ranked sixth in the survey, with a decrease of 9.7 percent in
total felonies from the same six-month period last year. Homicide in the city
fell by 10.9 percent; robbery by 12 percent and auto theft by 14.5 percent. The
numbers fell particularly fast during the summer in New York and in many other
cities, compared with the summer before, according to police officials.

Unlike most of the other cities, where the reported decreases followed years of
rising crime rates, New York saw a downward trend continue; it had already
recorded three straight years of modest declines.

The only reported increases in felonies were in Phoenix (11 percent) and
Baltimore (3.2 percent), the survey said.

Mark Moore, a criminologist at Harvard University, said the survey was "probably
good news," but he noted that "it doesn't capture the fear that is out there."

Indeed, a single set of new statistics, no matter how encouraging, is unlikely
to allay the fears of a country that saw crime rates soar after crack came to
the cities in the mid-1980's. Many experts say it will take years of declines in
crime rates for this pervasive anxiety to recede.

While the survey results were based on preliminary police data, and though as
much as 50 percent of violent crimes go unreported, criminologists and police
officials said the new numbers nevertheless suggested at least a short-term
downward trend in crime. But the experts differed widely on whether the apparent
improvement in urban safety was related to improvements in the economy, the cold
winter, demographic trends or changes in police tactics and law-enforcement
policies.

Alfred Blumstein, a criminologist at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh,
said the results partly reflected demographic shifts, because the number of
teen-agers -- those most likely to commit crimes -- had declined over the last
decade. Experts expect that trend to reverse, as more children of the baby-boom
generation become teen-agers over the next 5 to 10 years.

Explaining the national downturn, Deputy Police Inspector Joseph E. Lovelock of
New York City credited the "building boom" of new prisons nationwide, tougher
local and national gun-control regulations and a national trend in law
enforcement toward community policing -- taking officers out of patrol cars and
putting them on city streets, where they can come to know a neighborhood and its
problems, and the neighborhood can come to know them.

The national survey was carried out by New York City police officers, who
collected the data by telephone, mail and fax machine at the request of Police
Commissioner William J. Bratton. Police officials said Mr. Bratton wanted to
compare the results of his crime strategies to the records of other police
departments. The statistics will be released by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation in the next few months.

James Alan Fox, dean of the College of Criminal Justice at Northeastern
University in Boston, said the declines reported in the survey might reflect
little more than a natural leveling off from the high crime levels after the
introduction of crack in the mid 1980's. Indeed, the number of violent crimes
rose by 5.6 percent in 1993 from the year before, to 10.9 million incidents,
according to the annual National Crime Victimization Survey by the Bureau of
Justice Statistics, an arm of the Justice Department.

"Crime rates fluctuate much like the stock market," Mr. Fox said. "Good years
are generally followed by bad."

San Francisco saw a 28.7 percent increase in homicides from 1990 to 1993,
reaching a total of 130 that year, before declining by 23.8 percent in the first
six months of this year, compared with the same period the year before.
Similarly, aggravated assault increased by 10 percent from 1992 to 1993,
reaching 4,396, before dropping 18.1 percent during the first six months of 1994
compared with the same period in 1993.

Mayor Frank Jordan of San Francisco said better police work explained the
decline in crime.

"We're setting standards of behavior," Mayor Jordan said in an interview
yesterday. He said the city's police department had hired 200 more officers
since he took office in January 1992, bringing the total to 1,900; stepped up
security in parks and public transportation stations, and begun an offensive
against nuisance crimes like panhandling and graffiti vandalism.

Seven of the 12 cities with the largest reductions are in California and Texas.

San Antonio, for instance, reported a 25.4 percent decline in homicides for the
first six months in the year. That decline roughly brings the annual homicide
rate this year in line with the 168 committed in 1989.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 16, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

GAMING UNIT SUMS UP OBJESTIONS TO BALLY CASINO, CITING CRIME TIES

BYLINE: By DONALD JANSON

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Dec. 15


The New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement said today that the Bally
Manufacturing Corporation had deliberately enlisted the ''association and
influence'' of organized crime and should not be licensed to operate a casino in
Atlantic City.

Robert B. Sturges, deputy director of the division, made the charge in his
closing argument before the Casino Control Commission in a licensing hearing
that began Nov. 6. The commission will review the evidence and is expected to
rule next week.

Mr. Sturges said that when William T. O'Donnell sought to buy Bally's
predecessor, the Lion Manufacturing Corporation, he went to Abe Green, an owner
of Runyon Sales, which distributed coin-operated Lion machines in the New York
metropolitan area, knowing that Gerardo Catena was a partner of Mr. Green.

Mr. Catena had been identified by Congressional investigating committees as a
leading figure in the Genovese organized-crime family. Mr. Sturges said Mr.
O'Donnell wanted Mr. Catena's influence in ''getting into the slot machine
business in Nevada.''

Manufacturer of Slot Machines

Mr. Catena became a hidden partner in the new Bally company in 1963, with his
interest held in the name of Mr. Green and Mr.  Green's partner, Barnet
Sugarman, Mr. Sturges said. Bally later became the largest manufacturer of slot
machines in the world, with a major market in Nevada.

Mr. Green also brought Irving Kaye into the O'Donnell group that bought Lion in
1963. Mr. Kaye was associated with Mr. Green and Mr.  Catena in a Brooklyn
company that made billiard tables.

''The O'Donnell group was Green, Sugarman, Kaye,'' Mr. Sturges said, ''everyone
a business associate, a partner, a front for Gerardo Catena. Mr. O'Donnell
wanted Mr. Catena's association and influence, that's why he turned to Green and
Sugarman. He wanted to get into the slot machine business in Nevada. How to
penetrate that market of organized-crime-dominated casinos? Professor Blakey
testified to Catena's influence in Las Vegas. It was no coincidence that he went
to Green.''

Testimony About Reputation

Prof. G. Robert Blakey, director of the University of Notre Dame's Organized
Crime Institute, testified last week that Bally has the reputation ''of a
company associated with organized crime.''

Profesor Blakey, formerly of the racketeering section of the Federal Justice
Department, served as a consultant to Senate committees investigating organized
crime and to the Commission on National Policy on Gaming. He was a member of a
New York State Commission that studied the possibility of legalizing gaming in
New York. He wrote the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970 and helped establish
the Cornell University Institute on Organized Crime.

Mr. Sturges noted that Mr. O'Donnell hired Dino Cellini in 1970 as a Bally
salesman after Mr. Cellini had been evicted from the Bahamas and England for his
close association with Meyer Lansky, the reputed organized-crime financial
expert.

Business Judgments

Mr. Sturges said the associations among Mr. Catena, Mr. Cellini, Mr.Kaye, Mr.
Green and Mr. Sugarman ''cannot be cast aside as mere mistakes.'' He said Mr.
O'Donnell, the president and chairman of Bally since its founding, had made
''deliberate and conscious business judgments to use the influence of these men
to benefit the company financially.''

''Mr. O'Donnell makes business judgments on one basis - is it profitable,'' Mr.
Sturges said. ''His philosophy is that honesty is the best policy only so long
as it pays well,'' he said.

Mr. Sturges said that philosophy continues at Bally.  The gaming division
opposes licensing either Bally or Mr.  O'Donnell. Bally received a temporary
permit to operate Bally's Park Place Casino in Atlantic City last Dec. 29, but
only after Mr.  O'Donnell agreed to sever his ties to his company until the
commission ruled on his and Bally's applications for licenses.

A Separation Is Suggested

Clive S. Cummis, attorney for Bally, said that ''if there is any individual in
the company that doesn't meet licensing standards, the commission should
separate that individual from the corportion'' but license the company. The
commission did that recently with Caesars World, licensing the company but not
its founders, Clifford S. and Stuart Z. Perlman.

Anton Valukis, Mr. O'Donnell's attorney, said his client did not know in 1963
that Mr. Catena had a hidden interest in Bally and bought him out when he
learned it later. He said Mr. O'Donnell made ''a mistake in judgment'' in hiring
Mr. Cellini. But he said that neither Mr. Catena nor Mr. Cellini ever had any
influence or control in the company. He said their relationships with the
company had ended by 1973.

Mr. Cummis said that ''notwithstanding the colorful history of this company,''
it should be judged only ''as it is today.'' Mr. Green, Mr. Sugarman, Mr. Kaye,
Mr. Catena and Mr. Cellini are no longer associated with the company, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Assistant United States Attorney

LENGTH: 1421  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Assistant United States Attorney
USAO Northern District of Texas
Attorney
1100 Commerce Street, Third Floor
Dallas, TX 75242
United States
15-NDTX-AUSA-1338904 CG
About the Office:

The Office of the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas is
the principal federal prosecution authority for the North Texas area, with
offices in Dallas, Fort Worth, Lubbock, Amarillo and Abilene. The Civil Division
is charged with defending agencies of the United States, enforcing regulatory
agency authority, and recovering funds from violators of U.S. criminal,
regulatory, and civil laws. The Criminal Division of our office prosecutes all
federal crimes in our jurisdiction, including acts of terrorism, public
corruption, white-collar crime, organized crime, gang activities,
internet-related crimes, and many other criminal offenses. The Appellate
Division represents the United States in cases on appeal before the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, responds to post-conviction litigation, and
keeps the district informed of developments in the law.
Job Description:

The Criminal Division is responsible for investigation and prosecution of
economic crimes, immigration, white-collar crime, counterfeiting, fraud, drug
trafficking, violent crimes, firearms, and other criminal offenses.
Qualifications:

Required qualifications: Applicants must possess a J.D. degree from an
accredited law school and be duly licensed and authorized to practice as an
attorney under the laws of a State, territory, or the District of Columbia.
Applicants must be active members in good standing of the bar (any
jurisdiction). In addition, applicants must have at least three years of
full-time experience as a licensed attorney. Qualifying legal experience may
include work as an AUSA, a judicial law clerk in either federal or state court
and/or litigation experience in either the private or public sector.

Preferred qualifications: Applicants must demonstrate a quick analytical ability
and the facility to accurately and precisely articulate the critical issues
involved with a case; superior oral and writing skills as well as strong
research and interpersonal skills, and good judgment; excellent communication
and courtroom skills and exhibit the ability to work in a supportive and
professional manner with other attorneys, support staff and client agencies, and
must have a demonstrated capacity to function with minimal guidance in a highly
demanding environment.

Applicants will be expected to do their own legal research and writing and will
be substantially self-sufficient in preparing day-to-day correspondence and
pleadings. Applicants must also demonstrate excellent computer literacy skills
to include experience with automated research on the Internet, electronic court
filing, and electronic e-mail and word processing systems.
Salary:
Assistant United States Attorneys' pay is administratively determined based, in
part, on the number of years of professional attorney experience and
availability of funds. The current range of basic pay is $54,877 to $145,244.
Travel:
Occasional Travel: 1-5 nights per month for training purposes.
Application Process:

Applications must be submitted online through the following
http://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/395727300

The deadline to apply is March 12, 2015. If unable to apply on-line, the
announcement provides instructions on faxing your documents in the "How to
Apply" tab.
Application Deadline:
Thursday, March 12, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses are not authorized.
Number of Positions:
Few
Updated February 25, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            December 2, 2008 Tuesday

We are a low-crime community;
The Cheyenne area ranks much lower than Casper and Natrona County.

BYLINE: Michael Van Cassell

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 440 words


By Michael Van Cassell

mcassell@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - An independent publishing company ranked the Cheyenne area as the
37th-lowest-crime community in the country in 2007.

CQ Press compiled the rankings using FBI crime statistics from communities
throughout the United States, separately ranking 338 metropolitan areas and 385
cities.

The Cheyenne metropolitan area was defined as all of Laramie County.

Casper and Natrona County came in at 140th, according to CQ Press.

In Colorado, the Denver-Aurora area came in at 182nd and Fort Collins-Loveland
area came in at 51st.

The community with the lowest crime rate in 2007 was Logan, Utah.

CQ Press used crimes reported in six of the FBI's seven categories per 100,000
inhabitants, including murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary and
motor vehicle theft.

The company discounted larcenies and thefts from the 2007 analysis because they
accounted for 58 percent of all reported crimes to the FBI.

Gerry Luce, spokesman for the Laramie County Sheriff's Department, said law
enforcement here enjoys a good working relationship with the residents of
Cheyenne and surrounding areas in the county.

Luce said it is a reminder of how valuable the

See Low crime, page A2

everyday average citizen is in fighting crime and keeping crime rates low.

"Law enforcement really keys on the assistance and help of the community and
citizens they serve," he said.

Cheyenne Police Lt. Mark Munari said Cheyenne truly is a safe community.

"We just don't have some of the things that the big cities have," Munari said.

As the population increases and changes, Munari said, so will the crime.

But criminologists have cautioned against comparing city-by-city crime rates,
and even the FBI itself has a warning against the practice on its statistics Web
site.

Some city residents didn't seem surprised by the ranking.

Lori Demello has lived in Cheyenne for 18 years.

"One of the reasons we live here is because it's a fairly safe place for our
kids," Demello said.

But as an emergency medical responder, Demello said she "sees the worst."

"Do we have a meth problem? Yes we do," Demello said.

She said Cheyenne is better off than most other communities.

Ann Olsen is originally from Colorado but moved here 33 years ago.

When visiting other communities, Olsen said she doesn't feel as safe. She
doesn't have to worry about walking down the street in Cheyenne.

"I feel very comfortable here," she said.

Andre Corriveau said there is drug-related crime that didn't exist when he moved
here in 1973.

Corriveau attributed the ranking to Cheyenne's population.

"They're not going to find many safer this size," he said of the community.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                               September 28, 2003

Murder By The Sea

BYLINE: Ilse Fredericks

SECTION: Crime, Law & Justice; Pg. 98

LENGTH: 701 words


& Murder By The Sea

Crime stats put northern Durban at the top of the list in

KwaZulu-Natal

ILSE FREDERICKS

& THE northern Durban policing region - which includes the

millionaires' playgrounds of La Lucia, Umhlanga and Ballito - is the most

murder-hit area in KwaZulu-Natal.  Of the 5 405 murders committed in the
province between April 2002 and March this year, a staggering 1 093 occurred
between the Durban suburb of Umbilo and KwaDukuza on the North Coast.  The
statistics, released this week by national Police Commissioner Jackie Selebi,
also show that 1 455 attempted murders, 457 culpable homicides, 8 670 robberies
with aggravating circumstances and 1 946 rapes took place in northern Durban.
The region includes Point, Berea, Durban Central, Newlands, Greenwood Park,
Phoenix, Glendale, KwaMashu, Inanda, Ndwedwe, Umhlali, Verulam, Tongaat and
Newark.  The southern Durban region recorded 1 070 murders - the second highest
in the province - followed by the Midlands (984), Umfolozi (813), Umzimkulu
(520), Uthukela (477) and Ulundi (448).  KwaMashu and Inanda were among 23 areas
in South Africa identified as murder hotspots. But Inspector Velaphi Zulu,
spokesman for the KwaMashu police, said crime had decreased over the past year.
Figures for the first three months of 2002 showed that 76 murders were reported
in KwaMashu, but the figure fell to 54 for the same period this year. "When we
are being compared with stations nationally, it looks bad. But our station has
worked hard to bring down crime and, looking at last year's figures, there is a
definite decrease," he said. "The township has a very high unemployment rate.
Youths are frustrated. They can't find work, but they also want money, just like
everybody else. Firearms are also a problem that we are working on. We now also
have 70 extra personnel and we are working on various other initiatives."
Northern Durban police spokesperson Superintendent Vasie Naidu said that while
the statistics showed that the area had recorded the highest number of murders,
the situation was not out of control.  "We are not disputing the figures and we
are addressing the problems. We have special task teams working on murder,
hijacking and other serious crime. Our intelligence department has grown and has
proven to be very effective," she said.  "We have community policing forums at
all our stations and we have recruited more reservists.  "We have a good success
rate. We solve almost 100% of cases of vigilantism and we also have a good
success rate in retrieving unlicensed fire-arms." Naidu said police were faced
with several problems.  "One of our problems is the withdrawal of cases. In many
cases, after statements have been taken, people withdraw the case." Police in
the northern Durban area received 1 654 125 calls from January to July this
year, of which 1 378 727 were hoax calls or false alarms.  Hema Hargovan, a
lecturer in criminology at the University of Durban-Westville, said the crime
statistics were not a true reflection of what was happening in South Africa.
"In order for crime stats to adequately reflect the extent of crime in this
country, both official and unofficial sources should be used, for example,
victimisation surveys conducted by NGOs." She said one of the reasons why the
murder rate in the province was so high was that many young adults had grown up
witnessing violence as an appropriate means of resolving conflict.  Celia
Dawson, provincial director of the National Institute for Crime Prevention and
Reintegration of Offenders (Nicro), said poverty and depravation were factors
contributing to crime. "There are many poor people in this province, as we have
a very high unemployment rate. There are not enough resources for the youth.
Many are dropping out of school, as they feel their education is pointless
because they will not find work after matric anyway.  "But others are turning to
crime because of peer pressure. We also need improved rehabilitation programmes
in our prisons." She was positive that crime would stabilise and decrease.  "We
have had many successes with the people in our programmes and I believe the
situation will definitely improve."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2003 Times Media Limited


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                     June 18, 2003 Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Hate crimes bill pushed;
 Kennedy, other senators, want legislation passed

BYLINE: Richard Nangle; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEW ENGLAND; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 431 words



U.S. Sen. Edward M. Kennedy is making another attempt to pass legislation to
help authorities investigate and prosecute hate crimes.

''Hate crimes are a violation of everything our country stands for. Like other
acts of terrorism, they have an impact far greater than that suffered by the
individual victims and their families,'' the Massachusetts Democrat said
yesterday in Washington, D.C. ''They send the poisonous message that some
Americans deserve to be attacked solely because of who they are.''

Mr. Kennedy spoke on the U.S. Senate grounds and was joined by Democratic
colleagues Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and Barbara Boxer of California
and Republican colleagues Gordon H. Smith of Oregon and Orrin G. Hatch of Utah.

The FBI recorded 9,700 hate crimes in the United States in 2001, Mr. Kennedy
said, adding that hate crimes against Arabs and Muslims increased following the
terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

Mr. Kennedy recalled the 2001 indictment of a man for murdering two female
hikers on the Appalachian Trail in the Shenandoah National Park in Virginia
because of their gender and sexual orientation. Had the murders taken place
elsewhere in Virginia, he said, federal authorities could not have assisted with
the investigation.

The bill, called the Local Law Enforcement Enhancement Act of 2003, would allow
the federal government to provide grants of up to $100,000 to state and local
law enforcement officials to offset any hate crime investigations that incur
extraordinary expenses.

''No member of society- no one- deserves to be the victim of a violent crime
because of their race, religion, ethnic background, gender, disability or sexual
orientation,'' Mr. Kennedy said.

Current hate crime law, he said, does not apply to crimes based on sexual
orientation, gender or disability. And in the cases of hate crimes based on
race, religion or ethnic background, the law contains restrictions requiring
proof victims were attacked because they were engaged in ''federally protected
activities'' such as jury duty or interstate travel, he said.

Last year, the Senate did not schedule a vote on a similar Kennedy-Smith hate
crimes initiative.

Judy Shepard, whose son Matthew was murdered five years ago in Wyoming in one of
the most famous hate crimes in recent U.S. history, said she was shocked that
meaningful legislation still has not been enacted.

She said her son was killed because his murderers somehow believed, ''that the
lives of gay people are not as worthy of respect, dignity and honor as the lives
of other people.''

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          December 18, 2002, Wednesday

It's Safe City, U.S.A. Crime decline gives New York edge over towns

BYLINE: By MICHELE McPHEE DAILY NEWS POLICE BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 688 words


You think crime is bad in New York? Try living in Provo.

As in Provo, Utah.

Or San Diego, Denver or Seattle - just to name a few of the 196 cities whose
crime rate per capita is worse than New York's.

"You might want to stop a cop in the street and say thank you," Mayor Bloomberg
said yesterday. "We are all safer because of the men and women of the NYPD."

The city has made great strides in its decade-long war against crime; the image
of New York as a dangerous, lawless place has all but disappeared.

Crimes in all major categories have sharply declined in the past 10 years - to
the point where the city's progress can be measured not just against itself, but
other cities.

Boston, San Diego, Los Angeles, Denver and Fort Worth, Tex., have seen crime
rates rise in the past year. In contrast, crime in New York has plummeted 6% -
to lows not seen since 1963.

As of Dec. 15, there were 548 murders in the city, a 12.3% drop from the 625
slayings during the same period in 2001.

Robberies, assaults, burglaries and grand larcenies also fell. The only major
crime category that spiked is rape, with a 4.9% increase in victims.

"When you want to be safe, come to New York City," said Bloomberg, flanked by
his public safety administrators. "Not only have we done more with less, we have
done quite well with less."

Gun violence, which had surged earlier this year, has leveled off. There were
1,800 people shot so far this year, only six more than for the same period in
2001, a less than 1% increase. In April, shootings were up nearly 25%.

Bloomberg praised the work of Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly, who has had to
deal with the looming threat of a potential terror attack and a slashed budget
that carved 2,000 cops from the force.

Fewer firearms

Kelly attributed the decline to a number of gun initiatives, including the
expansion of the NYPD's firearms investigation unit, an elite squad that has
taken 453 illegal guns off the streets this year.

Operation Gun Stop - a program that urged New Yorkers to turn in illegal gun
carriers - led to 273 arrests and the seizure of 193 weapons. Operation Cash for
Guns, where civilians could turn in weapons for $100, took in 1,787 firearms.

"You have to go back 40 years to have the city as safe as it is now," Kelly
said. "Mickey Mantle was in center field, [former Mayor] Bob Wagner was in this
building, and Hershey bars cost a nickel."

The NYPD is not the only city agency that did more with less. The Fire
Department - still reeling from the loss of 343 members in the Sept. 11, 2001,
attacks and a $98 million budget cut - cut response times and the number of
civilians killed in fires.

This year, 86 New Yorkers were killed in fires, a low not seen since 1921, when
there were 99.

Bloomberg also touted quality-of-life initiatives like Operation Clean Sweep,
which targeted panhandlers and squeegee men. More than 10,600 people have been
busted under the initiative.

"I personally am very proud," Bloomberg said. "We spend a lot of money to
protect this city and we get the value of that money."

GRAPHIC SAFEST CITIES Among cities with at least 100,000 population ( ranked
safest to least safe)City State     1 Simi Valley Calif.2 Thousand Oaks Calif.3
Amherst N.Y.4 Daly City Calif.5 Santa Clarita Calif.6 Sunnyvale Calif.7 Stamford
Conn.8 Huntington Beach Calif.9 Glendale Calif.10 Yonkers N.Y.City State 11
Sterling Heights Mich.12 Livonia Mich.13 Irvine Calif.14 Fremont Calif.15 El
Monte Calif.16 Ann Arbor Mich.17 Manchester N.H.18 Henderson Nev.19 Rancho
Cucamonga Calif.20 New York N.Y.Selected Local CitiesCity State 69 Paterson
N.J.87 Jersey City N.J.93 Elizabeth N.J.108 Waterbury Conn.111 Bridgeport
Conn.116 Newark N.J.118 Buffalo N.Y.121 Syracuse N.Y.Among the U.S. cities with
the largest populations, with the safest first:1. New York.2. San Diego.3. Los
Angeles.4. Philadelphia.5. Houston.6. San Antonio.7. Phoenix.8. Detroit.9.
Dallas.Chicago**Statistics for Chicago, the nation's third-largest city, were
not available because its rape statistics were not kept in accordance with
national guidelines.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mayor Bloomberg praises work of Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly (r.)
yesterday. ANDREW SAVULICH DAILY NEWS

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 6, 2002, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

This evening, Americans will take a night out of crime

BYLINE: Svetlana Kolchik

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 506 words

Pitch darkness will descend on Brooklyn Park, Minn., later than usual tonight as
crowds wave flashlights, sirens wail and fireworks burst over the sky in a joint
stab against crime.

In Chicago, more than 100 police and civilian cars will caravan through the
city's most dangerous drug-infested areas and high-crime spots.

In metro New Orleans, people will flock to 950 block gatherings to give crime "a
going-away party."


These are a few of thousands of community events set for today's National Night
Out Against Crime. People in almost 10,000 communities are expected to
participate.

The events have been a fixture for 19 years, but turnout could be unusually high
this year after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and a spate of high-profile child
abductions across the USA in the past few months, says Matt Peskin, executive
director of the National Association of Town Watch, the sponsor.

"People take their safety for granted until it's violated," Peskin says. After
the news broke last week that two girls had been kidnapped in California, the
registrations for Night Out participation "were coming in every five minutes."

Further, he says, "people felt isolated and helpless weeks after Sept. 11. But
then many of them realized how important their immediate surroundings are and
thought they should be more involved in their communities."

The number of neighborhood watch groups rose 15% this year to about 15,000,
Peskin says, boosting the total membership to as many as 8 million crime
-fighting volunteers.

Still, unlike the 1940s and 1950s, when neighbors often knew one another by name
and would look after houses in their immediate vicinity, home dwellers tend to
be more cut off today, experts say. While that affords more privacy, it makes
homes easier prey for criminals. That may be a factor in last year's 3.9% rise
in robbery, 3.1% rise in murder and 2.6% rise in burglary, a reversal of the
steady decline in crime over the past decade, recently released FBI data show.

To counter the pervasive fear of new terrorist attacks and child abductions,
parents and communities should join together to heighten their vigilance, crime
-prevention experts say. Many Night Out events will teach people how to protect
their homes and offer child safety tips.



Safetyville, USA

The National Night Out is a convenient way for people to get to know neighbors
and local police officers. It's also an opportunity to get tips on how to keep
children safe. A sample of events:

* Minneapolis, Minn. 15,000 child identification kits (fingerprints and photo)
will be distributed at block parties.

* Palmdale, Calif. "Stranger Danger" Q&A session for kids at Poncitlan Square.

* South Bend, Ind. Safetyville/DARE unit events with child safety information.

* Hagerstown, Md. National Child ID Inkless Fingerprint Kits. Police will record
kids' weight and height.

More information about National Night Out can be found at
www.nationalnightout.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 06, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                October 17, 1998

From the comment pages: Crime falls, but no-one agrees why

SECTION: The Guardian Editor Page; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 399 words


HERE we go again,' wrote Stephen Pollard in the Express. 'The release of twin
sets of crime figures - the police's own statistics and the more broadly based
British Crime Survey - has prompted yet another Mrs Merton-style 'heated
debate'.' Both reports reached the same conclusion - that crime in England and
Wales is falling. The British Crime Survey, which records both reported and
unreported crime, revealed a 14 per cent drop for most offences, with a sharp
fall in car thefts - down by 25 per cent - and a 17 per cent drop in violent
crime. Yet just days before the release of these statistics, a report from the
US Bureau of Justice, comparing British and American crime rates, concluded that
people are now more likely to be mugged in London than New York, and that the US
has higher conviction rates than the UK.

'Criminologists of the Left are having a bad week,' said the Daily Telegraph.
'The crime figures were as emphatic in their endorsement of policies associated
with the former Tory home secretary Michael Howard as anything can ever be in
politics.' Not only that, the paper said, but the report from America, where the
benefits of 'zero tolerance' are now evident, shows an 'exact correlation
between greater incarceration and fewer offences.' In other words: prison works.

The Daily Mail agreed but, despite what others called a 'dramatic' drop in
crime, still felt Britain was in a bad state. 'In the US, zero tolerance means
real action,' wrote Leo McKinstry. 'Here, it remains little more than a piece of
political rhetoric. . .While we wring our hands about the conditions of our
prisons, the chain gang makes its return in Alabama.' In the Times, Nick Ross,
presenter of Crimewatch UK, called on the Government to set national crime
targets, accusing it of only 'half-heartedly' tackling crime.

The Guardian argued that, however much it may look as if crime is down, because
the prison population is up, that is still not the case. As ever, 'the real
deterrence to criminal activity is not the severity of the penalty, but the risk
of being caught'. Detection, not longer sentences, is the best deterrence, and
also explains why UK crime rates now exceed US ones: 'Burglary conviction rates
in the US are over twice as high as in the UK. Just another reason to sort out
(our) criminal-prosecution process under which so many cases get dropped.'


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 24, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

Maryland Doesn't Need One-Armed Bandits

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. C08; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 340 words


Listening to some political leaders and business interests, one might think
there is just one answer to every budget need in Maryland: slot machines.

Need more money for education? Slots.

Need money to aid the horse-racing industry? Slots.

The temptation to allow slots into the state is almost as strong as the lure of
the lever of the slot machine itself. That's why the gambling industry spent
nearly $ 1 million last year on lobbyists in Annapolis.

Putting slot machines at the tracks will effectively turn them into casinos. One
bill proposed last year would have allowed as many as 2,500 slot machines at
each of Maryland's tracks and satellite simulcast facilities. That bill
authorized a total of 17,500 slot machines. Before lawmakers outlawed slots in
1968 because of their corrupting influence, Southern Maryland was known as
"Little Nevada" -- but back then the entire state had only 5,279 slot machines.

Before lawmakers are seduced by the promises of the gambling industry, they
should realize that increased gambling brings increased crime.

As Attorney General Joe Curran warned after some extensive study, expanding
legalized gambling would result in "more violent crime, more crimes against
property, more insurance fraud, more white-collar crime, more juvenile crime,
more drug and alcohol-related crime, more domestic violence and child abuse and
more organized crime."

The economic boom casino interests promise is illusory. As more and more states
expand gambling activities, competition for the gambling dollar intensifies.
Every dollar that is spent on gambling is not spent somewhere else. This means
other businesses will be hurt, especially restaurants.

Slots at the tracks would reduce horse racing to a minor sideshow that few
people would give a passing glance as they instead fixate on gambling's most
addictive gimmick.

We do not need slots, not for the horse-racing industry and not for education.
We can find a better way.

-- Parris N. Glendening

is governor of Maryland.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 7, 2008 Sunday

Bakersfield has more property crime than many larger cities

BYLINE: Jorge Barrientos, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


Dec. 7--You might think bigger cities like Fresno, Los Angeles and even New York
City have more property crime than Bakersfield.

You would be wrong.

The latest FBI statistics show Bakersfield has more property crime per person
than all of those cities.

Police say they don't know exactly why Bakersfield has so much property crime.
And they say there isn't much they can do about it.

Instead, they say residents need to do more to keep from enticing criminals.

Property crimes include burglaries, larcenies and lots of vehicle theft.

In Bakersfield the number of property crimes are 177 percent higher than New
York City, when you adjust for population size. We're 92 percent higher than Los
Angeles and 13 percent higher than Fresno.

But smaller cities than Bakersfield, including Modesto and Stockton, are higher
and among the highest in the state for the crimes. Modesto sees 15 percent more
property crimes than Bakersfield, and Stockton 25 percent more.

Police here said they report every property crime, which could explain why
Bakersfield's numbers are so high. However, other police department's contacted
for this report, including Stockton and Los Angeles, said they also report every
property crime, no matter how big or small.

Stan Goldman, a criminal law expert at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, said
some communities sometimes see higher crime rates because of socioeconomic
difficulties -- high unemployment rates or large low income populations, for
example.

That doesn't seem to account entirely for the differences, however. A
Californian analysis comparing Census poverty and income levels with property
crime levels in various cities showed no correlation.

Criminology expert Malcolm Klein at the University of Southern California said
each city has to be analyzed independently. Some big cities have large areas
with little crime, which skews statistics. In contrast, some smaller populated
cities can see more crimes.

"The so-called bigger cities are made up of a lot of Bakersfields," Klein said.
"Some divisions are considerably better off than others."

Sgt. Greg Terry with Bakersfield Police said an explanation could come from
variables that cannot be measured. For example, it's possible more people report
property crimes in some cities than others. For instance, high numbers of stolen
bike reports doesn't necessarily mean more bikes are being stolen, but that more
people are reporting them, he said.

"There are so many unknowns and immeasurable," Terry said.

There is good news, however, police said. Property crimes in Bakersfield have
declined slightly in the past two years even though the population here has
risen, statistics show. That's thanks in part to community involvement and
participation with police, Terry said.

"We are hopeful that the trend will continue."

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081207-BK-Bakersfield-has-more-property-crime
-than-many-larger-cities-1207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2008 The Bakersfield Californian


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 24, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. Echoes Earlier Report Of Decrease In Crime Rate

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 23


For the second time in two weeks, the Clinton Administration has announced that
the streets are getting safer in all regions of the country.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation said today that murders and robberies
declined 9 percent each from January to July compared with the first six months
of 1996.

President Clinton issued the statement: "It's no accident. With community police
at the center of our efforts, we have worked to give communities the tools they
need to rid their neighborhoods of gangs, guns and drugs."

The decrease was perhaps most dramatic in New York City, where serious crime
fell at a rate two and a half times the national average in the first six months
of this year, and homicide dropped 61 percent in the last four years, city
officials said yesterday.  Page B3.

The preliminary figures from the Uniform Crime Reporting Program, culled from
the nation's law-enforcement agencies, also showed drops in motor vehicle theft,
aggravated assault, arson and burglary.

Over all, violent crime decreased 5 percent, and property crime was down 4
percent, according to the latest figures.

Crime fell faster in the big cities, the F.B.I. said. All the nation's cities
showed a decline in serious crime for the six-month period, with cities of more
than 250,000 population recording an average decline of 6 percent. Suburban
areas saw a 3 percent drop, rural areas 1 percent.

A week ago, a separate survey from the Justice Department showed that violent
crime dropped 10 percent below the previous year. The most significant drop of
17.6 percent was in rapes and sexual assaults, according to the National Crime
Victimization Survey, which is conducted by the Bureau of Justice Statistics.

The latest figures show that the Northeast had the largest decrease in serious
crime -- 6 percent -- followed by 5 percent in the Midwest and West and 3
percent in the South. All the figures are compared with those of the first half
of last year.

In New York State, violent crime decreased by 9.6 percent from January through
June of this year, according to the F.B.I. statistics. That was nearly double
the 5 percent national reduction.




LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 3, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

July 27-August 2;
Politicians Dine on the Crime Dip

BYLINE: By DAVID JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section 4; Page 2; Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 235 words


Politicians from President Clinton to Mayor Rudolph W. Guiliani of New York have
patted themselves on the back as Federal crime reports show that the rates of
most violent crimes, like murder, are falling to their lowest levels since the
early 1960's.

Now Mayor Marion S. Barry Jr. of Washington, whose city has the reputation as a
murder capital, says Washington is "as safe or safer" than Topeka, Kan. Last
week Washington police officials reported that 149 people were slain in the
first half of 1997, a 25 percent decline from 1996's midyear toll. Washington
still has a higher murder rate than many other cities (like Topeka, which had 17
murders in 1996), but its drop is comparable to the decrease in homicides in New
York, where murders fell by 30 percent in the first half of this year.

Political leaders have been quick to take credit for the falling crime rate,
saying it is the result of community-based policing, tougher prison sentences
and stricter gun laws. But many criminologists find the crime drop a bit
mysterious, involving not only local policies but a booming economy, a decline
in warfare between drug-trafficking gangs and the aging of baby boomers who are
growing out of their crime-prone years. And some predict the drop may be
short-lived. Why? The number of people in their teenage years will grow by one
percent each year over the next decade.   DAVID JOHNSTON

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Murder Decline" shows total reported murders in New York and in
Washington, in the first half of 1996 and 1997. (Source: Federal Bureau of
Investigation)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 2, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

On My Mind;
Pudgy On Crime

BYLINE: By A. M. ROSENTHAL

SECTION: Section A;  Page 25;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 719 words


Everybody in America is tough on crime. Parents, teachers, cops, judges, rich
people, poor people, ditch diggers, brain surgeons -- just ask them.

So, listen: How come there is so much crime in America? How is it that we no
longer possess our basic civil liberty from which all others flow -- freedom to
walk our streets without fear?

Squirm duck, run -- there is no hiding place from the answer. We Americans are
not tough on crime at all. We are pudgily soft, with great rolls of fat hanging
from our bellies and brains.

All we are is tough about selected crimes or some of the conditions that create
crime -- and only when action does not interfere with our own self-interest,
comfort, desires and particularly with our own rigidities of intellect, if that
is the word.

Here is a story. Across America youngsters are carrying guns to high school.
About 135,000 of the little darlings do that every day. I am not talking about
big nasty cities like New York or Washington D.C. but places like Kings
Mountain, N.C., Corpus Christi, Tex., and Eugene, Ore.

Guns are legal in some of those down-home places and are as important to the
spirit of manhood as testicles, maybe more, because they display the guns for
everybody to admire.

But taking guns to school does not fit Federal guidelines for high school
safety. So some principals have taken action in schools where the kids like to
park their handguns and sawed-off rifles in lockers. They know they do not have
to go through the metal detectors that are almost as important as football teams
to American secondary education.

Bill Celis, a New York Times reporter, writes that when Jim Ford, principal of a
Eugene high school, took out the lockers, parents who should have been clouting
their young gun-toters across their pistol-packing ears instead denounced the
principal.

They said the kids would get hunchback from having to carry books to high school
every day. I mean, how cruel can a principal be?

Other parents complain that when principals do their duty and expel gun-toting
students, the little folk will have nothing to do but hang around the streets.

Apparently it never occurs to anybody that gun-carrying scholars should be sent
to a nice reform school where they might learn to study despite locker
deprivation.

Tough? All most Americans do about crime or potential crime -- those high school
guns have been known to go off and kill people -- is to select one or two anti-
crime pills and reject the total cure.

President Clinton had to use every ounce of his political power to get the first
Congressional bill that takes a package approach to fighting crime -- more
police and prisons, anti-drug therapy and neighborhood effort.

But the concept of a total anti-crime struggle has not yet taken hold in our
collective minds.

Like it or not, the list starts with effective punishment, which means swift and
hard. Swift involves re-thinking the judicial system that allows endless delays.
Hard means looking at the parole system to make sure it has enough probation
officers to supervise criminals released early.

Gun control. If you want to kill duck and deer go right ahead -- with a
registered gun. But tell your kids that if they are big enough to sneak any guns
into school they are big enough to go to jail for it.

Toughness means mandating not only prisons for addicted criminals but also the
kind of strict long-term, compulsory physical and mental group therapy that
governors like Ann Richards of Texas and Mario Cuomo of New York are ordering.
The rule should be: No therapy, no parole.

Real anti-crime toughness means working everlastingly at the connection between
poverty and crime. Poverty is not itself the root cause of crime. I walked often
at night through Calcutta with never a tremor.

But crime is created importantly by the "concentration in disorderly
neighborhoods of people at risk of failing" and the refusal of America to keep
hunting for ways out, for the residents, particularly the children. James Q.
Wilson, the sociologist, writes that in Commentary.

Unless Americans put their minds to that and to the rest of the anti-crime list,
we have no right to call ourselves tough on crime. We are just sitting there,
soft and pudgy, with the rolls of fat around our bellies and brains.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 8, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE MOBSTERS WHO LURK BEHIND THE CORPORATE VEIL

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 3; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Without using names, James M. Kossler, a supervisor in the New York office of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation, recalled some time ago a man who entered
the refuse business in New York State, mortgaging his home to buy a few garbage
trucks. Before long, sugar was found in the gas tanks, Mr. Kossler said. Then
someone tried to blow up a truck. One afternoon the phone rang, and a gruff
voice described what the man's 10-year-old daughter was wearing that day. The
voice warned that if the trucks were not sold, the girl would disappear. The
business was shut down within hours.

Mr. Kossler, who was testifying two years ago before President Reagan's
Commission on Organized Crime, said mobsters had entered the refuse business in
the state, and that extortion was used to limit competition.

Prosecutors say organized crime has continued to raise its stake in the refuse
industry and in hundreds of other apparently legitimate businesses around the
nation, from air freight to funeral homes. The Mafia has always played a role in
legitimate commerce, but its involvement has never been so pervasive, they say.
The President's commission charged earlier this year that organized crime
''controls entire industries in some areas of the country.'' A commission report
later this month is expected to provide the details of that accusation and blame
law-enforcement officials for failing to stem the Mafia's multibillion-dollar
investment in business.

The extent of that infiltration - often helped by ties to unions, the F.B.I.
says - has been the central issue during a series of trials now under way in New
York, Boston and Kansas City. Dozens of defendants are being prosecuted in what
prosecutors contend is history's largest crackdown on organized crime.

In Kansas City, a man who was once an organized-crime leader in Cleveland
testified last week that reputed mobsters had paid $1,500 a week to William
Presser, the father of Jackie Presser, a former leader of the International
Brotherhood of Teamsters, after the union approved a 1974 loan to a company
seeking to buy two Las Vegas casinos. Eight men are on trial, charged with
helping the company obtain union loans in a conspiracy to gain control of the
casinos, then illegally skim millions of dollars in gambling profits. Cases in
New York City involve numerous people, including the purported leaders of five
organized-crime ''families,'' who have been charged with murder and narcotics
trafficking, among other things. In Boston, reputed crime leaders are on trial
for a similar array of allegations after what has been depicted as the largest
investigation of its kind in New England.

Some law-enforcement officials say they have been stunned at what they have
learned about criminal involvement in supposedly legitimate businesses. Edward
A. McDonald, who leads the Justice Department's Organized Crime Strike Force in
Brooklyn, said he has found Mafia figures working in the air-freight industry at
Kennedy International Airport, and his office has prosecuted other reputed
mobsters in the moving business. According to the Justice Department, organized
crime has moved heavily into gasoline distribution. ''If the American public
realized the enormous impact that organized crime was having on these
industries, I think they'd be shocked,'' Mr. McDonald said.

Through a series of court rulings, prosecutors have been able to use a Federal
law to help lift the curtain on organized crime's participation in business. The
law, the Racketeer-Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO, makes it a
crime to conduct an ''enterprise'' through racketeering.

In February, the Justice Department used the act to indict what it calls ''the
Commission,'' the five purported leaders of New York's crime factions. The
defendants were charged with, among other things, extorting $1.4 million from
legitimate concrete contractors. Oliver B. Revell, the F.B.I.'s executive
assistant director of investigations, said the trial ''is going to show the
domination of the upper hierarchy of organized crime over a number of businesses
and enterprises and labor activities.''

Prosecutors say other developments have helped in the Mafia crackdown: wider use
of electronic surveillance during the Reagan Administration; the entry of the
F.B.I. into the war against international drug trafficking, and better
coordination with Italy's anti-Mafia efforts. Some groups have complained that
civil rights have been sacrificed in the rush to prosecute. The New York Civil
Liberties Union, for example, has criticized the use of anonymous juries.
Prosecutors say the jurors are allowed anonymity because of concern for their
safety, but the civil-liberties group says it sends a message that the
defendants are dangerous.

Law-enforcement officials say they have been hampered by the willingness of some
companies to work with people who have ties to organized crime. Continental
Group Inc., a multibillion-dollar packaging, forest products and energy company,
acknowledged earlier this year that it had done business with labor-leasing
companies controlled by associates of a convicted racketeer. At a hearing before
the President's commission, a Continental executive, R. Philip Silver, said his
company had continued its relationship with the labor concerns even after the
racketeer was found guilty in 1981 on fraud charges.

''With the advantage of hindsight,'' said Mr. Silver, who took his job in 1983
and recalled having learned of the connection to the racketeer only this year,
Continental Group ''should have disengaged more promptly.''

His comments drew a stinging response from the commission's chairman, Judge
Irving R. Kaufman: ''One is hard-pressed to understand why hindsight is
necessary in so many instances, or why business enterprises have permitted
organized criminals to become silent partners.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday

Lower crime rate boon for state, US

SECTION: A; Pg.14

LENGTH: 489  words


One of the great underreported stories - both because it's good news, and
because it baffles many experts - is that crime has been going down steadily
across American for two decades. The decline accelerated, if anything, when the
recession started, puzzling social scientists who had preached for years that
lawbreaking was a rational response to economic hardship.

The trend may be even stronger in Maryland. Gov. Martin O'Malley's
administration announced last week that in 2011 homicides, violent crime and
property crime in Maryland plunged to their lowest levels since 1975, when the
Uniform Crime Reporting program started. Crime rates are also down in Anne
Arundel County and the City of Annapolis.

There seem to be as many theories about this as there are social scientists. As
The Economist magazine noted recently, explanations trotted out include the
overall aging of the population, America's unusually high incarceration rate,
rising immigration (contrary to mythology, studies indicate that cities with
large immigrant populations have lower rates of violent crime), the increased
prescription of psychiatric drugs, and even lower lead levels in the young
(because of the ban on lead in gasoline).

But we think a lot of it comes from better, smarter policing from more
professional departments that make sophisticated use of number-crunching
computers to spot trends and allocate personnel.

In any case, this is great news, and our thanks go to this state's dedicated law
enforcement personnel.

Spells checked

When you talk about limitless resources, sunlight and wind take a back seat to
human credulity. There's no end to it, and it's no surprise that eBay was making
money from it. What's surprising is that the online auctioneer decided last
month to call it quits.

Last month, The Wall Street Journal reported, eBay announced it was banning
online sales of "metaphysical" goods, an evidently thriving market that included
spells, potions, psychic services, tarot-card readings and other essentials of
modern life, circa 1250. "The San Jose, Calif., company," reported Greg
Bensinger, "says handling complaints was a problem when, for example, customers
didn't win the lottery after buying a spell that promised them they would, or
didn't turn into werewolves after imbibing a potion that guaranteed a
transformation."

Yes, this would be a headache. But how do customers know they didn't win the
lottery - but the winning ticket is just stuck in another astral plane? And how
do they know they didn't turn into werewolves? Most werewolves don't remember
their transformation afterward, do they? On days after a full moon, have these
gripers checked carefully for telltale signs such as indigestion, torn clothing
and missing neighbors?

We find it remarkable that none of the many psychics seem to have foreseen
eBay's decision. And we're looking forward to the scathing letter signed by H.
Granger, R. Weasley and H. Potter.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday
                             Politifact.com Edition

WAYNE LAPIERRE SAID THAT VIOLENT CRIME IN JURISDICTIONS THAT RECOGNIZE THE
'RIGHT TO CARRY' IS LOWER THAN IN AREAS THAT PREVENT IT.

BYLINE: ANGIE DROBNIC HOLAN

SECTION: POLITIFACT

LENGTH: 1393 words


"Across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to
Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it."

National Rifle Association on Thursday, February 10th, 2011 in a speech by Wayne
LaPierre at the Conservative Political Action Conference

* * *

THE RULING: FALSE

Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association delivered a stirring defense of
gun ownership at the Conservative Political Action Conference in the wake of the
mass shooting in Arizona.

"It's time to acknowledge what we know in our hearts to be true -- that the best
way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun," he said. "Just
knowing there's a good guy with a gun around -- a cop, a guard, a soldier É and,
yes, a law-abiding citizen with a gun -- makes us feel safer É because we are
safer."

LaPierre said it was time for a national "right to carry" law, a measure that
many states already have adopted. Generally speaking, it means that law-abiding
citizens have the "right to carry" guns as they go about their daily business.
(There are typically a few exceptions, such as in government buildings and
schools.)

"Right now, in the United States, 7 million law-abiding Americans legally carry
a concealed firearm, 7 million in almost every state in the country," he said.
"And across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right
to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it. The whole flock is safer when
the wolves can't tell the difference between the lions and the lambs."

It's a matter of opinion whether a national "right to carry" law is a good idea,
but we were interested in his statement that "violent crime in jurisdictions
that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it." So we
decided to check it out.

We contacted the NRA and asked them about the statement, but we didn't hear
back. We decided to begin with information from the NRA website, which claims
that 40 states have "right to carry" laws, while 10 restrict it.

We should note that opinions may differ on whether a state has a "right to
carry" law or not. The NRA says a state has a "right to carry" law if permits to
carry are issued to applicants who meet uniform standards established by the
state legislature. If state officials have the discretion to refuse individual
applicants, then in the NRA's view, they're not "right to carry" states. The NRA
identifies 10 states as lacking "right to carry" laws: California, Delaware,
Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island,
and Wisconsin.

We next turned to the FBI's crime statistics, looking particularly at the
violent crime rate. This is a statistic that counts violent crimes per 100,000
inhabitants. We should note that the FBI warns people not to create ratings from
these statistics, saying that rankings "provide no insight into the numerous
variables that mold crime in a particular town, city, county, state, or region."
We went ahead and created a state ranking anyway, knowing that it wouldn't
necessarily establish a causal link between "right to carry" laws and a lower
crime rate. At this point, we simply wanted to see if the statistics were
consistent with what LaPierre said.

We found the the states without "right to carry" were spread out across the
list, not bunched together at the top. The District of Columbia, which has
strict gun control laws, ranked highest for violent crime. The other states
ranked as follows: Delaware, No. 5; Maryland, No. 10; Illinois, No. 13;
California, No. 17; Massachusetts, No. 18; New York, No. 24; New Jersey, No. 30;
Hawaii, No. 36; Wisconsin, No. 39, and Rhode Island, No. 42.

We also couldn't help noticing that some states with laws that favor gun
ownership placed at different points along the list. The Brady Campaign to
Prevent Gun Violence rates state gun laws, so we looked at the 14 states that
had the weakest gun laws. Here, we also saw a wide variation in where the states
ranked in terms of violent crime: Alaska, No. 6; Louisiana, No. 7; New Mexico,
No. 8; Arkansas, No. 11; Oklahoma, No. 12; Missouri, No. 15; Arizona, No. 21;
West Virginia, No. 32; Kentucky, No. 38; Montana, No. 41; Idaho, No. 44; Utah,
No. 47; North Dakota, No. 48, and South Dakota, No. 49.

So using the 2009 data, we don't see any evidence that state gun laws correlate
with violent crime rates one way or the other, at least not "across the board"
as LaPierre suggested in his speech.

Still, there's a more in-depth way to study violent crime rates, using many sets
of data over multiple years and controlling for external factors. The book More
Guns, Less Crime, by John R. Lott, first published in 1998, makes a case that by
using extensive data sets, one can see clear reductions in crime over many years
in states and counties that have "right to carry" laws, and he has continued to
make that case in new editions of the book. But Lott's work has also been
critiqued as flawed by other academics, who say that relatively small
adjustments to the data sets yield different results or that Lott doesn't
account for other factors that could be affecting crime rates.

The National Academies of Sciences concluded in 2005 that current data do not
allow for firm conclusions about how "right to carry" laws affect crime. We
think it's worth quoting the conclusion from Firearms and Violence: A Critical
Review:

"The literature on right-to-carry laws summarized in this chapter has obtained
conflicting estimates of their effects on crime ... No link between
right-to-carry laws and changes in crime is apparent in the raw data, even in
the initial sample; it is only once numerous covariates are included that the
negative results in the early data emerge. While the trend models show a
reduction in the crime growth rate following the adoption of right-to-carry
laws, these trend reductions occur long after law adoption, casting serious
doubt on the proposition that the trend models estimated in the literature
reflect effects of the law change. Finally, some of the point estimates are
imprecise. Thus, the committee concludes that with the current evidence it is
not possible to determine that there is a causal link between the passage of
right-to-carry laws and crime rates."

Getting back to our rating. LaPierre said, "Across the board, violent crime in
jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that
prevent it." LaPierre could have used a qualifier here about studies that
control for various effects, but he didn't: He said flat out that violent crime
is lower in areas with "right to carry." We do not find that current crime
statistics support this point. Some academics have said trends over time show
that "right to carry" laws lower crime rates, but that argument is contested.
There's certainly not straight-line correlation between states with "right to
carry" laws and crime rates. LaPierre made it sound like the data clearly
supported his view. They don't. We rate his statement False.

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Wednesday, February 16th, 2011 at 9:11 a.m.

Subjects: Crime, Guns

Sources: National Rifle Association, Wayne LaPierre's remarks at CPAC, Feb. 10,
2011; NRA-ILA, Right to Carry 2010, April 22, 2010; NRA-ILA, The National
Right-to-Carry Reciprocity Bill, Jan. 12, 2009; The Legal Community Against
Violence, Carrying Concealed Weapons, February 2008; The Legal Community Against
Violence, Recent Developments in Federal & State Law (by Firearms Policy):
Carrying Firearms; U.s. Department of Justice, FBI crime statistics, 2009, and a
PolitiFact analysis of the statistics; Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence,
Brady Campaign State Scorecards: Most States Have Weak Gun Laws, Feb. 18, 2010;
More Guns, Less Crime: Understanding Crime and Gun Control Laws, by John R.
Lott, 2010; Stanford Law Review, "Shooting Down the 'More Guns, Less Crime,"
Hypothesis, by Ian Ayres & John J. Donohue III; Journal of Economic Studies,
Understanding Why Crime Fell in the 1990s: Four Factors that Explain the Decline
and Six that Do Not, by Steven D. Levitt, Winter 2004; Regulation, Torturing the
Data? (A review of More Guns, Less Crime, 3rd edition), by Stan J. Liebowitz,
Winter 2010; The National Academies, Firearms and Violence: A Critical Review
and its conclusions on right to carry laws, 2005

Researched by: Angie Drobnic Holan

Edited by: Martha Hamilton

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           February 17, 2007 Saturday

Surge in crime puzzles experts

BYLINE: By Betsy Mason and Cassandra BraunMEDIANEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 863 words


A baffling drop in crime rates nationwide in the 1990s has researchers grasping
for answers to explain a recent surge in violent crime in some U.S. cities,
including Oakland and Richmond.

The usual suspects often linked to falling crime rates -- economic growth,
increased imprisonment rates, access to legal abortions and aggressive police
activity -- seem to match the

40 percent drop in homicides and robberies between 1993 and 2000 in some cities
and countries, but not in other places.

This leaves criminologists short of good predictive indicators for crime rates.

In fact, nobody predicted the crime bust. Most forecasts were for a dangerous
crime wave caused by a swelling youth population.

"We have the lousiest set of crystal balls in the social sciences," said
University of California, Berkeley, criminologist Franklin Zimring, who
presented his research at the annual American Association for the Advancement of
Science meeting on Friday.

"Our predictive tools by and large stink," he said.

Reasons behind the recent rise in crime in some East Bay cities are just as
elusive.

While most large cities experiencing more violent crime lately are in the
Midwest, Oakland had the largest surge in homicides. In the first half of 2006,
the most recent period with available statistics, Oakland had 66 homicides, far
above the 37 in the first half of 2005.

"That's a 78 percent increase, which is astonishingly large," said Alfred
Blumstein, operations researcher at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University.

He said it is too soon to say whether the rise is the start of a new wave of
violent crime. The fact that the national homicide rate rose by a modest 2.5
percent in 2005 may be a sign the surge in Oakland and other cities is more of a
blip than a trend.

The surge is especially surprising at a time when, unlike many Midwestern cities
with rising crime, the Bay Area's economy is stable, imprisonment rates are flat
and the number of young people is low. Crime did not jump in some cities, such
as San Jose and San Francisco.

Richmond has seen a slow, but steady rise in homicides since 2001, which
officials are equally at a loss to explain.

The city has long been on the shortlist of most dangerous cities, but even
Richmond saw crime rates fall in the 1990s said city crime analyst Perry Austin.

Homicides peaked at 61 in in 1991, with roughly one every six days. It dropped
the next year to 46. The city's lowest rates were in 1998 and 2001, with 18 a
year.

Authorities don't know how to explain the city's crime trough of the late'90s,
but they have a clearer theory on the city's peak of violence before the
decline.

In the mid-to-late'80s, police jailed the city's drug kingpins, leaving a vacuum
for street-level drug dealers to fill. Once the crack epidemic hit, street
dealers had more access to bigger guns and more at stake to defend turf.

Similar forces are believed to be the main cause of a sharp U.S. rise in crime
in the 1980s. A major effort to jail crack dealers left a void filled by younger
criminals with guns and less self-restraint.

Much of the escalating crime involved young African-American men, guns and
drugs. Between 1985 and 1993, murder rates tripled among 15-year-olds and
doubled among people under 20. At the same time, gun use in homicides grew five
times for people age 18 and under.

Violent U.S. crime began an unprecedented drop in 1993. It was extra dramatic in
New York City, with a 75 percent drop in 1991 to 2004.

Politicians and police chiefs alike have tried to take credit for cutting crime,
but other places, such as Canada, which saw a crime drop similar to that of the
U.S., didn't experience any of the forces put forth as reasons for drops in New
York and the rest of the country.

While the U.S. put a million more people behind bars, Canada's numbers fell. The
number of U.S. police rose, and Canada's fell. The U.S. economy boomed while
Canada's fluctuated.

The two countries share some demographic trends, but similar trends weren't
accompanied by a reduction in crime in the 1980s.

The picture is cloudy for Richmond too, Austin said.

"We can look at broad base things like economics, opportunities and education,
but then you see a lot of people who don't buy into the culture."

Even if there were jobs for young Richmond adults, it would be hard to enter the
work force with a criminal record, much less no resume.

"Some of these people have never worked. Some people are almost 30 and list
'Never worked' when they're jailed. I mean, you can't list 'street-level drug
runner.'"

Despite not knowing why crime rates are changing, there is reason for optimism,
Zimring said. Nothing major changed in New York during its crime drop years,
which means it doesn't take wholesale change to make a major impact on crime.

"If New York City can do it, so can other cities," he said. "The problem is, we
don't have the detailed recipe."

One way to find some of the ingredients would be to experiment. Richmond would
be ideal for that because it is a rare small city with a life-threatening
environment.

"If you wanted to spend $75 million to turn a police department upside down and
evaluate the consequences, you could do it there," Zimring said.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              June 17, 2005 Friday

Local Angle: Vancouver ninth among large cities

BYLINE: JOHN BRANTON, Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY/REGION; Pg. c2

LENGTH: 332 words


Here's some good news for Vancouver residents: Out of Washington's 10 largest
cities, Vancouver ranked ninth in the number of crimes per 1,000 residents in
2004.

Vancouver's overall crime rate of 59.5 was lower than that of Spokane, Tacoma,
Yakima, Bellingham, Seattle, Everett, Federal Way and Kent.

Only affluent Bellevue had a crime rate lower than Vancouver's: 43.5, according
to preliminary 2004 totals that each police agency reports to the Washington
Association of Sheriffs & Police Chiefs in Lacey.

Comparing last year to 2003, Vancouver's overall crime rate fell from 62.4 to
59.5 and its rate of violent crimes fell from 4.3 to 4.2.

A notable exception to the trend was murders in Vancouver, which increased from
two in 2003 to nine last year. There also was a 5.7 percent increase in
aggravated assault.

But there were declines in the other two violent crimes: rape and robbery.

Vancouver's rate of property crimes fell from 58.1 to 55.3 per 1,000 residents.
The total number of arsons increased from 33 to 44, but the rates fell for
burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft.

Among unincorporated areas in the nine most populous counties in Washington, the
area served by the Clark County Sheriff's Office placed fifth, with an overall
crime rate of 30.4.

Mirroring the city of Spokane's highest crime rate among the largest cities, the
area covered by the Spokane County Sheriff's Office and Spokane Valley Police
Department, whose totals were combined, had the highest overall crime rate among
counties, 42.7.

Clark County's rate was lower than in Spokane, Pierce, Yakima and King counties.
Counties with rates lower than Clark County's were Kitsap, Snohomish, Thurston
and Whatcom.

The overall crime rate in the area covered by the Clark County Sheriff's Office
fell from 32.5 in 2003 to 30.4 last year. The violent crime rate stayed the
same.

The property crime rate fell from 31.0 to 28.9. Declines in arson, burglary and
larceny were reported, but vehicle thefts climbed from 683 to 694.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              June 17, 2005 Friday

Local Angle: Vancouver ninth among large cities

BYLINE: JOHN BRANTON, Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY/REGION; Pg. c2

LENGTH: 332 words


Here's some good news for Vancouver residents: Out of Washington's 10 largest
cities, Vancouver ranked ninth in the number of crimes per 1,000 residents in
2004.

Vancouver's overall crime rate of 59.5 was lower than that of Spokane, Tacoma,
Yakima, Bellingham, Seattle, Everett, Federal Way and Kent.

Only affluent Bellevue had a crime rate lower than Vancouver's: 43.5, according
to preliminary 2004 totals that each police agency reports to the Washington
Association of Sheriffs & Police Chiefs in Lacey.

Comparing last year to 2003, Vancouver's overall crime rate fell from 62.4 to
59.5 and its rate of violent crimes fell from 4.3 to 4.2.

A notable exception to the trend was murders in Vancouver, which increased from
two in 2003 to nine last year. There also was a 5.7 percent increase in
aggravated assault.

But there were declines in the other two violent crimes: rape and robbery.

Vancouver's rate of property crimes fell from 58.1 to 55.3 per 1,000 residents.
The total number of arsons increased from 33 to 44, but the rates fell for
burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft.

Among unincorporated areas in the nine most populous counties in Washington, the
area served by the Clark County Sheriff's Office placed fifth, with an overall
crime rate of 30.4.

Mirroring the city of Spokane's highest crime rate among the largest cities, the
area covered by the Spokane County Sheriff's Office and Spokane Valley Police
Department, whose totals were combined, had the highest overall crime rate among
counties, 42.7.

Clark County's rate was lower than in Spokane, Pierce, Yakima and King counties.
Counties with rates lower than Clark County's were Kitsap, Snohomish, Thurston
and Whatcom.

The overall crime rate in the area covered by the Clark County Sheriff's Office
fell from 32.5 in 2003 to 30.4 last year. The violent crime rate stayed the
same.

The property crime rate fell from 31.0 to 28.9. Declines in arson, burglary and
larceny were reported, but vehicle thefts climbed from 683 to 694.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 12, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Crime Hits 33-Year Low, State Leaders Announce

BYLINE: JEROME R. STOCKFISCH, jstockfisch@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 628 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


REPORTED OFFENSES DECLINE IN BAY AREA

By JEROME R. STOCKFISCH

jstockfisch@tampatrib.com

TALLAHASSEE -- Florida's crime rate continues to drop, and a new report released
Tuesday included encouraging news out of the Tampa Bay area.

Gov. Jeb Bush and top state law enforcement officials unveiled the annual
Uniform Crime Report at the state Capitol, boasting that an index of major
offenses hit the lowest level in 2003 since the state began compiling the index
33 years ago.

Incidents of murder, forcible sex offenses, robbery, aggravated assault,
burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft per 100,000 residents declined 4.3
percent to 5,164, the report stated.

"As crime declines, the chance for us to diversify our economy, to strengthen
wholesome family life, to be able to build the kind of state that we all want is
on the uptick," Bush said.

Hillsborough, Pinellas and Pasco counties all reported decreases in their crime
rates, after Hillsborough and Pinellas showed increases last year.

But with 7,020 incidents per 100,000 residents, Hillsborough had the
second-highest rate in the state, behind only Miami-Dade County's 7,205.
Hillsborough's figure was down 2.8 percent from 2002.

The index was 5,300 for Pinellas, down 1.9 percent, and 3,902 for Pasco, down
5.5 percent.

Bush credited a series of tough-on-crime policies rolled out over the past
several years, including the Stop Turning Out Prisoners law, which requires
certain criminals to serve 85 percent of their sentences, and the 10-20-Life
law, which targets repeat gun offenders.

"We've successfully reversed the leniency that was the code word for our
criminal justice system in the early 1990s that allowed crime to skyrocket,"
Bush said.

Floridians are "seeing the results of a very aggressive law enforcement
community and a very attentive citizenry" after the Sept. 11 attacks, said Guy
Tunnell, commissioner of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.

In Hillsborough, sheriff's Lt. Rod Reder said there was no official explanation
for the drop in the crime rate, "other than when you see the numbers go up, you
try to do things better and adjust."

For example, he said, the sheriff's office created a special auto-theft unit
when that crime spiked.

Reder was not troubled by the county's No. 2 ranking, noting that it could
simply reflect higher reporting rates. Some surveys have suggested that as many
as half of all rapes are never reported. Reder said the Hillsborough office
focused on domestic violence several years ago with a huge public-relations push
to get victims to report incidents.

"Our domestics skyrocketed," he said. "People felt safe, and they knew law
enforcement would take action, so they started calling us."

Statewide, crime volume, the actual number of reported crimes, was down 2.1
percent in 2003 despite the state's population increase. There were 974,923
criminal arrests, a 6.8 percent increase.

(CHART) BY THE NUMBERS

Tampa Bay area crime rates:

HILLSBOROUGH: 7,020 major crimes per 100,000 people; down 2.8 percent from last
year

PASCO: 3,902 major crimes per 100,000; down 5.5 percent

PINELLAS: 5,300 major crimes per 100,000; down 1.9 percent

TAMPA: 10,740 major crimes per 100,000; down 5.3 percent

PLANT CITY: 6,960 major crimes per 100,000; down 9.2 percent

TEMPLE TERRACE: 4,103 major crimes per 100,000; up 2 percent

ST. PETERSBURG: 8,121 major crimes per 100,000; down 2.8 percent

CLEARWATER: 6,119 major crimes per 100,000; up 2.6 percent

LARGO: 4,315 major crimes per 100,000; down 0.6 percent

STATEWIDE AVERAGE: 5,164 major crimes per 100,000; down 4.3 percent

Source: Florida Department of Law Enforcement

Reporter Jerome R. Stockfisch can be reached at (850) 222-8382.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO CHART
Jeb Bush

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     JUNE 14, 2001 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Survey: Violent crime in U.S. falls 15% in year;
The Justice Department said it was the sharpest
12-month drop ever. The poll did not include murder.

BYLINE: Lenny Savino INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 655 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Violent crime in the United States fell almost 15 percent last year, the
sharpest one-year decline ever, according to the Justice Department's National
Crime Victimization Survey, released yesterday.

Property crimes, such as burglary, car theft and all other larcenies, also
dipped by a record 10 percent. About three-fourths of all criminal offenses are
property crimes.

The drop amounts to one million fewer violent crimes such as rape and robbery in
2000 compared with 1999, said the Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS), which
conducts the survey. The survey does not include murder.

"These are more than positive statistics," Attorney General John Ashcroft said
in a prepared statement. "They are indicators of a betterment of the quality of
life for all our citizens."

Ashcroft cautioned, however, that though the decreases "make great headlines,"
about 25 million people in the United States were victims of violent crimes and
property crimes last year.

Experts generally attributed the declines to an aging population, a drop in
drug-related violence, higher rates of imprisonment, and a strong economy.
Declines in U.S. crime have been reported since 1993.

Yesterday's survey conflicts sharply with an FBI study released last month that
found violent crime was up by 0.1 percent last year.

The FBI's statistics are based on crimes reported to police; the BJS bases its
numbers on crimes reported in a random survey of 160,000 people 12 and older.

Neither measurement is entirely accurate, Walter Miller, a former Harvard Law
School criminologist, said. The BJS survey relies heavily on the precision of
people's memories of the last year, Miller said, while the FBI survey misses
unreported crimes.

Alfred Blumstein, a criminologist at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh,
described the BJS study as "statistically sound," especially when it comes to
detecting trends.

This year's decreasing rates, he said, were probably caused by "the end of the
crack era," a strong economy, plus "increased incarceration rates since the
1970s" for violent crimes.

James Alan Fox, a criminal justice professor at Northeastern University in
Boston, said the survey was heavily weighted toward less serious crimes such as
simple assaults, which can include pushing and shoving.

"It's good news, but not great news," he said.

"People react to a report like this and think about 15 percent less chance of
being mugged and raped; that's not the case here."

Justice Department officials said the survey had a margin of error, plus or
minus, of 4.6 percentage points for the overall crime numbers and 7.7 percentage
points for the violent crime numbers.

President Bush last month lauded a model stiff-sentence program in Richmond,
Va., called Project Exile, saying it had reduced homicides in the state capital
by 40 percent and robberies by 30 percent in its first year.

Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr. (D., Del.) attributed the drop in violent crime to
federal legislation that has put more than 40,000 police officers on the street
in the last eight years.

Every group identified in the BJS survey - males, females, whites, blacks,
Hispanics, non-Hispanics, and high-risk 12- to 24-year-olds - experienced less
violent crime in 2000 than during 1999, the survey found.

Since 1993, the largest decreases have been for Hispanics (down an average 5.7
percent per year) and males (down an average 4.6 percent).

Only half of violent-crime victims and 36 percent of property-crime victims
reported the incidents to police, the BJS found.

Violent crime dropped most in the Northeast (21 percent) and South (17.5
percent) and less in the Midwest (14 percent) and West (8 percent.)

Suburban crime nationwide dropped 21 percent, urban crime 12 percent, and rural
crime 5 percent, the BJS study found.

Lenny Savino's e-mail address is lsavino@krwashington.com.

This article includes information from Inquirer wire services.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                    December 12, 2000 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

CRIME INCREASES SLIGHTLY IN FIRST SIX MONTHS OF 2000;
* CONTRA COSTA COUNTY RATES DECREASED 13.6 PERCENT
ALAMEDA COUNTY RATES INCREASED 0.7 PERCENT, ACCORDING TO STATE STATISTICS

BYLINE: Dara Akiko Williams

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


SAN DIEGO Crime increased slightly in California's largest cities in the first
half of 2000, with Los Angeles skewing statistics upward with its 9.7 percent
increase, the state's top prosecutor said Monday.

If Los Angeles were removed from the list, the state's crime rate would have
dropped slightly compared with the first half of 1999, Attorney General Bill
Lockyer said.

Overall, however, crime increased 1.3 percent in the 77 California cities with
populations of at least 100,000, Lockyer said. The largest increases were for
rapes, which increased 9.7 percent, and homicides, which increased 4.7 percent.

The numbers still were lower than when crime rates peaked 25 years ago, Lockyer
said.

"Every number is a victim," he told reporters. "The only acceptable number is
zero. I don't predict we're going to get there soon, but it ought to be a goal."

Crime overall in Los Angeles, the state's largest city with 3.8 million
residents, increased 9.7 percent in the first half of 2000. The biggest increase
was in homicides, which increased 25 percent with 245 killings in the first six
months of 2000 compared with 196 for the same period last year.

Lockyer said he couldn't remember the last time Los Angeles had such an
influence on statewide data.

"People could speculate endlessly on whether it's gangs, demography or low
morale in the (police) department," he said. "Clearly it is not a time to be
complacent."

In the Bay Area, crime in Contra Costa County decreased 13.6 percent while
Alameda County recorded a 0.7 percent increase.

A sampling of crime figures in Bay Area cities showed a 2.1 percent increase in
Berkeley, a 12.3 percent increase in Concord, a 6.2 percent decrease in Oakland,
a 2.6 percent decrease in San Francisco, a 6.4 percent decrease in San Jose and
an 8.3 percent increase in Vallejo.

Daly City, with a population of 104,600, showed the biggest jump statewide with
a 31 percent increase in crime. The city had 13 rapes in the first half of 2000,
compared with nine during the same period last year.

There were no murders reported in Daly City for the 2000 period, compared with
four from January to June in 1999. However, aggravated assaults increased 94.4
percent to 105 from 54.

Daly City police Sgt. Don Griggs attributed the increase to a change in how
crimes are reported.

Previously, each crime was reported as a single incident, no matter how many
victims. The new system reports the total number of victims, Griggs said.

The city expected to end 2000 with about 12,600 crimes reported, which would be
down from the 13,045 reported in all of 1999, he said. The FBI's annual crime
report showed Daly City with one of the lowest crime rates in the nation in
1999.

Lockyer declined to give specific reasons for the increase in crime but
suggested California's population of 18- to 24-year-olds is increasing and rape
victims may be more likely to report attacks.

His office was working to increase rape arrests and prosecutions by expanding a
statewide DNA database that by next summer will contain the genetic code of
200,000 felons.

He plans to support a bill, expected to be introduced next year, that would
require a DNA sample from all people convicted of felonies. Lockyer expects
opposition from civil rights groups.

"We take fingerprints when they're arrested. This is a form of a fingerprint for
every convicted felon," he said. "It seems logical to me."

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 02, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

Area Residents Take a Night Out of Crime; Communities Band Together in Spirit of
Safety

Scott Bowles, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg.  D01

LENGTH: 738 words


On a night dedicated to preventing future crimes, Norma M. Broadnax spent hers
focusd on one in the past.

Standing on the spot where Stephen Sellows was beaten to death May 18, the
advisory neighborhood commissioner handed out fliers last night, urging assersby
to remember their neighbor and help police find his killer.

"If we're ever going to take back our community, it should start right here,
right where we lost one of our best souls," she said of Sellows, a 44-year-old
retarded man who was a fixture at city political events and an advocate for
those with disabilities. "I know this is a time to look ahead. I just don't want
him to be forgotten."

Her demonstration -- in which she was joined by a handful of people for a
candlelight igil and march through the Lamond Riggs neighborhood in upper
Northeast Washington -- was one of myriad events throughout the Washington area
for the 12th annual National Night Out raly against crime.

From Hyattsville to Dale City, residents and law enforcement agencies held
barbecues, hosted anti-crime contests and patrolled neighborhoods together last
night.

But like any community-police event, the thrust of National Night Out was less
to make streets safer than to persuade residents that they are. The perception
of crime, eventorganizers said, has become more threatening than the reality.

"The good news is, crime, especially violent crime, is down," said Ramsey
Johnson, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office, who helped kick off events
in downtown Washington.

"The bad news is, the public's concern of violent crime is not down," he said.
"What we'd like tonight is for neighbors to come out of their houses, shake
hands, maybe exchange phone numbers."

Or as acting D.C. Police Chief Larry D. Soulsby said, the night is "for us to
hold hands and say, basically, 'We're not going to take it anymore.' "

Which is what happened in dozens of communities playing host to the event,
sponsored by the National Association of Town Watch, a nonprofit umbrella group
for local Neighorhood Watch and patrol groups.

Prince William County Police Chief Charlie T. Deane, along with the county's
crime prevention officers, set off last night in two motorcades to visit 24
communities where Neighborhood Watch programs thrive. The first Prince William
Neighborhood Watch was established in 1979 in Dale City's Barksdale community.
Today there are more than 150 watch programs operating in the county.

"The very best crime prevention is a good neighbor," Deane said. "What we do
tonight is encourage neighbors to know each other and to know the police."

In the Fairfax County community of Parklawn, near Baileys Crossroads, about 60
people gathered in John Langford's front yard to eat burgers and mingle with
neighbors. Langford, 65, a retired Navy captain, was a founding member of the
community's Neighborhood Watch program in 1982. Since then, it has grown to 140
participants and is credited with decreasing the area's burglary rate from about
40 incidents a year to two or three.

"This show of strength tonight tells people, 'Hey, you mess around here and
we'll call police,' " said Langford, who has been the host of a Night Out
cookout for the last six years.

In Prince George's County, about 60 people gathered at Justice Center Square in
Hyattsville to bid for items confiscated by police. At the city's annual
auction, residents bought furniture, bicycles and other goods. Some went home
with neighbors' names.

"I've been living here 30 years," said Hyattsville resident Lee Petty.
"Sometimes it's hard to get to know people unless there's something that allows
you to talk to people."

By 7.30 p.m., more than 100 residents in the Arlandria section of Alexandria had
gathered for music, barbecue, face painting and a personal look at some city
police officers.

It was the fifth Night Out for Mary Ann Dalzell and her daughter Madeleine
Mamion, 8. "It's been safer because I've gotten to know people," Dalzell said of
the community. "I always call the police whenever I hear gunshots in the
neighborhood."

Handing out candles last night, Norma Broadnax said she hopes a similar call
ultimately will solve the death of Sellows. "The reason I'm here," she said, "is
because I know he would have been out here for us."

Staff writers Steve Bates, Michael D. Shear, Leef Smith and Tara H. Arden-Smith
contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: August 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, carol guzy, Norma M. Broadnax, an advisory neighborhood
commissioner, gets a hug from Russell Alexander, 5th Police District community
service officer.  Jamar Chichester, 3, takes part in a candlelight vigil in
Northeast Washington, one of many area events organized as part of the 12th
annual National Night Out rally against crime.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 20, 1994, Monday

ATLANTA'S KILLING GROUNDS Jurisdictions make PACT in crime fight Feds select
metro area for program

BYLINE: By Mark Sherman and Bill Rankin STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section A; Page 7

LENGTH: 725 words


The Atlanta Police Department's computer for tracking gang members is a marvel
that blends old-fashioned police work with '90s technology.

But police officers wonder: If gang members can cross the city line, why can't
the system that helps solve gang-related crime cross it, too?

"The issue of crime is larger than any law enforcement agency," said Capt. C.B.
Jackson, who runs the system.

The attempt to extend the city of Atlanta's Gang Intelligence System, known as
GANGIS, into the entire metro area is an example of a federal government-led
effort to fight and reduce crime by breaking down barriers between governments.

Metro Atlanta is one of four sites chosen by the U.S. Justice Department for the
pilot program, Project PACT - Pulling America's Communities Together. The others
are Washington, Denver and the state of Nebraska.

For the past few months, officials from Atlanta and Clayton, Cobb, DeKalb,
Fulton and Gwinnett counties and six federal agencies have been working to
identify common problems and wide-ranging solutions.

"Project PACT is not about new resources, per se. But I can't help but think
that Project PACT is going to position Atlanta far ahead of the rest of the
country in getting not just money, but other resources, available in
Washington," said Kent Alexander, the U.S. attorney for the Northern District of
Georgia.

At a public forum scheduled Wednesday at the Stouffer Waverly Hotel in Cobb
County, Alexander and his Atlanta-based colleagues - law enforcement officers,
city, county and state workers and other federal employees - will present their
findings so far to a visiting contingent of high-ranking administration
officials.

Andrew Cuomo, the assistant secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development; Jo Ann Harris, the head of the Justice Department's criminal
division; and former Vermont Gov. Madeleine Kunin, now deputy education
secretary, are among those on the program.

In one sense, Project PACT seems like just another bureaucratic attempt at
putting a new face on an old problem.

Phil McDonald, an aide to Mayor Bill Campbell and a leader of the Atlanta team,
said hearings in February made clear the public's frustration.

"A lot of what we heard . . . was, 'We're tired of talking about it. We've had
summits and meetings and all this talk. Let's get busy,' " he said.

That sentiment may be even stronger now in the wake of a record 29 homicides
last month in Atlanta.

But in Nebraska, where Project PACT is further along, Joe Jeanette of the U.S.
attorney's office in Omaha said skepticism has subsided.

"At first . . . we heard a lot of questions like, 'Is this another government
program you're shoving down our throats?' " he said.

But local communities have become more involved after learning PACT takes a
"bottom-up approach. . . . We've been careful to say, 'You tell us what you see
is the problem and, if you had the money, what would you like to see
implemented,' " Jeanette said.

He said Nebraska's PACT program is finishing the last touches on its request for
federal funding.

Jeanette cited poor parenting skills as a primary problem identified by the PACT
team there.

Seventeen-year-old Phoebe Cooper pointed out essentially the same thing when she
spoke at a dress rehearsal last week for the Wednesday forum.

"You can't tell a parent to do something that they don't know how to do," said
Cooper, who said she began caring for her infant brother when she was 12.

Cooper, who captivated a room full of government workers at the state Capitol,
will be a senior this fall at Benjamin E. Banneker High School in College Park.

She has been unable to find work this summer - another critical problem for
teenagers.

"We have so much idle time, and idle time leads to idle minds," Cooper said.
"You got to give us something to do."

Funding for summer jobs programs, expanded hours at community centers and
training classes for teenage parents are among the options being studied.

Many of the ideas under consideration by the Atlanta PACT team call for more
money at a time when the federal government has less to spend.

But, McDonald said, the area's designation as a Project PACT site has made it a
strong contender for existing federal grant programs. One, for example, would
provide $ 6 million to expand community policing, he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941740213

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Phoebe Cooper sitting on a picnic table. / JOHN SPINK /
Staff Chart: Urban violence While Miami had the worst overall crime rate in
1993, Atlanta was the most violent city of its size* in the nation. Here's a
look at America's top 10 crime areas: ..................... Violent
........................crime .. City........... per 1,000 1.
Atlanta............. 39.6 2. Miami............... 38.8 3. St. Louis...........
37.1 4. Tampa............... 32.1 5. Oakland............. 25.4 6. Kansas
City......... 24.8 7. Birmingham............24.5 8. Charlotte........... 23.8 9.
New Orleans......... 19.9 10.Portland........... 18.4 Violence in Atlanta There
were 16,281 violent crimes reported last year, up more than 400 from the
previous year.  ....................... Agg. Year......Homic.........assault
1989... 247..........9,109 1990... 231..........9,062 1991... 205..........8,967
1992... 198..........9,207 1993... 203..........9,541 * cities from 250,000 to
500,000 Source: FBI Uniform Crime Reports

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 1, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

Weakened Mafia Still Main Organized-Crime Force, Justice Dept. Reports

Sharon LaFraniere, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 362 words


Top Justice Department officials said yesterday the Mafia has been greatly
weakened by law enforcement efforts over the past decade, but remains the
country's principal organized-crime force.

Robert S. Mueller III, who heads the department's criminal division, said
criminal cases have "decimated" the high commands of Mafia families in key
cities. But he added, "it's too early to tell" whether equally potent leaders
will replace them.

A department report released yesterday said federal law enforcement agencies
should continue to concentrate on the Mafia, while working to ensure that other
organized-crime groups never attain the same power. Japanese and Chinese crime
groups, known for drug trafficking and violence, are increasingly active,
according to the report.

The report also mentions rival Los Angeles gangs known as the Crips and the
Bloods, motorcycle gangs and a Jamaican group as "emerging organized-crime
groups."

The Justice Department's long-term strategy to target mob leaders has relied
heavily on the use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act
(RICO).

Significant cases include the RICO indictment of Raymond Patriarca, the alleged
leader of a Mafia family that operated rackets in Massachusetts, Rhode Island
and Connecticut; the 1988 RICO conviction in Philadelphia of Nicodemo Scarfo and
most of his confederates, and the labor-racketeering conviction in June of John
M. Riggi, alleged head of the powerful DeCavalcante family in New Jersey.

The FBI has said that it used an informer to penetrate the Patriarca
organization, bringing about the indictment of 21 men. The U.S. attorney
handling the case has said the organization is "the backbone of organized-crime
control and influence throughout New England."

Law enforcement officials in New York are trying for the third time to convict
John Gotti, the alleged boss of the Gambino organization, the country's largest
and most powerful Mafia family. Gotti, 50, twice has been acquitted of criminal
charges, but faces a new RICO indictment accusing him and three others of
involvement in the murders of three men, obstruction of justice and evading
taxes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 8, 1990, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Report calls gays 'under siege';
Cities need for laws on state level

BYLINE: Tom Squitieri

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 384 words


Homosexuals are ''under siege'' from a wide range of hate crimes that need to be
attacked on the state level, activists said Thursday.

Last year, they were victims in 7,031 anti-gay incidents ranging from verbal
abuse to homicide, according to a new report from the National Gay and Lesbian
Task Force.

Key goal of the group: more state laws that identify and penalize anti-gay
assaults.

''The exclusion of anti-gay violence from hate crime laws is absurd, immoral and
dangerous, and reinforces the already widespread perception that attacks against
gay people are acceptable,'' says Kevin Berrill, author of the report.

States with the most documented incidents: North Carolina, 1,204; Texas, 997;
California, 563; Illinois, 529; Ohio, 387.

Data for the survey came from questionnaires sent to 650 gay activists and
organizations nationwide. Berrill says methods were unscientific, but the survey
was designed to give a broad look at the problem.

''Hate crimes exist because the narrow-minded and mean-spirited among us have
judged some of their fellow citizens to be less deserving of respect than
themselves,'' says Sen. Alan Cranston, D-Calif., sponsor of the new Hate Crimes
Statistics Act signed by President Bush in April. ''The more that we bring these
crimes to light, the less tolerable they will be.''

Under the hate crimes act, the federal government will collect data on crimes
based on race, religion, sexual orientation and ethnicity.

So far, only nine states, the District of Columbia and seven cities have hate
crime laws that also include sexual orientation. In 13 states, laws specifically
exclude anti-gay crimes.

Included among the 13 is Missouri, where two Sundays ago Cliff Moyers, 29, was
attacked, choked and thrown through a plate glass window.

Moyers, who is homosexual, says he was sitting in a Columbia, Mo., restaurant
discussing gay issues with two friends when patrons in a nearby booth verbally
harassed them.

The attack came after Moyers hugged a transvestite.

''I have ligament damage from the cuts on my leg. There are cuts on my left
arms. I'm going to have two major scars because of this,'' he says.

Says Berrill: ''Taken together, the numbers and anecdotes provide a frightening
and painful testament to the human cost of anti-gay bigotry.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

Three Illinois metro areas rank among Midwest's Top 10 most dangerous

BYLINE: Kevin Hoffman, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 869 words


Dec. 08--Violent crime rates in three Illinois metro areas among highest in the
Midwest

Illinois is home to three of the Midwest's Top 10 most dangerous metropolitan
areas, including the No. 1 most violent, according to the latest installment in
Law Street Media's "Crime in America 2016? rankings.

The legal policy and news website's analysis used 2014 violent crime data from
the FBI to rank the safest and most dangerous metro areas in each region of the
country.

With a violent crime rate of 767 per 100,000 people, Springfield, Ill., is the
Midwest's most dangerous metro area and No. 4 overall in the U.S, according to
Law Street.

More from Law Street Media's Kevin Rizzo:

The Springfield, IL metro area sits atop the list of the most dangerous metro
areas in the Midwest for the second year in a row. According to the latest FBI
crime statistics, which cover the 2014 calendar year, Springfield, IL had a
violent crime rate of 767 per 100,000 people, the fourth highest in the country.
The Wausau, WI metro area was the safest metro in the Midwest for a second
straight year. In total, Wisconsin had five of the top 10 safest metro areas in
the Midwest. In 2014, the Midwest region of the United States held about 21
percent of the country's population, but just 19 percent of its violent crime.

Rockford wasn't far behind. It ranks as the second most dangerous in the
nation's heartland. Danville also made its way onto this year's ranking, coming
in at No. 7. Illinois and Michigan were the only two states in the Midwest to
have three metropolitan statistical areas appear on the Top 10 most dangerous
list.

The FBI doesn't provide statistics for all 388 MSAs in the U.S., often times
because data either is underreported or does not comply with the bureau's
Uniform Crime Reporting Program. You can find a more detailed explanation from
the FBI here, as well as why it's important to be cautious when comparing crime
among metros and compiling rankings.

Here are the Midwest's Top 10 most dangerous metro areas, as ranked by Law
Street:

*Note: Violent crime rates per 100,000 people. The statistics listed below
include the entire MSA. More information about Illinois' MSAs can be found here.

10. Springfield, Mo.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Springfie
ld-MO.jpg

Overall Rank: 45

Population: 452,154

Violent crime rate: 536

* Murder: 5

* Rape: 74

* Robbery: 94

* Aggravated Assault: 364

9. Battle Creek, Mich.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/800px-Bat
tle_Creek_Michigan_2008.jpg

Overall Rank: 44

Population: 134,882

Violent crime rate: 538

* Murder: 3

* Rape: 90

* Robbery: 65

* Aggravated Assault: 380

8. Toledo, Ohio

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/toledo.jp
g

Overall Rank: 41

Population: 608,517

Violent crime rate: 559

* Murder: 5

* Rape: 50

* Robbery: 171

* Aggravated Assault: 334

7. Danville, Ill.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Danville.
jpg

Overall Rank: 30

Population: 79,939

Violent crime rate: 592

* Murder: 1

* Rape: 91

* Robbery: 108

* Aggravated Assault: 392

6. Milwaukee-Waukesha-West Allis, Wis.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/milwaukee
.jpg

Overall Rank: 25

Population: 1,573,272

Violent crime rate: 634

* Murder: 6

* Rape: 33

* Robbery: 251

* Aggravated Assault: 343

5. Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson, Ind.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Indianapo
lis.jpg

Overall Rank: 24

Population: 1,971,378

Violent crime rate: 646

* Murder: 8

* Rape: 39

* Robbery: 209

* Aggravated Assault: 390

4. Flint, Mich.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Flint-Mic
higan.jpg

Overall Rank: 22

Population: 413,337

Violent crime rate: 652

* Murder: 8

* Rape: 70

* Robbery: 117

* Aggravated Assault: 458

3. Saginaw, Mich.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Saginaw.j
pg

Overall Rank: 21

Population: 195,891

Violent crime rate: 660

* Murder: 8

* Rape: 82

* Robbery: 84

* Aggravated Assault: 486

2. Rockford, Ill.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Rockford.
jpg

Overall Rank: 19

Population: 343,135

Violent crime rate: 665

* Murder: 7

* Rape: 57

* Robbery: 144

* Aggravated Assault: 458

1. Springfield, Ill.

http://reboot.rebootillinois.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Downtown_
Springfield.jpg

Overall Rank: 4

Population: 211,855

Violent crime rate: 767

* Murder: 9

* Rape: 71

* Robbery: 138

* Aggravated Assault: 549

Click here to see Law Street Media's ranking of the Midwest's Top 10 safest
metro areas.

Kevin Hoffman is a Reboot Illinois staff writer who graduated from the
University of Iowa with a degree in journalism, political science and
international studies. He believes keeping citizens informed and politicians in
check is the best way to improve Illinois and bring about common sense reform.
Follow us on Facebook.

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2015 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151208-2IL-Three-Illinois-metro-areas-rank-among-Midwest-s-Top-10-most-dangero
us-1208-20151208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2015


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            November 22, 2010 Monday

St. Louis tops list of dangerous cities

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 186 words


TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - St. Louis overtook Camden, N.J., as the nation's most
dangerous city in 2009, according to a national study released Sunday.

The study by CQ Press found St. Louis had 2,070.1 violent crimes per 100,000
residents, compared with a national average of 429.4. That helped St. Louis beat
out Camden, which topped last year's list and was the most dangerous city for
2003 and 2004.

Detroit, Flint, Mich., and Oakland, Calif., rounded out the top five. For the
second straight year, the safest city with more than 75,000 residents was
Colonie, N.Y.

The annual rankings are based on population figures and crime data compiled by
the FBI. Some criminologists question the findings, saying the methodology is
unfair.

Greg Scarbro, unit chief of the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Program, said the
FBI also discourages using the data for these types of rankings.

Kara Bowlin, spokeswoman for St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay, said the city
actually has been getting safer over the last few years. She said crime in St.
Louis has gone down each year since 2007, and so far in 2010, St. Louis crime is
down 7 percent.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              May 25, 2004 Tuesday

CRIME TAKES ANOTHER HIT IN NEW YORK

BYLINE: By DINA TEMPLE - RASTON, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 529 words


One of the twin suns around which Mayor Bloomberg's re-election campaign will
revolve got a little brighter yesterday as FBI crime figures for 2003 showed New
York is the nation's safest big city for the second year in a row.

New York has the lowest overall crime rate among cities with more than 1 million
people, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime Report.
Crime in the city fell 5.8% in 2003, compared with a half a percentage point
decline nationally. The city's crime index, a figure adjusted for population, is
hovering in the same neighborhood of areas like rural Oxnard, Calif., or tony
Burbank.

Mr. Bloomberg, who is counting on inroads in crime and education to win him a
second term next year, was practically crowing over the latest numbers.

"New York City has not only retained its title as the safest big city in the
country, it has defied the odds and become even safer," Mr. Bloomberg told
reporters. Crime in the city has been coming down since 1990, but the mayor
wasted no time yesterday taking credit for the decline.

The FBI total crime index ranks cities of 100,000 people or more by the number
of crimes for each 100,000 people. For 2003, New York's rating of 2,921.8 crimes
for each 100,000 people ranked it as the big city with the fewest crimes per
person.

"Only 19 cities in the entire country have fewer crimes per capita," Mr.
Bloomberg said, adding that New York has a higher crime rate than Fremont,
Calif., but a lower incidence of crime than Port St. Lucie, Fla.

"And we've had a steeper drop in crime over the past year than any of these
other cities," he virtually crowed. He jokingly said that crime is lower now
than in the Giuliani years because "the city has a better mayor."

Falling crime rates in New York City preceded Mr. Bloomberg. The crime rate took
a dive in the 1990s, and the current low numbers may be seen as building on the
earlier drop. Violent crime declined by more than 56% in the city in the 1990s.

Property crimes fell by 65% over the same period.

Some experts attributed the decline to Mayor Giuliani's focus on lower-level
crimes, the so-called "broken windows" approach to policing. The theory was that
petty crimes and misdemeanors lead to larger crimes, so nipping scofflaws in the
bud brought down the incidence of more serious crimes at the same time.

Mr. Bloomberg built on that program by launching Operation Clean Sweep, a
quality of life enforcement program that targeted noise and other smaller
annoyances, and Operation Spotlight, which has brought the courts into the
picture by focusing on habitual criminals.

The tension for the mayor is the fact that he is preparing to run for
re-election on terrific crime numbers while at the same time refusing to bow to
pressure from the police union for a new, better-paying contract.

"What the police deserve and our ability to pay are two different things," Mr.
Kelly told reporters when asked about the long-standing impasse in negotiations
with the city's Finest. The city pays $5 billion a year for its police force
when you factor in pension costs and health care.

"If you want a great Police Department that's what it costs," the mayor said.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            October 16, 2000, Monday

NEW YORK LEADS WAY IN REDUCING VIOLENT CRIMES

BYLINE: Fredric U. Dicker State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 012

LENGTH: 343 words


ALBANY - New York led the nation's 10 most populous states over the past five
years in reducing violent crime, FBI figures released by the state yesterday
showed.

The FBI statistics found violent crimes such as murder, rape and aggravated
assault were down 39 percent in New York between 1994 and 1999, compared to an
average 25 percent decline for the other nine states, including California,
Texas, Florida and Georgia, state officials said.

Homicide was down by 55 percent in New York between 1994 and 1999.

Overall, the U.S. homicide rate last year hit its lowest point since 1966 as the
number of serious crimes committed nationwide fell for the eighth year in a row,
according to a national crime report released by the FBI yesterday.

There were 15,533 killings in the United States last year, according to the FBI,
or one every 34 minutes.

"New York's extraordinary crime declines are a result of our common-sense
criminal justice policies, including ending parole for violent felons, and
investing in DNA technology," said Gov. Pataki.

"These initiatives, combined with an improved economy due in part to our tax
cuts, are making our streets safer than they've been in a generation and
improving the quality of life in all our neighborhoods"

Pataki's statement and a press release on the new figures made no mention of the
New York City Police Department's success in fighting crime under Mayor
Giuliani, a sometime Pataki political rival.

State Criminal Justice Services spokeswoman Caroline Quartararo said the city's
successes weren't mentioned because many police agencies across the state
deserve credit for the reduction in crime.

In Washington, D.C., President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno called on
the GOP-controlled Congress to pass gun-control laws and reauthorize a federal
program that helps cities hire more cops.

"We must do more to ensure that these downward trends continue," Clinton said.

Reno said, "We cannot rest. We must build on the progress we have made in
reducing crime," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             May 2, 1990, Wednesday

INSURANCE BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE:  NEW YORK


RELIANCE WRAPS SALE

OF GENERAL CASUALTY

Reliance Group Holdings Inc. said Monday that it had completed the previously
announced sale of its General Casualty Cos. subsidiary to Winterthur Swiss
Insurance Co. for $ 630 million in cash.

General Casualty, based in Sun Prairie, Wis., writes personal and standard
commercial lines of insurance in a ten-state region in the Midwest.

Winterthur Swiss Insurance Co., Winterthur, Switzerland, is an international
insurance and financial services company.

As a result of the sale, the New York-based Reliance Group said it wi ll realize
a pretax gain of about $ 380 million in the second quarter of 1990. Reliance is
a multi-line insurance company with assets of $ 10.4 billion.

US VEHICLE THEFTS

ROSE BY 9 PERCENT IN 1989

PALOS HILLS, Ill. - Vehicle theft rose 9 percent in 1989 over 1988, according to
the Palos Hills, Ill.-based National Automobile Theft Bureau.

The bureau's report is based on an analysis of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation's "Preliminary Uniform Crime Reports for 1989."

Other property crimes surveyed revealed that in 1989 larceny theft rose 2
percent while burglary and arson crimes declined 2 percent from 1988.

Cities reporting substantial increases in the number of auto thefts were New
York City, up 13,921; Los Angeles, up 6,660; Houston, up 6,580; Phoenix, up
6,090; and Philadelphia, up 4,878.

LINCOLN COMPLETES

NATIONAL RE SALE

FORT WAYNE, Ind. - Lincoln National Corp. announced Monday it had completed the
sale of National Reinsurance Corp. to a holding company organized by the Robert
M. Bass Group Inc., and Acadia Partners.

The Fort Wayne, Ind.-based Lincoln National received about $ 320.1 million in
cash and $ 75 million in preferred stock of the holding company formed for the
purpose of acquiring National Reinsurance.

National Reinsurance, which writes property-casualty reinsurance on a direct
basis, is headquartered in Stamford, Conn.

Lincoln National is one of the largest multi-line insurance companies in the
United States. The company reports that its assets total $ 25 billion, with
revenues exceeding $ 8 billion.

INSURANCE UNIT FORMED

BY SPRING MOUNTAIN

NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. - Spring Mountain Group, a financial services company
primarily serving real estate needs, has formed a new subsidiary, Spring
Mountain Insurance Services Inc.

Initially, the new independent insurance agency will place residential
homeowners' and hazard insurance coverages. Later this year, it plans to begin
offering commercial coverages.

The agency will work through all 42 offices of Spring Mountain Escrow Corp., a
sister subsidiary of Spring Mountain Group.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: INSURANCE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                January 15, 1989, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

U.S. experts predict 10-year crime wave

BYLINE: By Ken Stephens Special to The Star (Knight-Ridder Newspapers)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. H4

LENGTH: 827 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


   DALLAS - The United States is on the verge of a decade-long crime wave,
social scientists warn as cities across the country tally record figures for
1988.

Twenty-eight of the nation's 50 largest cities had more homicides in 1988 than a
year earlier, and at least four - Dallas, New York, Washington and San Diego -
set records for the number of murders in a year.

Perhaps more significantly, midyear statistics compiled by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation showed a 1 per cent increase in total crime and a 5 per cent
increase in violent crime over the first six months of 1987.

If, as expected, that increase is reflected in the FBI's year-end Uniform Crime
Report to be issued in a few months, it will mark a four-year trend and a solid
reversal of the declining crime rates between 1981 and 1984.

Social scientists say steady increases in crime rates can be expected through at
least the mid-1990s.

The increases can be attributed to several factors, among them the popularity of
the cocaine derivative crack and the increasingly violent gangs that sell it; a
boom in the segment of the population most likely to commit crimes; and the
growth of an economically frustrated underclass.

Gangs and crack are getting most of the blame for the rising murder rate in
cities like Washington and Dallas.

In Washington, D.C., for instance, the number of murders has risen from 148 in
1985 to 197 in 1986, 228 in 1987 and 373 in 1988, eclipsing the record of 287 in
1969. Washington police link the increase directly to drugs, noting that the
percentage of drug-related killings has grown from 17 per cent of homicides in
1985 to 60 per cent in 1988.

In Dallas, which set a city record with 368 homicides in 1988, police also blame
drugs. Of a sampling of 281 homicides during the first 10 months of the year,
drugs were a factor in 36.3 per cent. Police estimate that Jamaican drug dealers
- who were connected with 37 homicides in 1987 - have been either victims or
slayers in at least 50 homicides in 1988.

"Drugs explains a lot of what goes on in Los Angeles, New York and Washington,
maybe Dallas," said Alfred Blumstein of the school of urban and public affairs
at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.

Jim Austin, director of research for the National Council on Crime and
Delinquency, said another major factor in the rising crime rate is the growth of
a primarily black economic underclass.

"In the 1950s, black and white teenagers had the same unemployment rate, but
now, it is much higher for blacks," Austin said. "The reason is that a lot of
blue-collar manufacturing jobs, traditional entry-level jobs for blacks, have
shifted overseas. The traditional economic ladder has disappeared and needs to
be replaced."

Today, he suggested, crime may be the only way that youths in the underclass can
survive.

But Blumstein and others say the most important factor in rising crime
nationwide may be a growth in the age segment of the population that is most
prone to commit crimes.

For example, arrests for property crimes peak at age 16, then fall off to half
the peak by age 20, according to Blumstein. Arrests for robbery peak at age 17,
and drop to half the peak by age 23. Arrests for violent crimes are at their
peak between ages 18 and 21, and drop slowly to half the peak at age 34.

In trying to predict crime rates, Blumstein and other social scientists watch
the fluctuation in the mid- to late-teen segment of the population, although
some social scientists also include those in their early 20s.

Today, they're seeing a bump in that part of the population curve, representing
the children of Baby Boomers - a phenomenon called the Echo Boom or the Baby
Boomerang.

Blumstein and James Fox of Northeastern University in Boston separately and
accurately predicted that crime rates would peak in the early '80s and then
decline. Both now also predict a rise in crime through the late '80s and '90s,
primarily because of the Echo Boom.

It's easy to say that the crime-rate increases we're beginning to see will
continue because of demographics," Fox said. "The increases won't be as bad as
the increases in '60s and '70s. Back then, crime was increasing 12 per cent a
year."

Fox said he hadn't expected the increase to begin until 1990, but "you can't
predict the impact of drugs on crime . . . So one of the reasons why the 1990s
crime wave is a little early may have something to do with crack."

Austin also points out that for the poor, who are disproportionately involved in
crime, the echo of the Baby Boom is arriving earlier because poor mothers tend
to have children at a younger age.

"The Echo Boom for most Americans is not expected to hit until 1990-91, but for
women who had children as teenagers, the boom has hit. Their children are in
their crime-prone years - 16, 17, 18 years - and we can expect it to continue to
increase well into the next decade."

KNIGHT-RIDDER NEWSPAPERS

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: chart Murder rates in select U.S. cities; photo relatives mourning at
Oklahoma funeral (1986)

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 8, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

A Business Gathering Focuses on Crime

BYLINE: By STEVEN A. HOLMES,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 30;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: WILLIAMSBURG, Va., Oct. 7


Usually, the annual meeting of the Business Council, a gathering of nearly 300
current and past heads of the country's largest corporations, is devoted to
hearing reports on the economy and playing spirited rounds of golf. But this
year, amid talk of handicaps and the direction of interest rates, another
subject is being highlighted: crime and violence.

"I think most of us feel that violence and crime is a real issue for the
country, if not the No. 1 issue," said D. Wayne Calloway, chairman and chief
executive of Pepsico, who organized this year's meeting. "This is an attempt to
get some understanding and for all of us to get some common basis to talk about
the issue."

That a group of corporate chieftains should choose crime as the main subject of
its meeting is another indication of the high level of anxiety about crime that
Americans have, even while the rates of violent crimes have remained stagnant or
declined in recent years. And crimes against businesses, with the exception of
shoplifting and bank robbery, did not increase significantly between 1980 and
1992, the last year for which the Federal Bureau of Investigation has figures.

The group, gathered here near the popular evocation of 18th-century Colonial
America, heard presentations on the causes and trends in crime from Alfred
Blumstein, professor of operations research at Carnegie Mellon University, and
on law enforcement issues from William J. Bratton, New York City's Police
Commissioner. The group also heard a discussion of prevention versus punishment
by John DiIulio Jr., a professor of politics and public affairs at Princeton
University, and Hugh B. Price, president of the National Urban League.

Unlike the Business Roundtable or the National Association of Manufacturers,
which adopt positions on economic and social issues, the Business Council does
not take stands on specific issues or legislation. Organizers of the conference
said the focus on crime was intended to educate business executives on the
trends, causes and possible solutions to the problem.

"This is not a lobbying or policy making group," Mr. Calloway said at a news
conference on Thursday night. "This is an attempt for us to communicate with the
Government and the Government to communicate to us about concerns of the country
and about how we might work together."

For some chief executives, violent crime is becoming a more important issue as
Government officials and community groups urge them to stay in the inner cities
and put factories, warehouses and stores in poor neighborhoods.

"Business is constantly being encouraged to go into areas where there is high
unemployment, and there is some willingness to do that," said Rand V. Araskog,
chairman and chief executive of the ITT Corporation. "But walking into a nest of
crime makes it difficult."

Several executives interviewed said they were unsure what role they might be
able to play in reducing either the public's fear of crime or crime itself.
Given the executives' admitted lack of knowledge, some speakers said they hoped
to be able to enlist the executives' support for policy initiatives the speakers
favor.

For example, Mr. Blumstein argued for a new strategy on drugs, asserting that
the use of tough prison sentences for low-level narcotics dealers has merely
meant that adult pushers are being replaced by younger dealers who are more
likely to be violent. In an interview before the conference, Mr. Blumstein said
he was not calling for the legalization of drugs, but for more emphasis on drug
treatment.

"My sense is the Business Council is a group who are hard-nosed pragmatists who
might represent an opportunity to do some hard-nosed rethinking of a policy that
seems not to have had much effect on drug abuse or drug transactions," he said.

Mr. Price, the National Urban League president, said he would encourage the
executives to finance training programs in inner cities and to hire qualified
applicants who complete them.

"I don't think you can simply proclaim that we can simply stop the violence,"
Mr. Price said before his talk with the Business Council. "We have to show kids
there are legitimate ways to make a living, and we also have to make a
commitment to hire them so that kids see there is another path for them."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 28, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NOV. 21-27: Atlanta Election;
A Mayor-Elect Takes Aim at Crime

BYLINE: By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section 4; Page 2; Column 2; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 181 words


After he won election in a landslide last week, Bill Campbell, who will take
over as Mayor of Atlanta in January, had a theme in his public statements: His
first priority will be to make Atlanta a safer place.

This was not unrelated to why he won. Early polls told his campaign how
important the issue of crime was -- even more important than elsewhere, perhaps,
because this city of 400,000 is preparing to host the 1996 Summer Olympics while
pondering 1992 F.B.I.  statistics placing it in the lead in violent crimes among
cities of its size. Although the bureau found an overall 8.4 percent decrease in
the city's crime rate in 1992, the number of homicides, rapes, robberies and
assaults put it ahead of Miami, Newark, Tampa and St. Louis.

Having defeated Michael L. Lomax in the runoff with 73 percent of the vote, Mr.
Campbell now has promises to keep: heightening the visibility of the police (one
way to cut crime without raising taxes),instituting foot patrols and
mini-precincts in high crime areas, and employing retired policemen part-time.
   RONALD SMOTHERS

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bill Campbell (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 25, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

AMARILLO, UP 36%, TOPS TEXAS CITIES IN CRIME RISE

BYLINE: By ROBERT REINHOLD, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 11, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 903 words

DATELINE: AMARILLO, Tex., Aug. 21


People here could sense it happening, but the figures were still stunning:
Amarillo, the chief city of the Panhandle, leads Texas in a sharp statewide rise
in reported major crimes this year.

In nearly every large and small city across the state, reports of robbery,
burglary, assault and other crimes are up sharply. They were up 36 percent here
and 19 percent statewide in the first six months of this year over the same
period last year, according to new figures compiled by the Texas Department of
Public Safety.

Officials attribute this variously to the slumping Texas economy, the parole of
large numbers of convicts from the overcrowded prisons, drug trafficking and the
swelling influx of illegal aliens from Mexico. The biggest increase came in
robbery, up 35 percent.

''I think everyone knows that as economic conditions decline, that tends to
increase and aggravate the criminal element,'' Gov. Mark White said Wednesday.
''Also, apparently there is an exaggeration of those numbers brought about by
increased trafficking in cocaine and other hard narcotics.''

U.S. Rise Was Only 5%

National crime figures for crime in 1985 became available in July. The Federal
Bureau of Investigation said there had been increase of 5 percent in the number
of crimes reported in the year, after a drop of three years.

In Amarillo, where the economy has been battered by falling prices of crops,
cattle, oil and gas, Chief of Police Jerry Neal attributes the trend to troubles
in Texas' justice system: ''In our part of the state it seems like everyone our
officers come into contact with is on probation or on parole. One individual was
convicted in January on a burglary charge and sentenced to five years. Then he
was released and arrested again in July on a narcotics violation.''

Indeed, for the first time ever, there are more convicts on parole than in the
prison system, which is under Federal court order to reduce crowding and improve
conditions. This has forced the early release of numerous felons, and in some
cases stirred public outrage.

The matter of Thomas Earl Grettenberg in particular has inflamed public
passions. He is the notorious ''choker'' rapist sentenced in 1977 to 123 years
in prison for the rape of five women in Austin. He was paroled in January after
less than eight years in prison. He was recently arrested on charges of
attempted murder in the choking of two teen-age girls in Harris County, the
Houston area, to which he was paroled.

Special Unit Is Begun

In Austin, the state capital, Chief of Police Jim Everett has just started a
special unit to deal with repeat offenders, of which there are 2,900 to 3,000 in
the area.

The parole issue was also cited in a 20 percent increase in crime in Dallas,
which already has the highest rate of property crime for any large city in the
United States except nearby Fort Worth.

Ed Spencer, spokesman for the Dallas Police Department, said that the number of
inmates released to Dallas County in June was up by 81 percent over June of 1985
and that the parolee population in the county had risen 95 percent from 1982 to
June 1985.

''We have long held the belief that a large percentage of crime is by repeat
offenders,'' he said. ''We think it's as much as one-half. There is an
inadequate amount of prison space in this state, which is putting pressure on
the system to release prisoners.'' Dallas's crime rate has risen for 23
consecutive months.

Fort Worth Behind Amarillo

Fort Worth had the largest jump, 33 percent, of any major city except Amarillo.
Numermous calls to Chief Tom Windham and his spokesman were not returned.

The poor economy and drugs are the chief reasons for the statewide increase, in
the view of David Wells, spokesman for the Department of Public Safety. ''Drugs
have been a factor in the past, but we think it's having a greater influence on
the figures with the drug problem getting worse,'' he said. ''Illegal narcotics
is the No. 1 law-enforcement problem in the state.''

Property crimes seemed to have led the increase. Murder, already high in Texas,
rose 1 percent, rape by a lower-than-average 14 percent, but motor vehicle theft
by 21 percent.

The collapse of the west Texas oil industry is suspected as a cause of the 17
percent rise in crime in Lubbock, Bill Morgan, a police spokesman, said. He
cited a string of unusual armed robberies in June and July, the type that
normally occur at Christmas. Cities like Lubbock, Fort Worth, Austin, Dallas and
Houston have been flooded with unemployed oil-field workers.

Another factor, particularly along the Mexican border, is the disintegration of
the Mexican economy. In El Paso, across the Rio Grande from Ciudad Juarez,
Mexico, crime was up 18 percent. And since local unemployment has long been very
high, Chief Joseph Messer notes the influx of people crossing illegally from
Mexico looking for work in an already weak Texas economy.

Crime Growth in Texas Cities
  Percent increase in reported major crimes from the first six months of 1985 to
the same period in 1986. Major crimes are murder, rape, robbery, assault,
burglary, theft and vehicle theft.
 State total       18.6%
   Amarillo         35.9
  Arlington         11.2
    Austin          23.5
Corpus Christi      21.7
    Dallas          19.5
   El Paso          18.4
  Fort Worth        32.7
   Houston          13.6
   Lubbock          16.8
 San Antonio        13.8
     Waco           21.7

Source: Texas Department of Public Safety UU

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Gov. Mark White (UPI)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Assistant United States Attorney

LENGTH: 1418  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Assistant United States Attorney
USAO Northern District of Texas
Attorney
1205 Texas Avenue, Suite 700
Lubbock, TX 79401
United States
15-NDTX-AUSA-1307021 CG
About the Office:

The Office of the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas is
the principal federal prosecution authority for the North Texas area, with
offices in Dallas, Fort Worth, Lubbock, Amarillo and Abilene. The Civil Division
is charged with defending agencies of the United States, enforcing regulatory
agency authority, and recovering funds from violators of U.S. criminal,
regulatory, and civil laws. The Criminal Division of our office prosecutes all
federal crimes in our jurisdiction, including acts of terrorism, public
corruption, white-collar crime, organized crime, gang activities,
internet-related crimes, and many other criminal offenses. The Appellate
Division represents the United States in cases on appeal before the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, responds to post-conviction litigation, and
keeps the district informed of developments in the law.
Job Description:

The Criminal Division is responsible for investigation and prosecution of
economic crimes, immigration, white-collar crime, counterfeiting, fraud, drug
trafficking, violent crimes, firearms, and other criminal offenses.
Qualifications:

Required qualifications: Applicants must possess a J.D. degree from an
accredited law school and be duly licensed and authorized to practice as an
attorney under the laws of a State, territory, or the District of Columbia.
Applicants must be active members in good standing of the bar (any
jurisdiction). In addition, applicants must have at least three years of
full-time experience as a licensed attorney. Qualifying legal experience may
include work as an AUSA, a judicial law clerk in either federal or state court
and/or litigation experience in either the private or public sector.

Preferred qualifications: Applicants must demonstrate a quick analytical ability
and the facility to accurately and precisely articulate the critical issues
involved with a case; superior oral and writing skills as well as strong
research and interpersonal skills, and good judgment; excellent communication
and courtroom skills and exhibit the ability to work in a supportive and
professional manner with other attorneys, support staff and client agencies, and
must have a demonstrated capacity to function with minimal guidance in a highly
demanding environment. Applicants will be expected to do their own legal
research and writing and will be substantially self-sufficient in preparing
day-to-day correspondence and pleadings. Applicants must also demonstrate
excellent computer literacy skills to include experience with automated research
on the Internet, electronic court filing, and electronic e-mail and word
processing systems.
Salary:
Assistant United States Attorneys' pay is administratively determined based, in
part, on the number of years of professional attorney experience and
availability of funds. The current range of basic pay is $51,917 to $137,409.
Travel:
Occasional Travel: 3-10 nights per year.
Application Process:

Applications must be submitted online through the following
http://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/392033100

The deadline to apply is February 4, 2015. If unable to apply on-line, the
announcement provides instructions on faxing your documents in the "How to
Apply" tab.
Application Deadline:
Wednesday, February 4, 2015
Relocation Expenses:
Relocation expenses are not authorized.
Number of Positions:
Few
Updated January 21, 2015

*         *         *
Department Policies

Equal Employment Opportunity:  The U.S. Department of Justice is an Equal
Opportunity/Reasonable Accommodation Employer.  Except where otherwise provided
by law, there will be no discrimination because of color, race, religion,
national origin, political affiliation, marital status, disability (physical or
mental), age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information,
status as a parent, membership or non-membership in an employee organization, on
the basis of personal favoritism, or any other non-merit factor.  The Department
of Justice welcomes and encourages applications from persons with physical and
mental disabilities. The Department is firmly committed to satisfying its
affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, to ensure that
persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the
basis of merit within the Department of Justice.

Reasonable Accommodations:  This agency provides reasonable accommodation to
applicants with disabilities where appropriate. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
the agency.  Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be
made on a case-by-case basis.

Outreach and Recruitment for Qualified Applicants with Disabilities:   The
Department encourages qualified applicants with disabilities, including
individuals with targeted/severe disabilities to apply in response to posted
vacancy announcements.  Qualified applicants with targeted/severe disabilities
may be eligible for direct hire, non-competitive appointment under Schedule A (5
C.F.R. § 213.3102(u)) hiring authority.  Individuals with targeted/severe
disabilities are encouraged to register for the Office of Personnel Management
(OPM) Shared List of People with Disabilities (the Bender Disability Employment
Registry) by submitting their resume to resume@benderconsult.com
Email links icon
and referencing "Federal Career Opportunities" in the subject line.  Additional
information about the Bender Registry is available at www.benderconsult.com
[external link].  Individuals with disabilities may also contact one of the
Department's Disability Points of Contact (DPOC).  See list of DPOCs.

Suitability and Citizenship:  It is the policy of the Department to achieve a
drug-free workplace and persons selected for employment will be required to pass
a drug test which screens for illegal drug use prior to final appointment.
Employment is also contingent upon the completion and satisfactory adjudication
of a background investigation. Only U.S. citizens are eligible for employment
with the Executive Office for Immigration Review and the United States
Attorneys' Offices. Unless otherwise indicated in a particular job
advertisement, non-U.S. Citizens may apply for employment with other
organizations, but should be advised that appointments of non-U.S. Citizens are
extremely rare; such appointments would be possible only if necessary to
accomplish the Department's mission and would be subject to strict security
requirements.  Applicants who hold dual citizenship in the U.S. and another
country will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Veterans:  There is no formal rating system for applying veterans' preference to
attorney appointments in the excepted service; however, the Department of
Justice considers veterans' preference eligibility as a positive factor in
attorney hiring. Applicants eligible for veterans' preference must include that
information in their cover letter or resume and attach supporting documentation
(e.g., the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty and
other supporting documentation) to their submissions. Although the "point"
system is not used, per se, applicants eligible to claim 10-point preference
must submit Standard Form (SF) 15, Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,
and submit the supporting documentation required for the specific type of
preference claimed (visit the OPM website, www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf
for a copy of SF 15, which lists the types of 10-point preferences and the
required supporting document(s). Applicants should note that SF 15 requires
supporting documentation associated with service- connected disabilities or
receipt of nonservice-connected disability pensions to be dated 1991 or later
except in the case of service members submitting official statements or
retirement orders from a branch of the Armed Forces showing that his  or her
retirement was due to a permanent service-connected disability or that he/she
was transferred to the permanent disability retired list (the statement or
retirement orders must indicate that the disability is 10% or more).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

2014 International Conference On Transnational Organized Crime & Terrorism
(ICTOCT)

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Office of Justice Programs  has issued the following news release:

2014 International Conference On Transnational Organized Crime & Terrorism
(ICTOCT)
April 13, 2014 - April 18, 2014
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  International Organization of Asian Crime Investigators and
Specialists
City:  Las Vegas
State/Territory:  Nevada
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Red Rock Resort & Spa
Classification:  Law Enforcement
Crime Prevention
Counter-Terrorism/Domestic Preparedness
Topic:  Crime Prevention
Law Enforcement
Audience/
Additional
Information:  Some 30 years ago this conference was established as the
International Asian Organized Crime Conference (IAOCC). At that time, detectives
from the Boston and New York Police Departments recognized the need to meet face
to face and network in their quest to combat Asian gangs and organized crime.
Due to the mobility of these gangs and organized crime groups, the demand for
law enforcement to network worldwide became a priority and necessity. This
conference affords the opportunity for networking with peers as well as
training, education and assistance for their investigations.

The ICTOCT is open to various delegates, including and not limited to local,
state and federal investigators, prosecutors, criminalists, analysts,
intelligence specialists, military and regional security officials.
Event URL:  http://www.icaoct.com/
Event
Contact:
Name:  Register online
Phone:  Phone not available

For more information please visit: https://www.ncjrs.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 22, 2009 Monday

EDITORIAL: Joint effort: City's residents have to help the police.

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 517 words


Jun. 22--It's good to hear Fayetteville's recent surge in violent crime is
ebbing a bit. But that's hardly reason to sit back and feel safe. We still have
a crime problem and there is much work to do to subdue it.

According to FBI statistics, violent crime in Fayetteville rose a stunning 23
percent in 2008. The sudden spike (violent crime declined in 2007) was in
dramatic contrast with statistics for the rest of the state. Many cities,
including Charlotte, Greensboro and Wilmington, saw declines in violent crime,
and others -- Raleigh and Durham -- saw slight, single-digit increases.

Property crimes, long a Fayetteville plague, continued to rise last year as
well. The city has the highest property-crime rate in the state.

While we've had no relief from property crimes, Fayetteville police statistics
show a marked decline in violent crime in the first five months of 2009. The
trend is led by a welcome 21 percent drop in robberies. Overall, violent crime
was down 7.4 percent.

The decline appears directly linked to good police work. The Fayetteville PD's
increased use of computerized crime mapping and encouragement of active
neighborhood watches put cops where the problems are, which led to the arrest of
several groups of young people responsible for a series of robberies.

But property crimes in the same period continued to rise. Burglaries were up 8.6
percent. Fayetteville has a large transient population and densely populated
clusters of apartment complexes and shopping areas -- factors that make crimes
like burglaries and break-ins into parked cars particularly attractive to
criminals who prey on newcomers' naivete about locking their cars and the
windows and doors in their apartments.

The action that will reduce violent and property crime is no mystery. It's more
of the same: aggressive policing with lots of help from alert citizens. Last
month, Police Chief Tom Bergamine outlined a comprehensive crime-fighting
program that has as its cornerstone a sharp increase in the numbers of officers
on the streets. Between 30 and 52 new hires will initially be funded by federal
grants.

The department will need an aggressive recruiting effort, since it is already
below its authorized strength because of departures of officers to jobs in
cities that offer better pay. It's essential that the city follow through on
planned increases in police pay, and that it fund a major recruiting effort as
well.

More cops won't solve Fayetteville's crime problem. But that's the starting
point.

The next step is ours. Pay attention to crime, form neighborhood watches, lock
doors, install alarms. We can make this a safe city, if we're all willing to
work at it.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090622-FY-EDITORIAL-Joint-effort-City-s-residents-have-to-help-the-police-0622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2009 The Fayetteville Observer


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FBI: Hate crimes escalate 8% in 2006;
Hispanics, Muslims, gays among those under sharper attack

BYLINE: Marisol Bello

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 409 words


Hate crimes in the USA increased 8% in 2006, but some groups, including gays,
Muslims and people with mental disabilities, experienced larger spikes in
attacks, the FBI says.

There were 7,722 hate crimes reported to the FBI in 2006. A hate crime is one
motivated by a bias against a person's race, gender or other status.

Some significant increases:

*A 19% increase in crimes motivated by religious bias. Attacks on Muslims
increased 22% to 156 last year. Attacks on Catholics increased by almost a third
to 76. Almost seven in 10 were crimes against Jews, which were up 14% to 967.

*An 18% increase in crimes against gay men and lesbians to 1,195 in 2006.

*Attacks on people with mental disabilities were up 94% to 62 in 2006.

*Hate crimes against Hispanics were up 10% to 576 incidents.

"Hate crimes impacted a wide range of groups," says Jack Levin, a sociology and
criminology professor at Northeastern University in Boston. "It seems as though
Americans are more suspicious of any group or members of a group seen as
foreign, outsiders or intruders."

Acts against Hispanics have risen by double digits for several years. Now, Levin
says, anti-immigrant feelings have extended to other groups, such as Muslims and
gays, that may be seen as a threat to mainstream culture.

The number of hate crimes reported in 2007 is likely to grow, Levin says,
fostered by the immigration debate, concerns about terrorism and high-profile
racial conflicts.

Hate crimes have gotten more attention this year, since six black students at a
high school in Jena, La., were charged with attempted murder in the beating of a
white classmate.

The beating followed several racial encounters, including one in which white
students hung nooses from a tree. That was not reported as a hate crime, partly
because the FBI said the evidence did not prove the students were motivated by
bias.

Since July, the Justice Department has investigated more than 40 noose hangings
in schools and workplaces.

The FBI is the only agency that collects data on hate crimes, but numbers are
flawed because victims are often afraid to report crimes and the number of
police agencies participating fluctuates, says Brian Levin,  director of the
Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San
Bernardino.

He cites a Bureau of Justice Statistics study that used police reports and
surveys of 77,200 households from 2000 to 2003 to estimate that 191,000 hate
crimes occur annually.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jose Luis Magana, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            November 19, 2007 Monday

Oakland 4th-most perilous U.S. city

BYLINE: By Kelly Rayburn, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 708 words


OAKLAND -- Oakland was ranked as the fourth most dangerous city in the United
States on Sunday by a controversial but closely watched private-research group
that publishes a list of the country's most dangerous cities annually. Nearby
Richmond came in at No. 9.

Oakland jumped four spots, from No. 8 last year, in this year's "City Crime
Rankings: Crime in Metropolitan America," which was published by CQ Press, a
unit of Congressional Quarterly Inc.

"Obviously, it's not something we can ignore," said City Council President
Ignacio De La Fuente (Glenview-Fruitvale). "I think that unfortunately, let's
face it, we have not been able to deal with some of the main sources of crime."

De La Fuente said city officials did not do enough over the past 12 months to
attack the problem.

"I don't think we've done a very good job, collectively," he said, "that's the
mayor, that's the chief of police and that's the council. ... We have increasing
crime in neighborhoods that have historically been safer than they are today."

Detroit earned the dubious title of most dangerous city in America. It was
followed by St. Louis and Flint, Mich.

After Oakland, at No. 4., came Camden, N.J.; Birmingham, Ala.; North Charleston,
S.C.; Memphis, Tenn.; Richmond; and Cleveland. Landing in the top 10 in the 2007
rankings, which were based on the Federal Bureau of Investigation's crime data
for 2006, is not shocking for Oakland.

"We don't need a poll to tell us that public safety is the No. 1 issue in the
hearts and minds of Oakland residents and the top priority for the mayor's
administration," said Paul Rose, a spokesman for Mayor Ron Dellums.

He attacked the credibility of the report.

"The FBI questions the use of the statistics, which forces many to question the
validity of such a poll," he said.

The FBI distanced itself from the report.

"These rough rankings provide no insight into the numerous variables that mold
crime in a particular town, city, county, state, or region," the FBI said in a
statement on its Web site. "Consequently, they lead to simplistic and/or
incomplete analyses that often create misleading perceptions adversely affecting
communities and their residents."

Indeed, criminologists and law enforcement across the country pan the
most-dangerous cities list when it is published every year. This year, the
report looked at 378 cities with at least 75,000 people. Its conclusions were
based on per-capita rates for homicide, rape, robbery, aggravated assault,
burglary and auto theft.

Each crime category was considered separately and weighted based on its
seriousness, CQ Press said. The report's findings were compiled by Kathleen
O'Leary Morgan and Scott Morgan, whose Morgan Quitno Press published the annual
list until it was acquired by CQ Press.

The details of the weighting system are kept secret. In a company statement, CQ
Press acknowledged that its lists are seen as controversial. The statement said
there are indeed differing reasons for crime levels from city to city. But it
said that shouldn't preclude people from comparing different cities' overall
crime rates.

"This would be somewhat akin to deciding not to compare athletes on their speed
in the 100-year dash because of physical or training differences," CQ Press'
statement said. "Such differences help explain the different speeds but do not
invalidate the comparisons."

In Oakland, police Chief Wayne Tucker said people might be misled by the report.

"The department is always interested in how we're being rated," he said, "but I
think a rating can be very deceptive."

He said being ranked fourth on the list of dangerous cities could easily lead
people to believe the whole city is under siege from crime. Tucker said the
reality is that crime is concentrated in "two reasonably small areas" in East
and West Oakland. He said, thus far in 2007, crime is up overall by about 2
percent, attributing that to increases in residential burglaries and domestic
violence. Homicide is down this year compared to last. There have been 111
homicides so far this year, compared to 134 at this point in 2006, when Oakland
finished the year with 148.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

Assault with a deadly weapon involving a firearm is also down this year, Tucker
said.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 25, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Violent crimeup 2nd year in a row;
FBI: Murder, robbery up after decade's fall

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 444 words


WASHINGTON -- Violent crime nationwide increased for the second consecutive year
in 2006, and murders reached their highest levels in a decade, according to the
FBI's annual crime report, released Monday.

Murder rose by nearly 2% last year and robbery increased 7% as violence
re-emerged as a central issue in several large cities after more than a decade
of decline.

The 17,034 murders  last year still do not come close to the 24,703 killings
recorded in 1991, when crime was rampant in many parts of the nation.

The overall rate of violent crime -- 473.5 per 100,000 people -- also rose for
the second straight year, although that rate represented the third-lowest total
in the past two decades.

The report showed that property theft offenses -- including car thefts --
dropped 2%, hitting their lowest level since 1987.

"While there's encouraging news in the latest crime rates from the (FBI),
violent crime remains a challenge for some communities," Justice Department
spokesman Brian Roehrkasse said.

An estimated 1.4 million violent crimes -- murders, rapes, robberies and
aggravated assaults -- occurred in 2006.

The FBI report, among the most reliable national measures of crime, closely
tracks with a survey of 56 U.S. cities published earlier this year by the Police
Executive Research Forum, an advocacy group. That survey showed a nearly 3%
increase in murder and a 6.5% jump in robbery.

"We now have two years worth of data which shows a significant departure from
the past 10 years," Executive Director Chuck Wexler said.

Among the most significant crime increases:

*Orlando recorded a 123% jump in murder, from 22 in 2005 to 49. Robbery also was
up 27%.

*In Oakland, murders rose 56%, from 93 in 2005 to 145.

*In San Francisco, robberies increased 25%, from 3,078 in 2005 to 3,858.

Police have credited factors including the breakup of the crack-cocaine drug
markets and a larger police presence in distressed communities for the previous
crime drop. The most recent increase has been less uniform than the
cocaine-fueled wave that defined the 1990s, and many cities managed to avoid the
trend.

In Denver, murders declined from 59 in 2005 to 51 in 2006, while robberies
dropped from 1,429 in 2005 to 1,280 last year. In Charlotte, violent crime
dipped by about 7% in 2006 after a surge in 2005 that featured a 30% increase in
robberies, Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Darrel Stephens said.

Recent increases in violence have prompted efforts by the federal government to
address evidence of rising gang activity and drug markets in some cities. The
Justice Department requested $200 million in 2008 to assist local law
enforcement units targeting violent crime.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: FBI (Line graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                           December 12, 2004, Sunday

We must tackle fear of crime

SECTION: Features; News; 18

LENGTH: 326 words


THERE appears to be a fascination in the media with making comparisons between
levels of safety in London and New York. Jack Grimston (If New York can tame
them, so can we, News Review, last week) highlights homicides in London this
year and compares "muggings" in London and New York, and the potential
applicability of New York's zero tolerance approach to "taming" London.

Most debate about crime is about 90% opinion and 10% fact. The level of
gun-enabled crime in London is down 10% this year and we have achieved a
detection rate of 25%, which compares favourably with the same period last year.

Over the same period, for offences where a firearm is discharged, the detection
rate has risen from 19% to 40%. The number of people arrested for offences of
commercial robbery committed with a firearm has increased by 42%. As a
percentage of overall crime, gun crime in London remains one of the lowest of
comparable world cities and significantly lower than that in New York.

There were 13 reported homicides in London during October 2004 while the figure
for New York City was 34. The Metropolitan Police has increased its detection
rate for this crime from 81% last year to 97% this year. And so far, the number
of homicides in the capital is down about 11%.

Grimston acknowledges that New York continues to have a higher homicide rate
than London, but says "this reflects a higher level of armed gang warfare". It
is difficult to see how these higher levels of gang warfare and higher homicide
rates are indicative of how a "zero tolerance" strategy makes New York "tamer"
than London.

While not wishing to minimise the tragedy of each incident, sadly they are
indicative of the society we live in, but we need to get away from the unhelpful
London-New York debate. We need to work together to build community confidence
and reduce fear, not perpetuate it.

Tarique Ghaffur Assistant Commissioner Metropolitan Police


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Letter

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday
                             FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

Wonky crime numbers benefit St. Louis

BYLINE: By JEREMY KOHLER Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 449 words


Erroneous crime statistics propelled St. Louis to its best finish in recent
years in a report to be issued Monday that ranks the nation's most dangerous
cities.

The city finished fourth most dangerous -- but it should have been third.

Police and crime experts don't put much stock in the annual report by Morgan
Quitno, a research firm based in Lawrence, Kan., which says that it publishes
the report to sate "an odd, American fascination with ranking."

(The same group chooses the smartest, healthiest and most livable states.)

Still, the report is publicized from coast to coast. St. Louis is just two years
removed from the public relations nightmare of being crowned most dangerous city
with at least 75,000 residents.

Mayor Francis Slay's chief of staff, Jeff Rainford, says, "We think not only is
(the report) useless, but it is counter productive. St. Louis has high-crime
areas, but the vast majority of our neighborhoods are safe."

Morgan Quitno are "charlatans," Rainford said, and the ranking is "inaccurate,
unfair and actually does damage to cities all over the country."

This year, the ignominy goes to Camden, N.J., a city of about 80,000 people
across the Delaware River from Philadelphia. Next were Detroit and Atlanta, said
Scott Morgan, the company president.

But Morgan said he had been unaware that St. Louis police omitted 5,760 crimes
from their 2003 crime data. Provided with the correct data on Friday, Morgan
found that St. Louis would have switched places with Atlanta.

The police corrected the error too late to include the data in the FBI's annual
crime survey, "Crime in the United States," which Morgan Quitno uses as its only
source. The firm scored cities against national averages in each category and
added the scores, weighing each crime the same.

While the ranking has its critics, "it does result in some serious discussion
taking place," Morgan said. "Mostly we get slammed as being irrelevant or
clueless. But no matter how much a city may protest, the numbers are what they
are. It forces a discussion to take place as to why we're as bad as we are."

No city wants to see crime rising, said Robert R. Friedmann, a criminal justice
professor at Georgia State University, a top U.S. criminology school.

"We have a fetish for crime numbers," Friedmann said. "Any way you look at it,
when crime numbers are released, it makes or breaks police and politicians. It's
a hot issue. Clearly numbers are very important, and sometimes we attribute to
them more than what they are.

"When crimes come down people generally say, 'OK, great,' and they move on and
nobody pays much attention. When crime goes up, that is the really bad news.
It's the bad news that makes a difference."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Link to earlier stories about the crime statistics online at
STLtoday.com/links.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 19, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Experts Wonder if Crime Drop Is Near End

BYLINE: By KEVIN FLYNN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 55; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1456 words


The overall crime rate in New York City declined again this year, but a rise in
homicides and several other factors have led some criminologists to question
whether the decade-long descent is about to bottom out.

Through Dec. 12, crime has fallen by 8 percent over last year, police statistics
show. But during that same period, the homicide rate, which is often viewed as a
bellwether for larger trends in crime, surged by 8 percent. It was the first
increase in any major crime category in the city in eight years.

Although crime dropped last year in every one of the city's 76 police precincts,
4 of them showed increases this year, as local burglary or robbery rates began
to rebound. In one neighborhood, the Fort Greene section of Brooklyn, the number
of major crimes grew by 18 percent.

Many criminologists believe that crime trends are reliably cyclical, and several
predicted that New York, given the patterns in its history, was at the end of
the downturn.

"I am leaning toward the conclusion that we have reached bottom," said James
Alan Fox, the Lipman professor of criminal justice at Northeastern University in
Boston. "The years of double-digit declines may be over."

New York's police officials, whose efforts have helped push crime to 30-year
lows, rejected any suggestion that the tide was turning. They said they had
battled such skepticism and pessimism since the early 1990's, when many people
kept insisting that a safer city was a pipe dream long after the crime rate had
begun to plunge.

Although the homicide rate rose this year, the officials said, 158 American
cities still rank above New York in crimes reported per capita, including
tourist destinations like Orlando, Fla. And, they said, the broad pattern of
decreases in other offenses is evidence that the rise in homicides is an
aberration, not a portent.

For example, robberies fell by 9 percent and assaults declined by 10 percent
this year. Overall, crime remains down 55 percent compared with the rate six
years ago, a statistic that many credit with fueling New York's booming
popularity with tourists.

"People every year keep saying, 'It's bottomed out. It's over,' " said Edward T.
Norris, the Police Department's deputy commissioner for operations. "But we
still find areas where we can improve on. I don't know when we will bottom out,
but I don't think we have hit the bottom yet."

Nationally, crime is now dropping even faster than it is in New York. Overall,
crime was down 10 percent nationwide for the first six months of this year, the
latest period for which comparative data is available, according to the
Department of Justice, compared with 7.7 percent in New York City. Crime in New
York State declined by 9 percent during the same six-month period.

Similarly, homicides are still down nationally, by 13 percent, although they
were up slightly in cities with populations greater than one million, like New
York. Although criminologists cautioned against making sweeping predictions from
a year's worth of data, some suggested that New York's small rise in homicides
might foretell a national trend.

"The big cities led the way when the numbers went down, and they also may be
leading the way as the numbers plateau," Mr. Fox said.

But several other criminologists said they shared the Police Department's
optimism, largely because of a continuing decline in auto theft in the city,
which fell by 10 percent this year and is considered a very reliable indicator.
"Auto theft is reported well because the insurance company won't pay you unless
you file a police report," said Thomas A. Reppetto, president of the Citizens
Crime Commission, a private organization.

Experts also noted that the social forces that drove the crime wave of the late
1980's -- a stagnant economy and a raging epidemic of drug use that lured many
unemployed young men into the violence of the narcotics trade -- have not
resurfaced.

But other criminologists said that even without such social accelerants, crime
in the city has historically spiraled up and down in fairly regular cycles. In
the last three decades, for example, the crime rate has peaked in 1972, 1979 and
1990, and then slumped for several years before rising again, said Jeffrey
Fagan, a criminologist who teaches at Columbia University.

"If we are not at the bottom now, we are likely to hit the bottom very soon,"
Mr. Fagan said. "You can't have unending crime increases or decreases, and the
past is the best predictor of the future."

In neighborhoods where crime has rebounded, it is often the sight of resurgent
street-corner drug traffic, not any statistical abstraction, that has local
leaders concerned. In the Seventh Precinct, for example, which covers the Lower
East Side, serious crime is up 8 percent, including a 16 percent rise in
robberies and a 26 percent increase in burglaries. City Councilwoman Margarita
Lopez said tenant groups began noticing an increase in street-corner drug sales
about 18 months ago.

"We think there is a connection between this activity and the rise in burglaries
and the robberies," she said. "There is no question to me."

Predicting patterns becomes particularly difficult when the period being studied
is already somewhat unusual, as the last nine years have been. Seldom has crime
in the city declined as sharply as it has in the past few years, criminologists
said.

"Look at how much difficulty economists have with the stock market," said Eric
Monkkonen, a historian of crime who teaches at the University of California, Los
Angeles. "And this is much more complicated than the stock market."

Mr. Monkkonen, who is writing a book about murder in New York City, said that
the last time crime dropped so precipitously in the city was in 1931, when New
York was reeling from the Depression. There were 562 homicides that year, only
17 percent fewer than the number projected for this year. By 1943, when the
nation and its young men were fully engaged in World War II, the number of
homicides had dropped to 208.

This year, overall crime has declined in every borough, as well as in the subway
system and in public housing. Citywide, rapes went down by 16 percent and
burglaries declined by 13 percent. Shooting incidents increased by less than 1
percent, even though gun arrests were down by 14 percent.

Certain places grew noticeably safer, like Central Park, where overall crime
declined by 30 percent, including a 22 percent drop in robberies and a 52
percent drop in assaults. Crime also dropped dramatically in the 33rd Precinct,
which covers much of Washington Heights, where there was a 30 percent drop in
assaults.

But the homicide rate rose in both of those places and across much of the city
for reasons police officials are still exploring. Officials estimate the
homicide count will rise to 680 by year's end, compared with 633 last year,
although the number is still nowhere near the toll in 1990, when the city
suffered through a record 2,245 homicides.

Commissioner Norris said the homicide rate appeared to have been driven up by an
increase in gang activity, a surge in domestic violence and a downturn in
aggressiveness by the police after the shooting of Amadou Diallo, which provoked
criticism that too many officers were brutish on patrol. The department has
tried to address these concerns with initiatives, like expanding domestic
violence units in some precincts and forcing more officers to work weekends,
when much of the alcohol-related domestic abuse occurs, the commissioner said.

As a result of the initiatives, officials said, the homicide rate has slowed
dramatically since June, when homicides were running 15 percent ahead of last
year's tally. For the second half of the year, homicides increased by 2 percent.

Several criminologists said one factor that could lead to an increase in crime
in New York was the anticipated growth over the next few years in a crime-prone
population, young men 15 to 24 years old. To analysts who believe that
demographic trends have as much to do with crime patterns as police work, the
New York City decline has always been partly explained by a drop in the number
of teenagers and young males during the last eight years.

Police officials resist this notion that somehow their efforts -- a crackdown on
quality-of-life offenses, a commitment to gun seizures, a re-emphasis on
intelligence-gathering and neighborhood drug initiatives -- played second fiddle
to the dictates of a particular population decline.

"We take a lot of credit for most of the decline," Mr. Norris said. "As it goes
up, I think we would take a lot of the criticism. But we are confident that we
can reduce further and certainly maintain the gains we've enjoyed."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "A Sudden End To an Eight-Year Drop"
After years of decline, New York City's homicide rate is once again edging
upward.

The graph shows the number of murders in New York City from 1988 to the
projected number in 1999. (Source: New York City Police Department)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 8, 1996, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Q & A ON THE NEWS

BYLINE: Colin Bessonette

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 02A Colin Bessonette

LENGTH: 656 words


Do you have a question about the news - local, national or international? Colin
Bessonette will try to get and answer. Call 404-222- 2002 on a Touch- Tone phone
and follow the instructions. On Access Atlanta, the AJCs online service, jump:
Q&A to ask a question or read hundreds of recent Q&A answers.

Q: Recent articles have mentioned the nation's strategic oil reserve. How and
where is this oil kept? I heard that some of it will be sold. - Ronald
Jefferson, Lithonia

A: The Strategic Petroleum Reserve - estimated at 590 million barrels, enough to
provide 68 days of "import oil protection" - is stored in underground salt
caverns along the Gulf Coast of Louisiana and Texas. Conceived at the height of
the Middle East oil embargo in 1973-74 and established in 1975, it's the
nation's main insurance against oil supply and price disruptions. In the wake of
a consumer backlash over high gasoline prices, President Clinton recently
announced plans to sell 12 million barrels to help bring down soaring prices.
(Congress had ordered the sale to raise money for education programs.) Critics
called Clinton's action a political gambit that is quite literally a drop in the
bucket, amounting to less than a single day's consumption nationwide.

Q: How can I get tickets to next year's Kentucky Derby? - Mary Morris, Atlanta

A: Tickets are handled on an annual request basis. Every year, people must make
a written request, even if they had tickets the previous year, a Churchill Downs
spokeswoman said.

If you have Internet access, you can get information at www.kentuckyderby. com.

If you don't have Internet access, send your written request to: Ticketing
Department, Churchill Downs, 700 Central Ave., Louisville, Ky. 40208. The only
way you'll know that you're getting tickets is if you receive an invoice.

Q: It recently was reported that Atlanta ranks high in crime among U.S. cities.
What cities rank the lowest?

-Mike Payne, Marietta

A: A spokesman for the FBI in Washington declined to provide a list, saying the
agency's Uniform Crime Report is simply "raw data" giving a picture of how much
crime is being reported in the United States. "We caution people against
interpreting the data and drawing conclusions," he said, "because so many
factors are known to influence crime in particular areas." He cited
effectiveness of law enforcement, high concentrations of youth, cultural factors
and even bizarre outside influences such as the Oklahoma City bombing as factors
skewing statistics.

However, USA Today used the FBI's preliminary 1995 data to list cities with the
lowest homicide rates, obviously a factor in overall crime rates. Warren, Mich.,
and Thousand Oaks, Calif., reported no homicides in 1995. Those with one
homicide each were Fremont, Calif.; Mesquite, Texas; Amherst, N.Y.; and Livonia,
Mich. Rounding out the Top 10, with two homicides each, were Lincoln, Neb.;
Irvine, Calif.; Alexandria, Va.; and Independence, Mo.

Q: How can I contact the Hillary Clinton Fan Club? - Dolores Thornton, Atlanta

A: The local organizer is Kit Brandt Talreja, The Lakehouse, 155 Chickering Lake
Drive, Roswell, Ga. 30075 (770-518-0644). To reach the national headquarters,
contact the founders: Ruth and Eugene Love, Hillary Rodham Clinton Fan Club,
15115 Interlachen Drive, Apt. 314, Silver Spring, Md. 20906 (301-598-7651).

Q: Can you give me Newt Gingrich's mailing address and phone number in
Washington? - Alfred Schwartz, Atlanta

A: Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, 2428 Rayburn House Office Building,
Independence Avenue and South Capitol Street S.W., Washington, D.C. 20525
(202-225-4501).

Q: Is there any organization that can advise me about the status of an
ophthalmologist in Atlanta? I want to know if there have been any complaints
about surgery. - Marjorie Wood, Marietta

A: Call the Medical Association of Atlanta Information and Referral Service,
404-881-1714.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 17, 1993, Tuesday

Target crime as disease, urges mayor

BYLINE: By David Pendered STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 1

LENGTH: 301 words


Atlanta Mayor Maynard H. Jackson on Monday asked Fulton County public health
leaders to develop a sweeping program to reduce the rate of violent crime.

"You mix guns and dope together, and you have mixed yourself a brew that will
destroy this country, unless something happens now that is constitutional,
creative and dynamic," Mayor Jackson said. "We have got to stop gun violence,
and gun violence needs to be put in the context of a health issue."

The mayor asked the Atlanta City Council to join him in urging Fulton County
health officials to collaborate with federal health experts in devising a
broad-brush plan to reduce violence. Although he declined to offer any
guidelines, Mayor Jackson said repeatedly that all would-be gun owners should
first pass a background check.

Fulton County officials, and the National Rifle Association, which successfully
opposed a statewide background check in the Legislature this year, could not be
reached for comment on the mayor's proposal to expand the effort to stem
violence beyond the existing network of police, courts and jails.

Atlanta and Fulton County could become the largest Southern community to develop
such a program, said Dr. James A. Mercy of the National Center for Injury
Prevention and Control, part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
in Atlanta.

"The focus should be on primary prevention," Dr. Mercy said. "The problem is so
big that the criminal justice system alone can't handle it." Health workers, he
said, would focus on educational programs to reduce the frequency in which
people resort to violence.

Similar plans were started about a year ago in Durham, N.C.; Boston; New York
City; and Houston and in California, Dr. Mercy said. DeKalb County and Clarkston
recently kicked off small programs, he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932310216

GRAPHIC: The last paragraph did not appear in the final edition of The Atlanta
Constitution. Color photo: mug of Maynard Jackson (ran in The Atlanta Journal
only)

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 5, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

With Success of Cameras, Concerns Over Privacy

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 709 words


Video surveillance cameras, which the New York Police Department wants to
install in the city's housing projects, subways and possibly on certain streets,
have been credited with driving down crime in Baltimore's central business
district and in several Boston housing projects. But other police departments
around the country have unplugged their cameras, saying that they did not reduce
crime, and civil libertarians worry about the ramifications of allowing the
government to videotape its law-abiding citizens.

Baltimore has one of the country's most ambitious video surveillance programs.
Sixteen cameras are trained on the Howard Street corridor, in the heart of the
city's downtown, and police officers and security guards watch television
monitors around the clock in a nearby kiosk. If no crimes are observed, the
police say, they destroy or erase the tapes within 96 hours.

Since it began in January 1996, the program -- which is jointly run by the
Baltimore City Police Department, a business organization called the Downtown
Partnership and the city's Mass Transit Administration -- has been credited with
reducing crime and capturing three suspected car thieves. Crime in the areas
that were monitored dropped 10 percent during the program's first few months,
and in the third quarter of 1996, the last period for which statistics were
available, overall crime fell 50 percent from a year earlier.

And while there have been no complaints about invasion of privacy or a violation
of rights, some worry that the cameras may be altering people's behavior as they
walk the downtown streets. "There may very well have been lovers who did not
steal a kiss or pedestrians who did not scratch a place that needed to be
scratched, but it is hard to measure these things," said Susan Goering, the
executive director of the Maryland Civil Liberties Union.

In Boston, the police used a Federal grant to install cameras and train security
guards at three crime-ridden housing projects in the city's Roxbury section
three years ago. Capt. Charles Cellucci, who oversees the program, said that the
projects had seen a marked decline in drug dealing, drive-by shootings and other
crimes that had plagued the residents. Security guards monitor the cameras, and
turn tapes over to the police when crimes are committed.

The cameras, which can be focused and turned by remote control, look at the
projects' entrances and exits, its courtyards and common areas and its
surrounding streets and buildings. But the police have had to increase the
number of cameras they use steadily as criminals got used to being filmed and
learned to move just out of range.

"The cameras have been effective in several cases," Captain Cellucci said. "We
identified people in drug cases. It's been useful in evicting problem tenants.
It has been instrumental in finding both witnesses and suspects and in getting
the license plates of suspicious vehicles."

The cameras did not work in Miami Beach. In 1981, the Miami Beach police
installed 20 video cameras -- and 80 empty video boxes so that people would not
know where they were being videotaped -- as part of a pilot program. But the
cameras were removed a year later because there was no evidence that they led to
diminished crime and they required constant maintenance.

"We quickly learned that this was probably the most boring show on television,"
said Ken Glassman, a former police chief. "The monitors were black and white, so
you could not describe the suspect's clothes or what they looked like. And crime
is almost instantaneous, it happens so quickly that even if you're watching the
monitor you may not be aware that you are watching a crime."

Cameras are already used in some of New York's subway stations and at some city
swimming pools. But a wider program failed once before in New York, in 1973,
when the Police Department installed cameras in Times Square. It was abandoned
after 22 months and only 10 arrests.

Whether video cameras are effective, Norman Siegel, the executive director of
the New York Civil Liberties Union, said that the plan "raises the Orwellian
specter of big brother government spying on its residents and compiling a video
data base of law-abiding New Yorkers."

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 5, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

JAPANESE HELD IN HAWAII IN CRIME CRACKDOWN

BYLINE: By ROBERT TRUMBULL, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 551 words

DATELINE: HONOLULU, Sept. 3


Drug-enforcement officers here and in Hong Kong have arrested eight men
described as major Japanese crime figures and seized a large amount of heroin
and other drugs, Federal officials announced Tuesday.

United States Attorney Daniel Bent said the operation ''appears to be the most
significant prosecution of Japanese crime'' in the United States.

Masashi Takenaka, one of three suspects arrested Monday in Honolulu, was
identified by the authorities here as the head of Japan's largest organized
crime syndicate, the Yamaguchi-gumi, based in Osaka. The two other men arrested
here, Toyohiko Itoh and Kiyoshi Kajita, also hold high rank in the Osaka
criminal organization, officials said.

Brother Slain in January

Mr. Takenaka, 48 years old, was identified as the younger brother of Masahisa
Takenaka, who was known as Japan's Godfather. Masahisa Takenaka led the
Yamaguchi-gumi until he was slain in Japan in January.

The Yamaguchi-gumi, with a membership estimated by the authorities at 10,000 to
11,000 members, is the dominant group in Japanese organized crime, collectively
known as the Yakuza.

Local police officers and Federal law-enforcement officials said the Yakuza was
becoming increasingly involved in prostitution, gambling and other crimes on the
United States mainland after establishing itself in Honolulu more than a decade
ago.

Yakuza members are easily identified by their tattooing, which often covers most
of the body, and sometimes by a partly amputated finger. Gang members
customarily cut off part of a finger to atone for infractions of the Yakuza
code.

The three men arrested in Honolulu Monday were arraigned in a Federal Court here
Tuesday on criminal charges. The complaint alleged, among other things, that Mr.
Takenaka and others had conspired to recruit American associates and to smuggle
100 pistols, five machine guns and three rocket launchers into Japan from
Hawaii.

The law-enforcement authorities have said that the Yakuza was establishing a
small but growing presence in the United States in recent years. ''Some form of
Yakuza elements are beginning to be operational in at leaset Hawaii, California,
Nevada, Colorado and perhaps New York,'' James D. Harmon Jr., chief counsel to
the President's Commission on Organized Crime, said at a hearing in New York in
October.

The principal victims of the small number of Yakuza members beleived to be
operating in the United States were Japanese tourists and business travelers,
according to law-enforcement officials.

Investigators said there were indications that more and more members were
emigrating to the United States because of a crackdown in Japan and because of
the growing Japanese economic activity here.

Billions From Crime

In Japan, the Yakuza is said to control a multibillion-dollar empire of
gambling, prostitution, drug-dealing, gun-smuggling and loan sharking. The
Japanese authorities have also linked the 250-year-old group to a number of
legal enterprises.

According to the Japanese National Police Agency, the Yakuza includes more than
2,000 Japanese criminal organizations with a total membership of 96,000.

The seized narcotics, collected over a year-long investigation here and in Hong
Kong, included 2 pounds of heroin and 32 pounds of amphetamines, agents said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday

National hate crimes count weakened by irregular reporting

LENGTH: 397  words


More than half of Indiana's police agencies failed to file hate crime reports
with the FBI between 2009 and 2014, a trend advocates say is troubling and one
reason why state lawmakers need to change the state's standing as one of five
states without a hate crime law.

An analysis by The Associated Press found that 281 of Indiana's 535 police
agencies, or 52 percent, were among more than 2,700 agencies in the U.S. that
didn't file hate crime reports in that six-year span. The no-response rate for
Indiana is three times the national no-response average of 17 percent  and the
third-highest percentage in the U.S. of police departments that didn't file the
voluntary reports, behind only Louisiana and Mississippi.

Chris Paulsen, the campaign manager for the gay rights group Freedom Indiana,
said crimes against LGBT residents, as well as people targeted because of their
religion, ethnicity and other bias factors, go unreported every year in Indiana.

"I'm not surprised they're not reporting because what would they report?"
Paulsen said of the AP's findings. "There are all kinds of hate crimes that go
unreported because there's no mechanism for reporting them."

Legislation that would have created an Indiana hate-crime designation allowing
for tougher sentences by taking into account a victim's race, religion, gender
identity and other factors was approved this year by the Indiana Senate, but the
House took no action on that bill.

The other states without hate crime protections are Arkansas, Georgia, South
Carolina and Wyoming.

Indiana's current lack of such protections shouldn't be a hindrance to police
investigations into suspected hate crimes, said Rob Wiley, the president of the
Indiana Association of Chiefs of Police and police chief in the northeastern
Indiana city of Kendallville.

"If those factors are evident, they're going to be included in an
investigation," he said.

But Wiley said there could be some confusion among departments about what to
report to the FBI, including whether they should file data even if they had no
hate crimes to report in a given year.

All of the 281 agencies that did not file hate crime reports are in relatively
small communities. Among the largest is Zionsville, an affluent suburb of about
25,000 northwest of Indianapolis that has one of the nation's lowest crime rates
for communities of its size. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Washington: 2014 International Conference On Transnational Organized
Crime & Terrorism (ICTOCT)

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Office of Justice Programs has issued the following news release:

2014 International Conference On Transnational Organized Crime & Terrorism
(ICTOCT)
April 13, 2014 - April 18, 2014
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  International Organization of Asian Crime Investigators and
Specialists
City:  Las Vegas
State/Territory:  Nevada
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Red Rock Resort & Spa
Classification:  Law Enforcement
Crime Prevention
Counter-Terrorism/Domestic Preparedness
Topic:  Crime Prevention
Law Enforcement
Audience/
Additional
Information:  Some 30 years ago this conference was established as the
International Asian Organized Crime Conference (IAOCC). At that time, detectives
from the Boston and New York Police Departments recognized the need to meet face
to face and network in their quest to combat Asian gangs and organized crime.
Due to the mobility of these gangs and organized crime groups, the demand for
law enforcement to network worldwide became a priority and necessity. This
conference affords the opportunity for networking with peers as well as
training, education and assistance for their investigations.

The ICTOCT is open to various delegates, including and not limited to local,
state and federal investigators, prosecutors, criminalists, analysts,
intelligence specialists, military and regional security officials.
Event URL:  http://www.icaoct.com/
Event
Contact:
Name:  Register online
Phone:  Phone not available

For more information please visit: https://www.ncjrs.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

Washington: 2014 International Conference On Transnational Organized Crime &
Terrorism (ICTOCT)

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Office of Justice Programs has issued the following news release:

2014 International Conference On Transnational Organized Crime & Terrorism
(ICTOCT)
April 13, 2014 - April 18, 2014
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  International Organization of Asian Crime Investigators and
Specialists
City:  Las Vegas
State/Territory:  Nevada
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Red Rock Resort & Spa
Classification:  Law Enforcement
Crime Prevention
Counter-Terrorism/Domestic Preparedness
Topic:  Crime Prevention
Law Enforcement
Audience/
Additional
Information:  Some 30 years ago this conference was established as the
International Asian Organized Crime Conference (IAOCC). At that time, detectives
from the Boston and New York Police Departments recognized the need to meet face
to face and network in their quest to combat Asian gangs and organized crime.
Due to the mobility of these gangs and organized crime groups, the demand for
law enforcement to network worldwide became a priority and necessity. This
conference affords the opportunity for networking with peers as well as
training, education and assistance for their investigations.

The ICTOCT is open to various delegates, including and not limited to local,
state and federal investigators, prosecutors, criminalists, analysts,
intelligence specialists, military and regional security officials.
Event URL:  http://www.icaoct.com/
Event
Contact:
Name:  Register online
Phone:  Phone not available

For more information please visit: https://www.ncjrs.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

Washington: 2014 International Conference On Transnational Organized Crime &
Terrorism (ICTOCT)

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Office of Justice Programs has issued the following news release:

2014 International Conference On Transnational Organized Crime & Terrorism
(ICTOCT)
April 13, 2014 - April 18, 2014
Sponsoring
Organization(s):  International Organization of Asian Crime Investigators and
Specialists
City:  Las Vegas
State/Territory:  Nevada
Country:  USA
Event Site:  Red Rock Resort & Spa
Classification:  Law Enforcement
Crime Prevention
Counter-Terrorism/Domestic Preparedness
Topic:  Crime Prevention
Law Enforcement
Audience/
Additional
Information:  Some 30 years ago this conference was established as the
International Asian Organized Crime Conference (IAOCC). At that time, detectives
from the Boston and New York Police Departments recognized the need to meet face
to face and network in their quest to combat Asian gangs and organized crime.
Due to the mobility of these gangs and organized crime groups, the demand for
law enforcement to network worldwide became a priority and necessity. This
conference affords the opportunity for networking with peers as well as
training, education and assistance for their investigations.

The ICTOCT is open to various delegates, including and not limited to local,
state and federal investigators, prosecutors, criminalists, analysts,
intelligence specialists, military and regional security officials.
Event URL:  http://www.icaoct.com/
Event
Contact:
Name:  Register online
Phone:  Phone not available

For more information please visit: https://www.ncjrs.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            October 17, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Violent crime sees four-year zenith;
Police chief: Homicides down, but robberies, assaults, rapes up

BYLINE: RAY GRONBERG gronberg@heraldsun.com; 419-6648

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 427  words


Violent crime in Durham reached a four-year peak in the first half of 2006,
despite a sharp reduction in the number of homicides, Police Chief Steve
Chalmers told the City Council Monday night.

The increase over the same period in 2005 was driven by jumps in the number of
rapes, robberies and aggravated assaults, according to numbers provided by the
Durham Police Department. Rapes and assaults were at a four-year high, and the
number of robberies was as high as it's been at any time since 2003.

All told, there were 916 violent crimes in the first half of 2006, compared to
678 in the same stretch of 2005, a 35 percent increase.

The good news, as far as Chalmers and other officials were concerned, was that
the city's murder rate was down sharply. There were only seven homicides in the
in the first half of the year, compared to 18 the year before.

Department figures showed that six major North Carolina cities -- Asheville,
Charlotte, Fayetteville, Greensboro, Greenville and Winston-Salem -- had higher
murder rates than Durham's. But Durham's rate was still the highest among the
Triangle's four main cities, with Raleigh providing the closest competition.

Council members welcomed the news on homicides, but fretted about the jump in
other types of violent crime.

"The concern is that with the overall 35 percent increase in violent crime, it's
a matter of time before you see that murder rate increasing," Councilman Thomas
Stith said. "With that level of increase, do we not still have an environment
where our citizens will say, 'I don't feel comfortable, I don't feel safe?'"

The council was also unhappy to hear that a man arrested in connection with last
year's quadruple homicide on Alpine Road may have committed the crime only about
two weeks after being arrested and charged with a long string of drug offenses.
The suspect, Roderick Vernard Duncan, was out on a $100,000 bond after initially
being held in lieu of $500,000.

Members said they'd like to push the General Assembly to enact laws mandating
tougher bond practices in cases that combine drug and firearms offenses.

Councilmen Howard Clement and Eugene Brown also urged Chalmers to crack down
harder on prostitution, comments that followed a weekend that saw officers
arrest 14 men and women on a variety of soliciting charges.

Clement said he wants police to make shame an element of their strategy.

"I won't be completely happy with the prostitution situation until we see
pictures of the Johns as well as the Jeans in the story," he said. "Something
should be done to publicize the pictures."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug: CHALMERS, STITH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Durham Herald Co.


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            December 16, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Crime comparison a useful exercise

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 436  words


A comparison of Durham crime to other places around the nation released
Wednesday by the Durham Convention and Visitors' Bureau provides a useful
reality check. In short, the message is twofold: First, it's true that Durham
has a problem with crime, but second, it is a problem shared by many other urban
areas across the country.

It's an important message to broadcast, because, besides having a problem with
actual crime, we know that Durham's other crime problem is perception -- that
many believe crime in Durham is much worse than it actually is.

As DCVB President Reyn Bowman said, the data should not be used as an excuse to
lessen the intensity of crime fighting. It should be used, as he said, "to
empower residents, newcomers and opinion leaders when faced with misperceptions
about crime."

The report compares Durham with 10 southeastern cities of similar size and with
29 similar cities across the nation. Here are some of the report's findings, all
from 2004:

* The crime that stirs the strongest fear and loathing is homicide, and in that
category, Durham's rate of 15 per 100,000 is very close to the national average.
There is certainly no joy in the fact that the murder capital among the
comparison cities is Richmond, with 47 per 100,000. But Richmond is an anomaly.
The city with the next highest rate in this study is Flint, Mich. at 32.

But if you want one reason for Durham's perception as a high crime city, look at
the per 100,000 homicide rates for nearby cities to which we are often compared:
Greensboro with 6 and Raleigh with 5.

* When all violent crimes -- homicide, rape, robbery and assault -- are
considered, Durham's 775 per 100,000 compares well with the average among the
southern cities of 906, or the national average of 951. That means you are less
likely to be the victim of a violent crime in Durham than in most other cities
in the study. Durham also looks good in motor vehicle thefts, with an average of
469 per 100,000, compared to 671 in the south and 812 nationally.

* Where Durham doesn't stack up well, as Bowman concedes, is in burglaries. At
1,612 burglaries per 100,000 population, Durham is well above the southern
cities' average of 1,393 and the national average of 1,479.

The report, which has been done for many years now, is worth continuing, but not
only to curb misperceptions about Durham. It is also a reminder to law
enforcement and other agencies about what is working and what isn't. We should
give our police and courts credit for doing a good job fighting crime in many
categories and nudge them to redouble their efforts to reduce burglaries and
homicides.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 24, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Nonprofit Eyes Net Gains in Public Safety;
Loudoun Crime Commission Involves Residents and Law Enforcement Officers

BYLINE: Karin Brulliard, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Loudoun Extra; T03

LENGTH: 812 words


It has organizational flowcharts and 11 pages of bylaws. It has committees,
brochures and a handful of board members.

Now, the Loudoun Crime Commission  --  a private, nonprofit group formed to help
combat crime in the county  --  is looking for more members.

The commission, the brainchild of Loudoun businessman Michael Spak, will hold
its first meeting Tuesday. By Friday, Spak said, about 75 people had signed up
to eat breakfast and listen to "marquee speaker" Paul J. McNulty, U.S. attorney
for the Eastern District of Virginia.

But Spak, 57, expects many more will come  --  and if he's right, that will be
just the beginning. Soon, he hopes, the commission's monthly gatherings will be
brimming with law enforcement officers, residents, executives and small business
owners brainstorming about how to keep crime low as the county grows.

Loudoun, Spak figures, is full of people wondering how they can serve their
community.

"This is going to allow them a way to do that," he said.

Spak counts himself among them. A former CIA agent and Los Angeles police
officer, Spak now runs a Lansdowne consulting company and the Amber Creek
Vineyard in Leesburg. Recently, he started feeling like he wanted to give back.
A friend in Dallas told Spak about the crime commission there. Spak, pondering
the idea while tending to his vines last fall, thought it might work in Loudoun.

He acknowledges that the Loudoun Crime Commission might be the oddball on the
list of the 20 or so places that have them,  including New York City, Chicago
and Atlanta, all of which are big cities with big-city crime. Loudoun's crime
rate, on the other hand, is less than half the national average, according to
local and Justice Department statistics.

But Spak figures that won't last in fast-growing Loudoun. It is best to head
crime off at the pass, he said.

"The companion to population growth is crime," Spak said. "I don't care how good
law enforcement is."

Local law enforcement agencies have gotten on board: The Loudoun County
Sheriff's Office and Leesburg police each appointed an officer to act as a
liaison to the commission. Sheriff Stephen O. Simpson said he was especially
encouraged by the idea of involving Loudoun-based businesses  --  and their
dollars  --  in the crime-fighting effort.

"I hope it works. The more invested the community can be, the more effective we
can be," he said. "This is an avenue to do that locally."

In January, Spak and the two officers  --  Maj. Bob Brendel of the sheriff's
office and Leesburg police Lt. Wes Thompson  --  flew to Dallas to immerse
themselves in the crime commission there. They came back with a three-ring
binder full of plans.

"It's a win-win for law enforcement and for the community because they're not
looking to replace budgets or to strong-arm anybody into anything," Thompson
said. "It's an apolitical, stand-alone entity that is just looking to better law
enforcement and crime just in Loudoun. I'm sold on it."

For now, the crime commission's leadership consists of Spak, the acting
executive director; Linda Nargi, his part-time assistant; and three board
members Spak has recruited.

But the group's structure and mission statement  --  "fighting crime is every
citizen's business," it reads in part  --  have been carefully mapped out. Once
the commission's membership blooms, it will elect an all-volunteer board of
directors, Spak said. Three positions  --  the executive director, assistant and
a chief financial officer  --  will be paid.

Members will be able to serve on several committees. Some will tackle crime
issues; others will raise and dole out grant money to law enforcement and honor
local crime fighters.

Spak said one challenge will be building an economically diverse membership
roster. Most members will fork over as much as $50 in yearly dues and $20 for
each monthly breakfast meeting; nonmembers must pay $25 to attend a meeting.
Those selected to sit on the Board of Directors will have to cough up $5,000 in
annual dues. Sponsorships might be an option, he said.

"If we find out that a certain sector of the society wants to but cannot come,
we have to be receptive of it," he said.

Spak has poured in $25,000 of his own "seed money" to get the commission
started, and he is soliciting donations from executive friends. He has printed
up brochures, reserved a Landsdowne conference center for future meetings and
launched a Web site, www.loudouncrimecommission.org.

On a recent morning, a briefcase full of commission flyers sat on a table in
Spak's office. He said he planned to take them to businesses that afternoon.
Spak said nearly everyone he has told about the commission, from CEOs to federal
law enforcement officers, has signed on.

"Every month, we're going to make a difference  --  somehow, somewhere  --  once
we get up and running," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            March 10, 2005 Thursday

ACTIVISTS LINK HATE CRIMES, ANTI-GAY RHETORIC

BYLINE: ANNE CONSTABLE

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-5

LENGTH: 802 words


Attempts to deny the benefits of legal marriage to gay and lesbian couples
nationwide are prompting hate crimes -- which Santa Fe police are calling last
week's beating of James Maestas, a 21-year-old gay man -- according to opponents
of a bill now in the state Legislature to limit marriage to a man and a woman.

But can hate-crime increases be attributed to a backlash against attention to
gay issues?

Many gay activists blamed anti-gay rhetoric and a newspaper ad campaign
sponsored by religious groups for creating a climate of hostility that led to
the 1998 beating death of Wyoming college student Matthew Shepard.

New York Times columnist Frank Rich wrote at the time, "It's a story as old as
history. Once any group is successfully scapegoated as a subhuman threat to
'normal' values by a propaganda machine, emboldened thugs take over."

But the correlation between crime and rhetoric, while it seems to make sense, is
hard to confirm, according to The Washington Blade, a gay-and-lesbian newspaper
that reaches 100,000 readers each week. An analysis of hate crimes against gays
in the 1990s showed mixed results, the paper reported.

The number of hate crimes climbed in Colorado and Oregon following contentious
anti-gay initiatives in 1992, The Blade found. But when Portland, Maine, and
Tampa, Fla., debated whether to overturn laws prohibiting discrimination based
on sexual orientation, there was no evident rise in hate crimes against gays.

Ken Martinez, a sponsor of the hate-crime legislation that passed the New Mexico
Legislature in 2003, didn't quite make this connection. "There's no perfect
society. There are going to be issues like this, and it's important that we
state as a society that this is not acceptable behavior."

But he added, "Mostly, I think this is thugs and hooligans. And it's
unfortunate."

Gay-rights activists disagree, citing laws affecting blacks in the United States
and South Africa and Jews in Germany.

Activists are planning sit-ins Friday at the offices of four state legislators:
Sen. Richard Martinez, D-Española; Sen. Lidio Rainaldi, D-Gallup; Rep. Gloria
Vaughn, R-Alamogordo; and Sen. William Sharer, R-Farmington. Activists say the
four lawmakers are involved in aspects of the state's Definition of Marriage
Act.

"The government creates the moral code for the general public. It sets the tone
for how people think about things and behave in the world," said Martha Trolin,
a founder of Equality New Mexico.

By proposing such legislation, "We tell people that gays are second-class
citizens and don't have to be treated with the same respect. Somehow we're
anti-Christian, immoral and it's OK to beat up on fags," she added.

Mary Ellen Capek, chairwoman of the Equality New Mexico Foundation, said the
existence of anti-gay legislation signals that "not only are we second-class
citizens, but evil and violent and depraved. That's the message we're sending
out to kids like those who beat up those young men."

According to Capek, research shows that the majority of young people who harass,
bully and assault sexual minorities don't fit the stereotype of hate-filled
extremists; they are average young people who often don't see anything wrong
with their behavior.

"This is what kids get coming at them in churches and from their homes," she
said, "and then we're surprised when kids turn around and kick and beat?"

The Rev. Holly Beaumont, director of the Santa Fe Jewish and Christian Dialogue,
also made a connection to what's going on in the Legislature. "Whether it's
religious leaders speaking out against homosexuality on a Biblical basis or
leaders in the government who are talking about protecting and defending
marriage, all of us have to take responsibility for how that gets translated in
the minds of some. They believe they are doing what's right in the eyes of
government and the eyes of the religious community."

Beaumont compared gay bashing today to the Christians who marked Good Friday
during the Middle Ages by beating up on Jews. "They believed what they were
doing had been sanctioned by the passion narrative they had just heard in the
sanctuary. They were out to revenge the Christ killers."

"I make a connection between the fact that this happened here and now and the
conversations in the Legislature," she said.

Deborah Fort, a professor of film at the College of Santa Fe, said she was as
concerned about the effect of DOMA legislation on the self-esteem of young gays
and lesbians who have higher suicide rates. "What these bills are saying is,
'Yeah, you better be concerned about your life because you're not considered an
equal citizen in this culture.' "

(Sidebar)

If you go ...

What: sit-in to oppose the Definition of Marriage Act

When: 8 a.m. Friday

Where: east side of Roundhouse

Who: Anti-Homophobic Action Committee at the College of Santa Fe

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                               September 24, 2004

THE US HAS ITS VIOLENT SIDE BUT COUNTRY LIFE IS PEACEFUL

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 119 words


I HAVE read with interest the letters from people comparing violent crime in
Britain with the situation in A merica ("Britain is now riddled w ith bad
behaviour and crime", Letters, September 22).

I am English, and have been back in this country that I love a month, having
spent the past four years just outside Boston.

I've seen drunken young men in Boston causing trouble, and fans at baseball
games get into fights. The murder rate in one part of the city is high.

But that was in the city, in rural areas most people live in safety.

Where I lived, in a rural area, we did not lock our houses or cars.

I just wish we could have the best of both countries.

Angus Gilbert, Dartford, Kent

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2004 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               September 28, 2003 Sunday 1 North Pinellas Edition

Hate crimes down after surging after 9/11 attacks

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: METRO & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE; JACKSONVILLE


The state's incidence of hate-related crimes was down 8.7 percent in 2002 from
the year before, Attorney General Charlie Crist announced Thursday.

The reduction reversed a sharp spike in crimes targeting people based on their
race and ethnicity in the aftermath of the previous year's terrorist attacks on
the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, Crist said.

Law enforcement agencies in Florida reported a total of 306 hate crimes in 2002.
More than half were categorized as race-related crimes. Crimes based on the
victim's sexual orientation were the second most prevalent type of hate crime,
accounting for 56 of the hate crimes reported last year.

But the downward trend in 2002 is largely being attributed to the decrease in
crimes based on ethnicity or religion, which increased sharply at the end of
2001.

Ex-president speaks at halftime of college game

JACKSONVILLE - The football players at Edward Waters College and Shaw University
were overshadowed Saturday by the halftime show: former President Bill Clinton.

As Clinton walked across the football field, a roar went up from the 17,410
fans.

"We want kids and their parents and other people . . . to support the
historically black colleges and universities," Clinton said.

Clinton said he attended the game at the invitation of Willie E. Gary, a
benefactor of both schools.

The game was the second  Willie Gary Football Classic pitting Shaw University, a
2,000-student college in Raleigh, N.C., and Edward Waters, a 1,500-student
school in Jacksonville.

As he ended his speech, Clinton gave the crowd a challenge: "Never pass up a
chance for the rest of your life to tell every young person you know that they
need a college education, they can get one and American needs for them to do
it."

- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: METRO & STATE; CITY & STATE

SERIES: BRIEFLY

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                      May 25, 2003 Sunday Michigan Edition

In praise of Crime Stoppers

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8; EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 258 words


"Crime Stoppers -- it works."

That's not just an advertising boast. South Bend Area Crime Stoppers really does
work.

Since the program started here in 1983, 6,255 felony crimes, including 66
murders, have been solved thanks in part to Crime Stoppers, which covers 13 area
counties in Indiana and Michigan.

All sorts of criminal mysteries have been pieced together with help from Crime
Stoppers, from the grisly to the strange to the mundane. Some of the most
famous, including the shooting of a police officer in 1983, have been solved
with the aid of Crime Stoppers.

The idea is so simple. Callers leave tips anonymously, and collect a reward if
the tip leads to an arrest or indictment. The crimes are publicized through
re-enactments produced and broadcast by local television stations, and through
weekly announcements in The Tribune.

Those tips aren't admissible in court themselves, but police use them to
generate leads and can confirm their validity independently.

Crime Stoppers capitalizes on the human tendency to want to tell secrets, and
that there is often little honor among those close to criminals. Plus there's
the matter of reward money -- more than $500,000 has been given out since the
program began.

Crime Stoppers also accomplishes the difficult task of keeping older, unsolved
crimes in the public eye.

As a longtime supporter of the program, The Tribune is happy to report that
Crime Stoppers is going strong in its 20th year here. As long as there is crime,
there will be a place for Crime Stoppers.


LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 9, 2002 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Crime Experts Question Rankings of Unsafe Cities;
D.C. Is Fourth Most Dangerous in New Report

BYLINE: Sewell Chan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 595 words


The District is the fourth most dangerous large city in the United States,
according to a new report by a private publishing company, but several
criminologists say the ranking is based on flimsy and flawed methods.

The report, by Morgan Quitno Press, ranked Washington the 14th most dangerous of
342 cities with more than 75,000 residents. Among cities with 500,000 residents,
only St. Louis, Detroit and Baltimore came in higher. The rankings have been
publicized in news stories and on area television.

The rankings are based on 2001 data from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting
Program that were released Oct. 28. Nationally, the data showed an overall 2.1
percent increase in the FBI's seven Crime Index offenses, the first year-to-year
increase since 1991.

Morgan Quitno computed the rankings by using rates for six of the seven offenses
-- murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary and motor vehicle theft
-- excluding larceny theft.

James Alan Fox, a sociologist and professor of criminal justice at Northeastern
University in Boston, said the report is "a rehash of readily available crime
statistics." He said that cities' wide variations in size, demographics,
geography and economic conditions make comparisons of their relative safety
questionable.

Out of all crimes, only murder is considered to be reliably and accurately
reported and recorded, according to Patrick V. Murphy, a former District public
safety director and New York City police commissioner who lives in Bethesda.
Sexual assaults are notoriously underreported.

In addition, the report gives the six crimes equal weight, an approach that
Murphy and Fox said is flawed.

"You should not give these crimes equal weight, because they're not equally
important in terms of severity," Fox said.

Tony Bullock, a spokesman for Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D), was less
circumspect in his response to the report.

"It doesn't make much sense to put cities like Baltimore and Washington into the
same study with 'Mayberry R.F.D.' and 'Little House on the Prairie,' " he said.
"People who live in major metropolitan areas know what to expect and learn to
protect themselves and face certain risks that are associated with urban areas."

In the District, homicides are increasing this year, after hitting a 33-year low
of 233 last year. Bullock said that even with the increase, the District has a
far lower homicide rate than it did at its peak during the crack epidemic nearly
a decade ago.

Morgan Quitno, based in Lawrence, Kan., markets its report on its Web site. It
charges $ 42.95 for a 416-page paperback copy and $ 142.95 for a CD-ROM with
data that are available on the FBI's Web site and in public libraries. The
company also sells its rankings of the safest, smartest, healthiest and most
livable states for similar prices.

According to the site, the company was founded by a couple, Scott Morgan and
Kathleen O'Leary Morgan, who worked for the Senate and U.S. Department of
Transportation, respectively, before "brief and highly unpleasant" jobs in
private law practice. Scott Morgan did not return a reporter's telephone call
seeking comment about the District's ranking.

The report states that Chicago, San Francisco and 29 other jurisdictions with
more than 75,000 residents -- including Alexandria, Arlington, Columbia and
Silver Spring -- were not included because of incomplete or inconsistently
reported data.

The report proclaimed the five safest communities to be Amherst, N.Y.; Brick
Township, N.J.; Newton, Mass.; Thousand Oaks, Calif.; and Sunnyvale, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 10, 2002



CORRECTION:  A Dec. 9 article about a report by Morgan Quitno Press ranking the
most dangerous U.S. cities incorrectly reported that St. Louis was listed in the
top three among cities with more than 500,000 residents. St. Louis, which has a
population of about 350,000, was ranked the most dangerous of 342 cities with
more than 75,000 residents. Among cities with more than 500,000 residents, the
top three were Detroit, Baltimore and Memphis.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 18, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Car thieves shifting targets

BYLINE: Earle Elridge

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 319 words


Mirroring the shifts in taste on American highways, car thieves
are increasingly targeting popular sport-utility vehicles, pickups
and minivans for parts or resale abroad.

While the Honda Accord and Toyota Camry remain the most-stolen
cars in 1998, two pickups, a minivan and an SUV were among the
10 most-stolen vehicles in an insurance industry report out today.
Last year, two pickups and one SUV also made the Top 10; two minivans
were among the Top 25.

"Vehicle thieves target the most-popular vehicles because they
provide the best market for stolen vehicle parts," said Ed Sparkman
of the National Insurance Crime Bureau.

"We've become a culture where self-image has moved to a top priority
-- especially when we spend $ 20,000 or more on a vehicle. How
we look and the fashion statement a vehicle makes have become
of great importance to us," said Wesley Brown of Nextrend, a
California consumer research firm.

The report found that after Accord and Camry, the most-stolen
vehicles were Chevrolet full-size C/K pickup, Jeep Cherokee/Grand
Cherokee, Honda Civic, Oldsmobile Cutlass, Ford's full-size F-Series
pickup, Ford Mustang, Dodge Caravan and Toyota Corolla.

Regionally, pickups are most stolen in Tucson, Albuquerque, Phoenix,
Dallas and Houston. Japanese cars are popular in the Northeast
and on the West Coast. American vehicles are popular in Detroit
and Chicago.

High-end sport-utility vehicles are often shipped to foreign countries
where they command a premium price, said John Hanson of Toyota.

Adds Mike Erwin of the Insurance Information Institute: "The
chop shops aren't looking for BMWs or Mercedes. They are looking
for Camrys, Accords and Cutlasses because that's what most people
drive."

Overall, auto theft has been declining since 1991, when1.6 million
vehicles were stolen. Last year, 1.3 million vehicles were stolen.



LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 19, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Rape statistics not crystal clear Groups say they aren't seeing reported drops

BYLINE:  Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 916 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Most of the numbers suggest that Beverly Harris
Elliott has every reason to be encouraged.

The executive director of the National Coalition Against Sexual
Assault has studied FBI reports showing that rape has declined
since 1992 at nearly the same rate as other violent crimes in
the USA.

Elliott also is familiar with the National Crime Victimization
Survey. It not only supports the bureau's findings but shows an
even more dramatic decline.


Even demographic shifts within the past decade reveal an aging
population, shrinking the pool of likely sexual predators. Yet
Elliott regards all of this statistical evidence as if it were
part of a bad practical joke.

"I'd like to think that the numbers are going down," she says,
"but I'm just not convinced it's true."

Neither is Debbie Andrews, executive director of the Rape, Abuse
and Incest National Network, or many other victims' advocates.
Indeed, no other major category of crime -- not murder, assault
or robbery -- has generated a more serious challenge of the credibility
of national crime statistics.

While politicians, law enforcement officials and many community
anti-crime groups have celebrated a six-year downturn in crime,
victims advocates have greeted the decline in rape with suspicion
and outright disbelief. This is much to the consternation of many
law enforcement officers and crime analysts who say the FBI and
crime victimization statistics don't lie.

"I'm always suspicious about numbers," said San Francisco State
University criminologist Michael Rustigan. "But there is no question
rape has declined."

Still, the first National Violence Against Women survey published
this week by the National Institute of Justice and the federal
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is only likely to intensify
the debate. The report estimates that there are twice as many
rapes as reported in the victimization survey.

That the debate over rape rages in the face of what seems to be
hard statistical evidence that the crime is in decline prompts
some to question whether advocacy groups -- whose support is directly
linked to the perceived threat of a crime -- might be inclined
to overstate that threat.

"What the data shows me is that rape is going down," says Emanuel
Ross, crime research analyst for Washington, D.C. "But with rape,
it is never cut and dried. What you might be seeing here is a
natural tension in a group so dedicated to victims that to lower
its voice may be perceived as losing ground.

"I'm not saying they are misleading people. (But) they have to
keep that cry out there."

There are good reasons to be cautious in drawing conclusions from
reports on rape. The two most accepted studies available -- the
FBI's annual crime report and the Justice Department's annual
crime victimization survey -- each have widely acknowledged weaknesses.

For example, the FBI crime report shows a 12% decline in rape
since 1993. However, those numbers only reflect the number of
rapes reported to police, something many victims are reluctant
to do. And they do not include rapes of male victims, both adults
and children.

The crime victimization survey is believed to capture a more accurate
picture of crime since the national telephone survey of randomly
selected households should pick up rapes that go unreported to
police. That survey shows a 60% downturn in rape between 1993
and 1996.

However, it only solicits information from people 12 and older,
excluding the youngest victims of rape.

The Violence Against Women survey is the latest attempt to improve
the tracking of rape. The national survey of 16,000 people included
more detailed questions designed to elicit more precise information.
However, the authors of that survey acknowledge they used different
methodology and that its margin for error was "relatively high."

"What this study might indicate is that it's nearly impossible
to get an accurate count of something that doesn't want to be
counted," says Scott Berkowitz, president of the Rape, Abuse
and Incest National Network.

Since 1995, Berkowitz said, calls to rape crisis center hot lines
his organization operates throughout the country have increased,
not decreased.

Last year, the number of calls jumped to 58,450 from 42,400 in
1995, he said. This year, the number of calls is on pace to exceed
last year.

"No one really knows what's going on," Berkowitz says. "But
what I think everybody can be sure of is that you can't take any
single set of numbers as gospel."

However, criminologists cite several factors to support reports
that show a decline in rape. The pool of men ages 29 or younger,
the group that accounts for more than half of all rapes, is shrinking.
And a nationwide move to longer prison sentences for violent offenders
is keeping convicted rapists off the street longer.

Yet until one measure is accepted by both advocates and policymakers,
the credibility of the rape statistics will be subject to question.

"Many people have been engaged in trying to get this issue taken
seriously for a long time," says Dean Kilpatrick, director of
the National Violence Against Women Prevention Research Center.
"A lot of these advocates are people who see rape victims every
day. To some degree, they regard the statistics, even in decline,
as an attempt to diminish rape as a problem when it really isn't
that at all."

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Diane Kulpinski, The (Bend, Ore.) Bulletin

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JULY 17, 1996 Wednesday SF EDITION

STUDY: MOST TEEN KILLERS IN 6 STATES, 4 BIG CITIES

BYLINE: Lori Montgomery, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 461 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Most of the homicidal teenage "superpredators" supposedly stalking the streets
of America in fact live in just six states - a third of them in four big cities.

Despite widespread fear and calls for government action to stem a decade-long
upsurge in murders by teenagers, 80 percent of the nation's counties did not
count a single homicide by a juvenile in 1994.

Those are among the findings of a national study released yesterday that
challenges broadly held assumptions about lethal violence among America's young
people.

The study found that 30 percent of juvenile killers live in isolated
neighborhoods of Detroit, Chicago, New York and Los Angeles. It also attacked
politicians for promoting broad-brush solutions instead of focusing on critical
urban problems.

"The problem looks very different than one might expect, given what's being
proposed as a solution," said Eric Lotke, a research associate at the National
Center on Institutions and Alternatives and one of the report's authors. The
study's authors advocate alternatives to incarceration in dealing with juvenile
crime.

"These four cities have eight times the juvenile homicide arrest rate as the
entire rest of the nation," Lotke said.

The six states that recorded the most arrests, according to the report -
Michigan, California, Texas, New York, Florida and Illinois - are among the most
populous.

The author of a Republican crime bill, Florida Rep. Bill McCollum, dismissed the
report as incomplete and unrealistic. By focusing on murder, he said, the report
misses an array of other violent crimes committed by children, including
aggravated assault, rape and armed robbery.

The study released yesterday was jointly produced by Lotke's group and the
Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice, both nonprofit organizations that
promote alternatives to prison. Their findings are based on federal crime
statistics.

Murders by juveniles have tripled since 1980, rising at a rate that far exceeds
arrest for any other crimes.

The report did not try to determine what was driving murder arrests in the four
named cities, which are among the nation's most populous.

"It is unwise to take these four cities and somehow use them to set policy for
the entire country," said Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters (Calif.). "We need to
focus our resources where the problems are."

McCollum's bill would require children as young as 14 to be transferred to adult
court for serious violent crimes or major drug offenses. It also would allow
children as young as 13 to be transferred to adult court for any federal felony.

McCollum's bill is expected to be approved by the Judiciary Committee today and
to be passed by the full House in September. A similar bill is pending in the
Senate.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     April 11, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

DATELINE DEKALB;
'Crime Watch' back on county airwaves

BYLINE: Staff writers Christy Oglesby and Jonathan Harrison contributed to this;

report.

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 555 words


John Walsh, move over. DeKalb County has reinstated its own version of
"America's Most Wanted."

The program, titled "Crime Watch," airs seven times throughout the week and
features fugitives believed to be living in the area.

A renewed "Crime Watch" aired for the first time Friday after being off the air
for several years. "Crime Watch" began airing on the county government channel
in 1989, but was canceled in 1990.

Each of the new episodes features 12 to 15 fugitives in high- priority cases.
Viewers see a photograph of a suspect, a physical description and the suspect's
name, birth date and aliases. They also get a narrative stating for what crime
the fugitive is wanted.

DeKalb residents can view the show Mondays through Fridays on Channel 6 if they
are MediaOne subscribers and Channel 21 if they are Scripps Howard subscribers.
The show airs at noon Mondays through Fridays and again at 7 p.m. on Mondays and
Wednesdays.

All fugitives are considered extremely dangerous, and viewers should not
approach or confront them.

If viewers have any information on the suspects, they should contact the
Sheriff's Office at 404-298-8300.

Stone Mountain traffic meeting. Stone Mountain residents wondering how they will
endure the onslaught of traffic during the Olympics can get answers Wednesday at
Smokerise Elementary at 6:30 p.m. The meeting is sponsored by DeKalb County.

Champion debaters at Emory. It was April Fool's Day, but the victory by an Emory
debate team was no joke. Kate Shuster from Albuquerque, N.M., and David Heidt
from Virginia Beach, Va., defeated a team from the University of Iowa to win the
national championship in intercollegiate debating.

Take a walk with the wildflowers. There will be a free Spring Wildflower Walk on
Sunday at Davidson-Arabia Mountain Nature Preserve, 3550 Klondike Road in
Lithonia, at 3 p.m. Jim Allison, an endangered- plant specialist with the
Georgia Department of Natural Resources, will lead the walk. For more
information, call 770-593-5864.

Dancing for respect. The 12 dancers in Moving in the Spirit's apprentice corps
are all between the ages of 12 and 19. They went on a national tour last summer
that included New York City, Boston and Philadelphia, and members of the group
have danced for former President Jimmy Carter.

This Saturday night, the troupe will be performing some of its newest pieces and
raising money for the organization, which touches the lives of 300 children and
teenagers in the metro area, giving them a sense of achievement.

"Moving in the Spirit teaches workplace values to the discipline of dance," says
founding board member and choreographer Dana Phelps- Marschalk. "Those include
commitment, respect and responsibility."

Members of the 10-year-old dance group, which focuses on at-risk urban youths,
practice their own routines three days a week and work with children ages 2-15
once a week.

Every summer they take their show on a national tour. This year's show stresses
respect for others.

"Teaching tolerance is our theme. It's respect for each other and respect for
differences," Phelps-Marschalk said.

The Moving in the Spirit Dance-a-thon is Saturday from 6 to 9 p.m. at the FCS
Community Building at 754 Glenwood Ave. $ 20. Call Kari Ward at 404-627-4304,
Ext. 310, for more information.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 3, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

How cities fight crime

BYLINE: Tom Squitieri

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 123 words


The rising violence in the USA has spurred several innovative ideas to combat
it. A sampling:

- Atlanta: reinstated curfews for those under 18 years.

- Cook County, Ill.: formed a special unit targeting street gang members as
young as 13.

- McAllen, Texas: police officers are stationed in neighborhood trailers to
build community contacts.

- New Haven, Conn.: opened dialogue with gang leaders, persuading some to give
up violence as a way of settling disputes. Also established a new unit to gather
information about gang members and upper-level drug dealers.

- Wichita, Kan.: improved medical teams and trauma centers. Although shootings
increased, homicides dropped - a decrease police credit to the medical teams.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Inquiry

Accompanies; Topic; FIGHTING CRIME; Police alone can't stop crime in streets

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 26, 1982 Thursday

Crime: sad fact   of life for many

BYLINE: JOHN KING; GAM

LENGTH: 721 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY  JOHN KING
  in  Washington
  WHEN I moved to the United States it was not without some trepidation.

U.S. cities were downright dangerous compared to those in Canada, with
statistics showing violent crime was five times worse south of the border.

Well, more than a year has passed and I'm happy to report I haven't
 been mugged once. Two friends and several acquaintances have been, though,
 and crime is an ever-popular topic of party conversation in Washington. By
 far the best-read feature in my neighborhood weekly paper is the police
 blotter column that lists the latest armed robberies, break-ins and rapes.

Social scientists say violent crime in the United States has levelled
 off and New York City reported a drop of 8.2 per cent in violent crime in
 the first four months of this year. But crime has become a sad fact of
 life for many Americans.

Burglary is so common that some people routinely keep their silverware
 in the bank, carrying it to and from home for dinner parties. Allstate
 Insurance Co. decided a few months ago to refuse new renters' policies in
 Washington unless someone was sure to be home 24 hours a day.

Mugging insurance is now offered by several firms, bulletproof clothing
 is being sold in fashionable styles and applications for handgun permits
 in New York have nearly tripled in the past three years.

Not surprisingly, crime is an important political issue, especially in
 the big cities where it is worst. "Crime is the issue, especially in New
 York," says Democratic Representative Geraldine Ferraro. Where 10 years
 ago many liberals saw law and order as a code phrase for infringements on
 civil liberties, the liberals' banner carrier, Senator Edward Kennedy of
 Massachusetts, now distributes a pamphlet entitled Violent Crime: It's
 Time To Act.

But crime has been the subject of more talk than action at the federal
 level, partly because most crime comes under state and local jurisdiction
 and partly because no organized group has lobbied Congress to pass anti-c
 rime laws.

President Ronald Reagan's Administration has proposed laws to tighten
 bail provisions and keep convicted federal criminals in jail longer, but
 only 3 per cent of criminal cases are handled by federal courts. The U.S.
 Senate probably will approve an omnibus crime bill before it adjourns for
 the fall election campaigns, but subcommittees of the House of
 Representatives have not acted upon similar bills.

At the state and local levels, which have jurisdiction over most
 crimes, the issue is more apparent. In some states, such as California,
 New York, Pennsylvania and Maryland, crime is rivalling the economy as a
 major issue in gubernatorial races.

California voters, who led the tax revolt in 1978 by passing
 Proposition 13, enacted Proposition 8 in June, which limits the rights of
 accused criminals, prohibits plea bargaining in cases of serious felonies
 and gives certain rights to crime victims. The contest for governor in
 California is being fought by two men with crime-fighting images, Democrat
 Thomas Bradley, who was a police lieutenant before becoming mayor of Los
 Angeles, and the Republican attorney-general of the state, George
 Deukmejian.

In Pennsylvania, Governor Richard Thornburgh is seen as a shoo-in for
 re-election, partly because of his attacks on crime, including a well-
 publicized mandatory five-year sentence for anyone committing a crime with
 a gun.

Despite the popularity of crackdowns, especially on violent crime,
 states and municipalities have been limited by the costs involved. Most
 police forces are overburdened and can spend little time investigating
 each crime report. Arrests are made in only 19 per cent of reported
 serious cases. Courts are jammed and some prisons are so overcrowded that
 judges have ordered inmates freed to make room for new ones.

The federal Government spent almost $8-billion over 10 years to help
 local prosecutors, courts and police, but President Jimmy Carter cut off
 that aid in 1980. Mr. Reagan has said there is an epidemic of crime, but
 his Administration has chopped spending on law enforcement as part of its
 across-the-board budget cuts.

The best news is demographic. Violent crimes are largely carried out by
 young males and social scientists predict the rate of such crime will fall
 over the next 10 years as the baby-boom population bubble gets older.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 18, 1998, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Serious Crime Fell in U.S. For 6th Year in a Row in '97

BYLINE: By JOHN H. CUSHMAN Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 17


Reports of serious crime fell across the nation in 1997, the sixth consecutive
annual decrease, with the biggest drop in the Northeastern states and in big
cities, the Justice Department said today.

Preliminary figures released by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which
collected them from 16,000 city, county and state law-enforcement agencies,
showed that the overall rate of serious crime fell 4 percent, accelerating the
decline of recent years.

Violent crimes declined by 5 percent, led by 9 percent decreases in murders and
robberies. There were smaller decreases in the categories of aggravated assault,
down 2 percent, and rape, down 1 percent.

Rape was the one type of crime for which the statistics showed less progress.
Reported rapes declined 2 percent in 1996, 5 percent in 1995, and 4 percent in
1994.

Property crimes declined by 4 percent, led by an 8 percent drop in arson. Car
thefts fell 5 percent.

The Northeastern states led the decline in virtually every category. Murders in
the region declined 13 percent, total violent crimes declined 5 percent and
property crimes declined 6 percent.

Experts have said several trends were contributing to the declining pace of
crime. Among them were the aging of the population, a toughening of sentencing
laws and the increasing numbers of people in prison. The healthy economy was
also a factor, experts said.

Cities with populations over a million reported that murders and robberies each
declined 11 percent. Cities with populations of half a million to a million
reported murders and robberies each down 10 percent. Cities with populations of
a quarter of a million to half a million reported murders down 14 percent and
robberies down 10 percent.

In New York City, the total number of crimes counted in the report declined 7
percent, to 355,893 in 1997 from 382,555 in 1996. Murders declined 22 percent,
to 770 from 983, and robberies dropped 10 percent, to 44,707 from 49,672. The
number of reported rapes in New York City fell to 2,157 from 2,332.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 24, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Campus Areas Act as Magnet for Crime

SECTION: Section A;  Page 22;  Column 5;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 279 words


To the Editor:

"Face-Off at Small Colleges on Arming of Security" (Education Page, Aug. 16)
states that the fears of parents, students and security officers about crime at
small suburban colleges are "generally unsubstantiated." While SUNY-Fredonia may
not have had a serious crime on campus in more than a decade, that is the
exception, not the rule.

At other suburban and rural campuses, crime is a real and present threat.

For instance, the University of Massachusetts at Amherst reported 403 crimes on
campus in 1993.

In addition, you describe "campuses' sanctuarylike atmosphere." Campuses have
never been sanctuarylike except in the minds of university administrators.

Centuries ago walls surrounding the colleges of Oxford University were built to
protect students from violence.

You assume that the on-campus statistics mandated by the 1990 Student
Right-to-Know and Campus Security Act provide the total picture. Safe Campuses
Now was instrumental in helping pass this law; however, we recognize that
on-campus crime is a small percentage of the picture. The majority of students
across the United States live and socialize off campus.

Our lobbying efforts have helped pass the Georgia and Tennessee Uniform Crime
Report acts. These state laws allow us to track crimes against students off
campus as well.

Students are vulnerable, and are frequently victimized. The goal of Safe
Campuses Now is to educate students and parents that the total crime picture
must be considered.

SANDI TURNER, NANCY ZECELLA
Athens, Ga., Aug. 21, 1995

The writers are, respectively, state director, Georgia, and administrative
director, Safe Campuses Now.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 12, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE SUPREME COURT: The States and the Law;
In Crackdown on Bias, a New Tool

BYLINE: By DON TERRY,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 8; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1005 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, June 10


Before the Supreme Court ruling today upholding the Wisconsin "hate crime" law,
a committee of the Nebraska Legislature defeated a similar measure, in part
because lawmakers feared it might be unconstitutional.

Now, legal experts and advocates say, the Court's unanimous decision is likely
to embolden states like Nebraska to adopt similar laws, or to strengthen the
ones they have. The Wisconsin law, like those of 26 other states and the
District of Columbia, provides expanded sentences for crimes motivated by racial
hatred or other kinds of bias.

"States have been holding back because of constitutional issues," said Michael
A. Sandberg, Midwest civil rights director of the Anti-Defamation League of
B'nai B'rith, which in 1981 drafted the model for most such laws.  "Now we know
the laws are constitutional and they should be used. The Supreme Court has paved
the road."

And Steven M. Freeman, a spokesman for the A.D.L. in New York, said: "There's
still a lot of work to do. I don't think the laws are used or as frequently as
they should be."

Bigotry and 'Mind Control'

But critics of the decision said it was a threat to freedom of expression.
Martin Redish, a Northwestern University law professor who along with Prof. Alan
M. Dershowitz of Harvard Law School and the columnist Nat Hentoff filed a brief
opposing the statute, said the Court's decision was "extremely unfortunate" and
a "blatant attempt at mind control."

"In effect what the Court has done is leave as fair game all underlying
political thoughts and motivations that go into committing a crime," he said.
"As much as I hate bigotry, I fear much more the Court attempting to control the
minds of its citizens."

In an earlier round in the long legal battle, the law was declared
unconstitutional by the Wisconsin Supreme Court. It had been successfully
challenged by a young black man, Todd Mitchell, who was convicted of leading a
racially motivated assault that severely injured a white teen-ager four years
ago in Kenosha. Mr. Mitchell would have received a maximum sentence of two years
in prison but because of the sentence-enhancement provision was given a
four-year sentence.

Today in Kenosha, a old factory town of 82,000 people on Lake Michigan about 70
miles north of Chicago, there was mixed reaction from law-enforcement officials
involved in the beating case that started it all. Brian Holmgren, an assistant
district attorney, said the decision "confirms what we were arguing from day
one."

"This statute penalizes conduct," he said. "It does not penalize thought."

But a commander in the city's police department, which investigated the beating
of the white teen-ager, said the decision and the law made him uneasy.

"I have a 51-49 type of reaction," the commander, James P. Farley, said. "I'm
very fearful of the concept of thought police. I think the Wisconsin law just
barely slips under the wire and is O.K. But it makes me nervous. I don't think
you can compel people to love each other."

Neither Mr. Mitchell, who was released from prison last July, nor his lawyer
responded to requests for interviews, according to The Associated Press.

Throughout the 1980's, state after state enacted hate crime laws, many on the
A.D.L.'s model. Wisconsin's came in the late 80's, shortly before the incident
in Kenosha. Most include provisions for racially motivated crimes; some include
sentence enhancements for crimes based on one's sex or sexual orientation.

Bob Purvis, legal director for the National Institute Against Prejudice and
Violence, says the laws vary in strength and how effectively and often they are
enforced.

"Throughout the country we find great inconsistencies," he said. "There are
really only a handful of jurisdictions that have shown any real commitment."

Statistics on bias crimes themselves are also sketchy; only recently has the
Federal Government began compiling such records in a standardized way.

Although the Kenosha case involved a black attacker and a white victim, most
bias crimes -- 65 percent in 1991 -- were committed by whites, according to the
Federal Bureau of Investigation.

Mr. Sandberg of the A.D.L. said that in a sense it was fortunate that the
Kenosha case involved a white victim because "there was a notion early on that
these bias crime statutes were special laws to protect blacks, Jews,
Asian-Americans, gays and lesbians."

That notion, he said, may have made some police officers and prosecutors more
reluctant to pursue hate crimes aggressively.

"This decision proves they are not laws for special groups," Mr. Sandberg said.
"They are special crimes."

The ruling today is expected to have little impact on the longstanding debate
over the issue in New York's Legislature. For years, the Democratic-led
Assembly, with the backing of Gov. Mario M. Cuomo, has passed a bill that would
create a separate category of crime and distinct sentences for bias-related
offenses. The Republican-led Senate has killed the legislation each year.

The Senate Republicans have proposed legislation that, while not creating a
category of bias-related crimes, would increase penalties for a number of crimes
and require judges to account for bias-related motivation when determining
sentences. But the Assembly Democrats say judges cannot be trusted to account
for motivation when sentencing.

Another issue has been gay rights. Some Senate Republicans say passing a bias
crime bill defining homosexuals as a protected class would open the door to
other gay rights legislation.

Howie Katz, bias bill coordinator for the New York City Gay and Lesbian
Anti-Violence Project, said the Supreme Court's ruling should make it easier to
get a similar bill passed in Albany.

"The amount of hatred between groups is growing around the world, and the only
thing we have left is to pass laws that condemn these actions," Mr. Katz said.
"You can never legislate how someone feels about another group, but what you can
legislate is what is acceptable conduct in society."

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Todd Mitchell, who was convicted of leading a racially
motivated assault on a white teen-ager four years ago in Kenosha, Wis. (Kenosha
News); "We feel vindicated," Steven M. Freeman of the Anti-Defamation League of
B'nai B'rith said of the High Court upholding Wisconsin's hate crime law. "We've
been in this fight for more than a decade now." (William E. Sauro/The New York
Times)

Map: "Punishing Hate Crimes" shows states which have harsher penalties for
crimes motivated by religious, racial or other bias. (Source: Anti-Defamation
League of B'nai B'rith)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 26, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

In New York State, Crime Victims Get Their Day in Court;
The Parole Process

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 231 words


To the Editor:

Re "Why Gag the Victim?" (Op-Ed, May 23) by Andrew Stein, New York City Council
President: Allow me to clarify the place of the crime victim in the parole
process.

For years the Board of Parole has considered in its release decisions any
written statements submitted by crime victims or their survivors about the crime
and its impact on them, and their recommendation regarding an offender's
release.

Last year I discussed with Barbara Leak, chairman of the Crime Victims Board,
extending this right to those who feel a need to express themselves directly. I
decided to permit victims to make an oral statement in person to a member of the
Board of Parole. The board treats any victim statements, whether written or
oral, as confidential.

In addition, the Division of Parole, in cooperation with the Crime Victims
Board, established a pilot program to insure that victims are informed of their
rights in writing at the time of sentencing. Participating district attorneys
give victims a mail-in form by which they may request notification of the
earliest date when the offender would be eligible for release. When that
notification is sent out, the victims are also given instructions for making
oral or written statements. We are extending this experiment to all counties in
the state.

RAUL RUSSI
Chairman, Division of Parole
Albany, June 12, 1992

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 7, 2017 Saturday

Beating highlights anti-white hate crimes

BYLINE: RUSSELL CONTRERAS Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 705 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - The horrific beating of a mentally disabled white man in
Chicago by four black assailants broadcast on social media is highlighting
anti-white hate crimes at a time of increased racial strife in the United
States.

But federal statistics and experts say anti-white incidents remain a smaller
percentage of overall hate crimes. Anti-black hate crimes are still the largest
number of cases.

According to the 2015 FBI hate crime statistics, the latest available, there
were 613 anti-white-related crimes out of 5,850 total cases. That's around 10.5
percent of all reported hate crimes, and within the yearly average, federal
numbers show.

By comparison, the FBI reports there were 1,745 anti-black hate crimes, or about
30 percent of all reported incidents.

That data also suggested that blacks remain disproportionally targets of hate
crimes compared to their population as opposed to whites. African-Americans are
only 13 percent of the U.S. population, while non-Hispanic whites are 61
percent.

The FBI defines a hate crime as a "criminal offense against a person or property
motivated in whole or in part by an offender's bias against a race, religion,
disability, sexual orientation, ethnicity, gender, or gender identity." Filing
reports for the federal count is voluntary, but guidelines call for reports to
be submitted even if they list zero hate crimes.

Even then, experts say the FBI data on hate crimes isn't a full picture since
anti-black cases are skewed lower by the lack of reporting participation by some
southern law enforcement agencies.

Some large Florida cities, like Miami, reported no hate crimes to the FBI in
2015, said Brian Levin, the director of the Center for the Study of Hate and
Extremism, California State University. "I doubt that cities as diverse as those
had no hate crimes," he said.

In Chicago, two men and two women - all black - are facing hate crime charges in
connection with the brutal beating of a mentally disabled white man that was
streamed on Facebook Live. The video shows the victim is tied up and the
suspects are making racial slurs and references to his mental capacity, Chicago
Police Commander Kevin Duffin said.

The suspects are accused of forcing the victim to drink toilet water and kiss
the floor, stuffing a sock into his mouth, taping his mouth shut and binding his
hands with a belt.

The 18-year-old victim, who is from a Chicago suburb, suffers from schizophrenia
and attention-deficit disorder, authorities said.

The victim also was taunted with profanities against white people and
President-elect Donald Trump.

Eighteen-year-olds Brittany Covington, Tesfaye Cooper and Jordan Hill, and
24-year-old Tanishia Covington also face kidnapping and battery charges in
connection with the attack.

The case heightened political tensions on social media and opened yet-to-be
healed wounds from a nasty presidential election campaign. Some conservatives
suggested the attack highlighted growing anti-white violence and was linked to
the Black Lives Matter movement, although police said there was no indication of
any connection.

The FBI does classify attacks based on disability as a hate crime. Federal
numbers show 88 incidents related to attacks on disability in 2015.

In addition to underreporting, Levin said strong federal data of the race and
ethnicity of assailants is incomplete because of the lack of consistent
reporting.

The 2015 FBI data showed that of the 734 total reported offenses committed
against whites - a single incident could have multiple offenses like assault or
theft - 46 percent of those were committed by blacks.

In contrast, of the 2,125 reported offenses committed against blacks, 58 percent
of those who committed by whites.

Still, despite the data, Levin said the Chicago beating is resonating because it
was shown via social media and racial relations are tense following the November
election. Live streams and 140 Twitter characters inflame the fires.

Levin described the situation as "a logjam of motivations" for conflict, saying
it's like nothing he's ever seen.

"We are seeing the coarseness that exists in society generally, those embers,
have crossed the fire lines to all parts of the racial, ethnic and ideological
spectrum," Levin said.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Crime analyst among new hires at Duluth Police Department

BYLINE: Mark Stodghill, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 981 words


Jan. 12--Chase Landingin didn't have a badge pinned on his chest with the
fourteen new Duluth police officers sworn in Thursday at the Duluth
Entertainment Convention Center, but he has the satisfaction of knowing he's
assuming an important role in the police department.

Landingin, 26, who was born and raised in San Diego, moved to Duluth earlier
this month to fill one of three criminal intelligence analyst positions in the
police department. It's a civilian position.

His job will be to study crime and crime patterns and profile suspects by
analyzing crime data to forecast times and locations the next crime will be
attempted. For example, do certain crimes take place at specific times in
certain neighborhoods? Can suspects, based on their record or address, be
connected to certain crimes? Are there criminal connections between suspects?
With that information, police can decide how best to allocate resources and
station officers.

"I'm very motivated," Landingin said. "I accept any kind of a challenge, no
matter how hard or how easy it is. I'll just take it head on and I'm very open
minded."

Langingin has a bachelor's degree in criminology from the University of
California-Irvine and criminal analyst certification from the University of
California-Riverside.

"He's a very positive young man,'' said Lt. Steve Stracek, supervisor of the
Duluth police Organized Crime Bureau. "He's quiet and soft-spoken, but he's got
some grit. He's got some ambition. We like him and we've got a lot of
expectations that he'll do well."

Stracek said about 20 people from around the country applied for the position.

"Right now our criminal intelligence analysts are taking phone records and
linking this drug dealer with that drug dealer," Stracek said. "They help us
establish associations, past criminal histories and participation in gang
activities in other jurisdictions before they came here. They are able to link
phone numbers with specific targets. We're also looking at neighborhood crime
trends and citywide crime trends. The criminal intelligence analysts bring calls
of services, known offenders, crimes of violence to our attention and we can
spread the intelligence around to the troops."

Before introducing Landingin, Duluth police Chief Gordon Ramsay told the new
officers and their families that this is a city that supports its police as
evidenced by the soon-to-be completed new police headquarters on Arlington Road,
and by the fact that the department has been able to hire 18 new officers in the
past year to reach its authorized force of 152.

Ramsay also told the newest rookie class that they shouldn't do anything to
tarnish the good reputation that their co-workers have established in the
community.

The new officers include Kalika Pukema, whose father, Dick, is a retired
Superior police officer and former Douglas County sheriff. Her father pinned on
her badge. The new officers chose parents, wives, fiancees and children to do
the honors of pinning on their badges.

Sixth Judicial District Judge Shaun Floerke, who is the son of a retired
Wisconsin deputy sheriff and the grandson of a former Wisconsin chief of police,
swore in the new officers.

The 14 officers joining the force are:

r Eli Anderson, grew up in Cherry. Has a bachelor's degree from the University
of Minnesota Duluth. His grandfather spent 30 years in the St. Paul Police
Department.

r Morgan Cekalla, grew up in Little Falls, Minn. Has a bachelor's degree from
UMD and completed his law enforcement training at Fond du Lac Tribal and
Community College, where he graduated with a 4.0 grade point average.

r Ian Johnson, grew up in Prescott, Wis. He attended the University of
Wisconsin-Superior and Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College.

r Carla Josephson, grew up in Hermantown. Has a bachelor's degree from the
University of Wisconsin-Superior. She has three years' experience as a Pine
County sheriff's deputy.

r Trevor Kaldor, grew up in Duluth. He completed the law enforcement program at
Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College.

r Bob LeClaire, grew up in Lakeville, Minn. He has a bachelor's degree in law
enforcement from Metropolitan State University.

r Brent Mathison, grew up in Duluth. He has a bachelor's degree from UMD. His
great grandfather was a Minnesota State Patrol trooper.

r Daniel Merseth, grew up in California. His father and uncle were police
officers.

r Kalika Pukema, grew up in Lakeside, Wis. She served 10 years with the Air
National Guard and graduated with high honors from Fond du Lac Tribal and
Community College.

r Robert Schmidt, grew up in Detroit Lakes, Minn. He has a bachelor's degree in
political science from the University of Minnesota. He spent six years in the
Army National Guard and was deployed to Iraq in 2007.

r Todd Simons, grew up in Minnesota, Iowa and Idaho, where he graduated from
high school. He has 17 years of military police experience with the Army and was
deployed five times to Iraq and Afghanistan. He spent six years as a deputy
sheriff in Reno, Nev., before coming to Duluth.

r Ashley Thurmes, grew up in Rosemount, Minn. She graduated summa cum laude from
Minnesota State University-Mankato in 2011 with a degree in law enforcement. Her
father, Curt, is a sergeant with the Minnesota State Patrol.

r Zach Trieschmann, grew up in Two Harbors. He completed the law enforcement
program at Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College.

r Larry Westerman, grew up in Grafton, W.Va. He attended the Community College
of the Air Force/Marshall University, the West Virginia State Police Academy and
the North Dakota Peace Officer Training Academy. He served as a security police
officer in the Air Force and with the Kingwood, W.Va., Fairmont, W.Va., and
Bismarck, N.D., police departments.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120112-DU-Crime
-analyst-among-new-hires-at-Duluth-Police-Department-0112-20120112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 4, 2007 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 532 words

W.Va. Protesters Urge Hate Crimes Charges

 CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- Hundreds of people gathered at West Virginia's Capitol on
Saturday to urge prosecutors to add hate crime charges against six white people
charged in the beating, torture and sexual assault of a 20-year-old black woman.

Authorities say the accused, three men and three women, held the woman captive
for days at a rural trailer -- sexually assaulting her, beating her and forcing
her to eat feces.

"Hate crimes are out of control in America," Malik Shabazz, a legal adviser to
the woman and her family and a founder of Black Lawyers for Justice, told those
gathered. "Nooses are being hung, and our women are being raped by white moms.
What happened . . . was a hate crime, and we want this prosecuted as a hate
crime."

Shabazz staged the rally despite a request by the city's black ministerial
association and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
not to gather because it could harm the prosecution's case.

Logan County Prosecutor Brian Abraham has not filed hate crime charges in the
case, saying the other charges already filed carried harsher penalties.

New England Braces for Noel

HARWICH, Mass. -- High wind and heavy surf hit parts of the East Coast as the
remnants of Hurricane Noel blustered northeastward across the open Atlantic
toward the shores of New England. High wind warnings were in effect for coastal
Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Maine, New Jersey and the eastern tip of New York's
Long Island. Sustained wind was expected to reach 40 to 50 mph along the New
England coast, potentially up to 70 mph on the coast of Maine. The worst of the
wind was expected on Cape Cod and the islands, where isolated gusts could reach
90 mph, the weather service said.

2 Killed in Calif. Highway Pileup

FRESNO, Calif. -- At least two people were killed and dozens more injured after
as many as 100 vehicles collided on a foggy freeway, the California Highway
Patrol said. The collisions included 18 big rigs on northbound Highway 99 just
south of Fresno, CHP officials said.

Neb. Teacher Arrested With Boy

LEXINGTON, Neb. -- A female teacher was arrested in Mexico, and the 13-year-old
boy she allegedly ran away with was turned over to his relatives, a prosecutor
said. Kelsey Peterson, a 25-year-old sixth-grade math teacher and basketball
coach,  and the boy fled after police began investigating whether the pair had
an intimate relationship, authorities said. Peterson faces state and federal
charges, including kidnapping, child abuse and transporting a minor across state
lines or a foreign border for sexual activity.

A Chance to Keep Antioch Open

YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio -- Trustees overseeing Antioch College said that they have
reversed their June decision and will keep the school open, if alumni and the
school can meet fundraising goals over  three years. Alumni and school officials
must raise $6.6 million in cash by Dec. 15, another $12 million by May 2008, an
additional $26 million by June 2009 and an additional $19 million by June 2010,
board chairman Art Zucker said. Alumni said last month that they had raised $18
million, primarily in pledges, to keep the school going.

-- From News Services

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 17, 2007 Saturday

Crime rate data muddle tea leaves;
EAST BAY: Criminologists baffled by decreases in 1990s as well as recent spike
in violence

BYLINE: Betsy Mason and Cassandra Braun, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 865 words


A drop in crime rates nationwide in the 1990s has researchers grasping for
answers to explain a recent uptick in violent crime in some U.S. cities,
including Oakland and Richmond.

The factors often linked to falling crime rates -- economic growth, increased
imprisonment rates, access to legal abortions and aggressive police activity --
match the 40 percent drop in homicides and robberies from 1993 to 2000 in some
cities and countries, but not in other places.

This leaves criminologists short on good predictive indicators for crime rates.

In fact, nobody predicted the crime bust. Most forecasts were for a dangerous
crime wave caused by a swelling youth population.

"We have the lousiest set of crystal balls in the social sciences," said UC
Berkeley criminologist Franklin Zimring, who presented his research at the
annual American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting Friday.

"Our predictive tools by and large stink," he said.

Reasons behind the recent rise in crime in some East Bay cities are just as
elusive.

Although most large cities with more violent crime lately are in the Midwest,
Oakland had the largest spike in homicides. In the first half of 2006, the most
recent period with available statistics, Oakland had 66 homicides -- far more
than the 37 in the first half of 2005.

"That's a 78 percent increase, which is astonishingly large," said Alfred
Blumstein, operations researcher at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh,
Pa.

He said it is too soon to say whether the rise is the start of a new wave of
violent crime. The fact that the national homicide rate rose by a modest 2.5
percent in 2005 may be a sign the spike in Oakland and other cities is more of a
blip than a trend.

The upsurge is especially surprising at a time when, unlike in many Midwestern
cities with rising crime, the Bay Area's economy is stable, imprisonment rates
are flat and the number of young people is low. And crime did not jump in cities
such as San Jose and San Francisco.

Richmond has seen a slow but steady rise in homicides since 2001, which
officials are equally at a loss to explain.

Richmond has long been on the short list of most dangerous cities, but even it
saw crime rates fall in the 1990s, said city crime analyst Perry Austin.

Homicides peaked at 61 in 1991, roughly one killing every six days. The number
dropped the next year, to 46. The city's lowest rates were in 1998 and 2001,
with 18 killings a year.

Authorities don't know how to explain the city's crime of the late '90s, but
they have a theory on the city's peak of violence before the decline.

In the mid- to late-'80s, police jailed the city's drug kingpins, leaving a
vacuum for street-level drug dealers to fill. Once the crack epidemic hit,
street dealers had more access to bigger guns, and more at stake to defend turf.

Similar forces are believed to be the main cause of a sharp U.S. rise in crime
in the 1980s. A major effort to jail crack dealers left a void filled by younger
criminals with guns and less self-restraint.

Much of the escalating crime involved young African-American men, guns and
drugs. From 1985 to 1993, murder rates tripled among 15-year-olds and doubled
for people younger than 20. At the same time, gun use in homicides grew five
times for people age 18 and younger.

Violent U.S. crime began an unprecedented drop in 1993. It was particularly
dramatic in New York City, with a 75 percent drop in violent crime from 1991 to
2004.

Politicians and police chiefs alike have tried to take credit for squashing
crime, but other places, such as Canada, which saw a crime drop similar to that
of the United States, didn't experience any of the forces put forth as reasons
for drops in New York and the rest of the country.

Although the United States put a million more people behind bars, Canada's
numbers fell. The number of U.S. police hired rose, and Canada's fell. The U.S.
economy boomed whereas Canada's fluctuated.

The two countries share some demographic trends, but similar trends weren't
accompanied by a reduction in crime in the 1980s.

The picture is cloudy for Richmond too, Austin said.

"We can look at broad base things like economics, opportunities and education,
but then you see a lot of people who don't buy into the culture."

Even if there were jobs for young Richmond adults, it would be hard to enter the
workforce with a criminal record, much less no resume.

"Some of these people have never worked. Some people are almost 30 and list
'Never worked' when they're jailed. I mean, you can't list 'street-level drug
runner.'"

Despite not knowing why crime rates are changing, there is reason for optimism,
Zimring said. Nothing major changed in New York during its crime-drop years,
which means it doesn't take wholesale change to make a major impact on crime.

"If New York City can do it, so can other cities," he said. "The problem is, we
don't have the detailed recipe."

One way to find some of the ingredients would be to experiment. Richmond would
be ideal for that because it is a rare small city with a life-threatening
environment.

"If you wanted to spend $75 million to turn a police department upside down and
evaluate the consequences, you could do it there," Zimring said.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Violent crime on the rise, summit participants say;
Trend of teens shooting robbery victims seen

BYLINE: Richard Willing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 356 words


WASHINGTON -- Violent crime continued to increase in the first six months of
this year, highlighted by a growing trend of teenagers shooting robbery victims
even if they surrender their valuables.

That was the message from Wednesday's National Violent Crime Summit, at which
170 police chiefs, mayors and other government officials compared local crime
statistics that they have not yet shared with the FBI.

The conclusion: Preliminary data released by the FBI in June -- showing violent
crime rose slightly in 2005 after five years of decline -- were no fluke.

"Crime is coming back, and it has a new and troubling element," said Los Angeles
Police Chief William Bratton. That is "a youthful population that is largely
disassociated from the mainstream of America."

The Police Executive Research Forum (PERF), a group of law enforcement officials
from large cities and counties, sponsored the summit. The group was unable to
provide crime statistics from all major cities, but it offered more than two
dozen examples of cities where violent crime has spiked this year.

Philadelphia saw a 14% increase in robberies compared with the first six months
of 2005, PERF reported. In the same period, Atlanta had 26% more assaults.

Summit participants said the crimes they are seeing contain new elements:

*Robbers, especially juveniles, are more likely than ever to shoot victims, even
when they do not resist. "There's almost a different code on the street, that
it's not a robbery unless you shoot somebody," said Thomas Streicher, police
chief in Cincinnati.

*Among youth gangs, shootings are more often tied to "disrespect" or perceived
slights than drugs or territory. In Trenton, N.J., seven people were shot in a
24-hour period after an argument by girlfriends of rival gang members, public
safety director Joseph Santiago said.

*Robberies and shootings increasingly involve members of the same racial or
ethnic minority. In Boston, a study by the police department and Harvard
University's Kennedy School of Government found that 33% of the city's gun
crimes were committed in 10 locations, mostly public housing projects where
minorities live.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 June 25, 2006

Murder wave hits US 'exburbs'

BYLINE: Tony Allen-Mills New York

SECTION: OVERSEAS NEWS; News; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 784 words


THERE were five teenagers in the car rolling quietly through the muggy night an
hour before dawn in central New Orleans. By the time the police caught up with
them last weekend, they were all dead -riddled with bullets in the worst
outbreak of gun violence since Hurricane Katrina devastated the city last year.

An apparent ambush by unknown gunmen in an area still recovering from Katrina's
flooding has delivered a sharp jolt to what many criminologists are describing
as complacency about violent crime.

As more than 100 reservist military police and 60 state troopers were sent to
reinforce the police last week, New Orleans was emerging as a blood-spattered
symbol of an alarming trend in US criminality.

The city that briefly enjoyed a zero murder rate in the wake of the evacuations
forced by Katrina is on the way to regaining its status as America's most
dangerous city, even though its population has halved.

After 54 murders this year, New Orleans has become one of the deadliest examples
of a rising murder rate that is defying the trends of the past decade and
fuelling concern about a crime wave that appears to be spreading to smaller
cities and states with little experience of serious gun violence.

From Tulsa, Oklahoma, to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, cities that rarely make a dent on
the FBI's annual statistical surveys are recording sharp jumps in violent crime.

Researchers are re-examining the factors that may be influencing crime, among
them the migration of middle-class populations to the "exurbs", or distant
suburbs, often with weak police forces unable to handle the influx and little
experience of urban crime.

Experts say they do not fully understand why murders shot up 10% or more last
year in cities such as Buffalo, in New York state, Memphis, in Tennessee, and
Little Rock, in Arkansas. But they believe that the distractions of fighting
terrorism and a possible migration of criminals chased out of the bigger cities
may have contributed to a jump of 5% in America's overall murder rate last year
-the biggest rise in a single year since 1991.

"These are not the bad old days yet," said Professor Jack Levin, a criminologist
at Northeastern University in Boston. "But I don't think it's a blip on the
radar screen either. I think it's the beginning of a trend and we could see a
whole new crime wave."

For more than a decade American police chiefs have been "sticking their chests
out" while claiming credit for falling crime rates, noted Professor Peter
Scharf, a criminologist at the University of New Orleans. US crime-fighting
techniques such as zero tolerance, computerised analysis and focused deployment
of resources have been used around the globe.

Some cities continue to record significant falls in crime -notably New York,
where the number of murders dropped again last year to 539 compared with 2,245
in 1990 -and the trend has been reinforced by long prison sentences that keep
potential killers off the streets.

Yet police in San Antonio, Texas, have been scratching their heads over the
causes of a dramatic 70% increase in the murder rate this year. Traditionally
peaceful states such as New Hampshire, Iowa and Kansas are also experiencing
violence unknown a decade ago.

In some cities, rises in the murder rate have been linked to the arrival of
Katrina evacuees. Yet FBI officials shied away from blaming any single factor
for increases elsewhere.

"Our large cities seem to be doing something right," said Regina Schofield, an
assistant attorney-general in the justice department. "We need to find out
what's going on in the smaller cities."

One official acknowledged that some communities were "less prepared" to deal
with the activities of criminal gangs displaced from bigger cities. Richard
Hertling of the justice department said he had heard of experienced criminals
moving out of California, which has a "three strikes and you're out" law for
repeat offenders, and setting up operations in Nevada, Oregon and Arizona.

Officials are also concerned about the release of thousands of prisoners
arrested during the 1980s war on drugs who have now served their sentences.

Several criminologists argue that US officials have been distracted by terrorism
since the September 11 attacks and that the government is complacent about
ordinary crime. "We've been resting on our laurels," said Levin.

Researchers are re-examining potential crime-breeding factors, from the role of
abortions in poor communities -theoretically preventing criminals being born to
the spread of more lethal weapons.

"In West Side Story (the musical) they fought with switchblades," said Scharf.

"Now you might as well be in Falluja. When you give kids automatic weapons
nothing good is going to happen."

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 30, 2001 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

PUBLIC LIVES;
Once on TV, Now in Law and Order (Seriously)

BYLINE:   By CHRIS HEDGES

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 850 words


BRIDGET GALE BRENNAN is the kind of woman all mothers wanted their sons to date.
She is blessed with telegenic good looks, which she put to use for a while as a
television reporter, as well as that sunny attitude that Midwesterners slyly use
to humble the rest of us. She has a quick, agile mind. She is determined and
committed.

She has also managed to build a career out of hunting down dealers, pushers and
the heads of drug cartels.

When she moved to New York in 1993 from Wisconsin, New York's violent crime,
bursts of debauchery and acres of concrete made her wince. She did not believe
she would make it through her three-year commitment as a lawyer for the
Manhattan district attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau. But two decades later, she
has, in a sense, won. New York, with violent crime down and many of the biggest
drug cartels broken, is a bit more like Milwaukee than it was when she arrived.

Ms. Brennan, 46, heads the city's office of the special narcotics prosecutor,
which conducts long-term investigations on the drug trade. The office seized
cocaine and heroin with a street value of nearly $90 million last year. It
obtained more wiretaps -- 112 last year -- than any other law enforcement office
in the country. And the cat-and-mouse game between drug dealers and law
enforcement consumes her. When not working she is often bent in concentration
over a chessboard.

"We investigate organizations that have good intelligence, are well run, very
secretive and covert and extremely dangerous," she said. "It is organized crime
as opposed to street crime. It is cerebral. You can attack these organizations
logically, unlike with street crime that is random and often motivated by
violent outbursts."

Ms. Brennan, married to Douglas Jensen, the deputy narcotics chief for the
United States attorney's office in the Southern District, is a descendant of
Irish immigrants who settled as farmers in Wisconsin in the 1840's. She is the
second of 11 children; her youngest sister was born when Ms. Brennan was a
senior in high school. Her father, who died in 1990, wrote children's books with
titles like "Freddie the Frog" and "Dugan the Duck." Her mother still works as
an editor.

She majored in journalism at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and was a
stringer for The Milwaukee Sentinel. Her first article that made the front page
was about a drug bust on a farm in Portage where the Drug Enforcement
Administration seized 100 pounds of methamphetamine.  She did not get a byline.

She went on to work as a television reporter for WEAU in Eau Claire and WFRV in
Green Bay. But a life doing quick stand-ups and blow-drying her hair for a
camera began to wear thin. She chafed at the banality of local news.

"We glossed over events," she said, seated in her office on Center Street as
sheets of rain lashed her sixth-floor windows. "We dealt with only the veneer.
It was not satisfying work. I decided to go to law school and use it to develop
an area of expertise as a reporter."

NO such luck. Once inside the district attorney's office, she was hooked. "Being
a prosecutor, more than in other fields of law, is like being a journalist," she
said. "You are always tied up on an immediate, compelling subject. Prosecutors,
like journalists, like to think they are on the side of the angels. The
difference is that prosecutors have the ability to shape results. Journalists
must report what happened."

She has not, she said, succumbed to cynicism or despair, despite examining the
"underbelly of New York every day." And there is something of her Midwestern
sense of outrage that will probably forever mark her as an outsider.

Ms. Brennan was taken aback when, during a lecture at Cardoza Law School,
students began asking detailed questions about dealers who use pager services to
make home deliveries of drugs.  The practice, she said, is not unusual in the
city.

"From the questions it was clear they or people they knew well were delivering
drugs," she said. "The penalty for carrying Ecstasy, cocaine or heroin is pretty
stiff. And we are catching these people. I was shocked at how naive these kids
were. They thought that since they had not heard that anyone was caught they
could get away with it. It was like kids who cover their eyes and think we can't
see them."

The glamour she finds in her work, and the struggle to break the sophisticated
fire walls, including encoded e-mail, by the big drug cartels is rarely
translated by the entertainment industry, she said. The plethora of
law-and-order shows on television leave her cold, prompting her to channel-surf
to a sporting event. Her office recently spent nine months investigating a large
and sophisticated drug ring, and none of the shows, she said, have been able to
duplicate or even hint at the intricacy of such work.

"Those shows would go off the air real quick if they even tried to hint at the
tediousness of the investigations," she said. "They do not portray the
complexity of the problem, the reasons people use drugs or the extraordinary
difficulty we have in building a solid case. I would rather watch baseball."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Bridget Gale Brennan

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 31, 2001



CORRECTION: The Public Lives profile yesterday, about Bridget Gale Brennan, a
Manhattan prosecutor, misstated the year she moved to New York City from
Wisconsin. It was 1983, not 1993.

GRAPHIC: Photo: BRIDGET GALE BRENNAN (Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 19, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

'Party is over' as decline in crime hits bottom

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 439 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The most sustained decline in crime in the nation's
history appears to have run its course as new FBI statistics out
Monday reveal that the rate of violent crime leveled off dramatically
in the first six months of this year.

Rape and aggravated assault rates increased slightly through June,
the preliminary numbers indicate.

In the West and Midwest, where annual reductions in violence had
reached near double-digits, the drop in crime all but evaporated
during the first six months.


In the South, all crime was up by 1.2% during the same period.
The Northeast was the only region to show an increase in murders,
a rise of 5.5%.

Many crime analysts attribute the change to a combination of a
surging teenage population and an unprecedented exodus of felons
who are returning to their communities after years in prison.

More than 500,000 inmates are expected to leave prison during
the next several years.

"The crime-drop party is over," says James Alan Fox, criminologist
at Northeastern University in Boston.

"To some extent, we may be victims of our own success," he says.
"I don't think crime can go down any further."

For the past eight years, the country has enjoyed a respite from
a crime wave that peaked in the late 1980s and early 1990s. To
a large extent, that increase tracked the violence associated
with the distribution of crack cocaine.

This year, analysts say, the number of people in the age group
that commits the most crime -- 14-to-17-year-olds -- has increased.

"We're just starting to see the baby boomer echo-effect start
to play out," says Temple University criminologist James Fyfe,
referring to the children of the baby boomers.

"I think most of the variables now point to some kind of increase,"
he says.

Boston, Dallas, Los Angeles and Cleveland were among cities experiencing
spikes in various categories of violent crime.

In Cleveland, police Chief Martin Flask says there has been a
slight increase in robbery rates, a 2% increase in felony assault
and a 15% increase in rape so far this year.

The good news, Flask says, is that murders are down -- from 77
in 1999 to 67 so far this year.

Since 1990 in Cleveland, murder has dropped 55%; rape 32%; robbery
36%; and felony assault 30%.

Says Columbia University's Jeffrey Fagan: "Throughout our history,
each recurring cycle of crime has been worse than the last. The
question . . . is how we keep that from happening."


Crime drop slows

First six months of each year vs. same period a year earlier:

1997-4.5%
1998-5.1%
1999-9.5%
2000-0.3%

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Frank Pompa, USA TODAY, Source:FBI Uniform Crime
Reports(bar graph)

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    December 12, 2000 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

CRIME INCREASES SLIGHTLY IN FIRST SIX MONTHS OF 2000;
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY RATES DECREASED 13.6 PERCENT
ALAMEDA COUNTY RATES INCREASED 0.7 PERCENT, ACCORDING TO STATE STATISTICS

BYLINE: Dara Akiko Williams

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


Crime increased slightly in California's largest cities in the first half of
2000, with Los Angeles skewing statistics upward with its 9.7 percent increase,
the state's top prosecutor said Monday.

If Los Angeles were removed from the list, the state's crime rate would have
dropped slightly compared with the first half of 1999, Attorney General Bill
Lockyer said.

Overall, however, crime increased 1.3 percent in the 77 California cities with
populations of at least 100,000, Lockyer said. The largest increases were for
rapes, which increased 9.7 percent, and homicides, which increased 4.7 percent.

The numbers still were lower than when crime rates peaked 25 years ago, Lockyer
said.

"Every number is a victim," he told reporters after speaking at a conference on
DNA testing. "The only acceptable number is zero. I don't predict we're going to
get there soon, but it ought to be a goal."

Crime overall in Los Angeles, the state's largest city with 3.8 million
residents, increased 9.7 percent in the first half of 2000. The biggest increase
was in homicides, which increased 25 percent with 245 killings in the first six
months of 2000 compared with 196 for the same period last year.

Lockyer said he couldn't remember the last time Los Angeles had such an
influence on the statewide data.

"People could speculate endlessly on whether it's gangs, demography or low
morale in the (police) department," he said. "Clearly it is not a time to be
complacent."

In the Bay Area, crime in Contra Costa County decreased 13.6 percent while
Alameda County recorded a 0.7 percent increase.

A sampling of crime figures in Bay Area cities showed a 2.1 percent increase in
Berkeley, a 12.3 percent increase in Concord, a 6.2 percent decrease in Oakland,
a 2.6 percent decrease in San Francisco, a 6.4 percent decrease in San Jose and
an 8.3 percent increase in Vallejo.

Daly City, with a population of 104,600, showed the biggest jump statewide with
a 31 percent increase in crime. The city had 13 rapes in the first half of 2000,
compared with nine during the same period last year.

There were no murders reported in Daly City for the 2000 period, compared with
four from January to June in 1999. However, aggravated assaults increased 94.4
percent to 105 from 54.

Daly City police Sgt. Don Griggs attributed the increase to a change in how
crimes are reported.

Previously, each crime was reported as a single incident, no matter how many
victims. The new system, used for the first time this year, reports the total
number of victims, Griggs said.

The city expected to end 2000 with about 12,600 crimes reported, which would be
down from the 13,045 reported in all of 1999, he said. The FBI's annual crime
report showed Daly City with one of the lowest crime rates in the nation in
1999.

Stanislaus County had a 33.5 percent decrease in crime, the largest percentage
drop in the state.

Lockyer declined to give specific reasons for the increase in crime but
suggested California's population of 18- to 24-year-olds is increasing and rape
victims may be more likely to report attacks.

His office was working to increase rape arrests and prosecutions by expanding a
statewide DNA database that by next summer will contain the genetic code of
200,000 felons.

He plans to support a bill, expected to be introduced next year, that would
require a DNA sample from all people convicted of felonies. Lockyer expects
opposition from civil rights groups.

"We take fingerprints when they're arrested. This is a form of a fingerprint for
every convicted felon," he said. "It seems logical to me."

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 12, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
Most Crime Falling Faster In State's Northern Cities

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 63; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 154 words


Most crimes in cities north of New York City are declining even faster than they
are in the city, with major crimes dropping more than 13 percent in the area's
10 largest cities during the first six months of 1999, a state official said
yesterday.

The decrease in Albany, Binghamton, Buffalo, Jamestown, Rochester, Syracuse,
Utica, Watertown, White Plains and Yonkers outpaced the 8 percent decrease in
New York City, Katherine N. Lapp, the state's criminal justice director, said.

The study compared the number of reported homicides, rapes, robberies,
aggravated assaults, burglaries, larcenies and motor vehicle thefts around the
state in the first six months of 1998 and 1999. Crime throughout the state
dropped 9 percent in that period.

But the state showed a 6 percent increase in homicides between the first half of
1998 and the same period in 1999. New York City had a 14 percent increase in
homicides.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 1, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Violence haunts students at University of Massachusetts

BYLINE: Fred Bayles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: AMHERST, Mass.


AMHERST, Mass. -- One overriding thought stuck with Mary Kennedy
as she woke and prepared for class at the University of Massachusetts:
It was Tuesday.

"I kept thinking, 'I hope nothing happens today,' " said the
20-year-old history major from Longmeadow, Mass. "It's always
on your mind."


Over the past month, three women were attacked on successive Tuesdays
on this bucolic campus of 26,000. Two were raped, one in daylight
yards from the Student Union. A third was slashed in the face
not far from where 500 people rallied against campus violence
last week.

Two Sundays ago, a woman reported that three men blinded her with
pepper spray and beat her before she was able to escape.

A heightened police response resulted in a quiet week before Thanksgiving,
but the first Tuesday after the holiday brought out the jitters.

"All this made everyone realize there is no safe place," said
Elizabeth Shakespeare, a communications major from Allentown,
Pa.

The attacks have heightened student concerns about campus crime.

The FBI's Uniform Crime Reports show that while other violent
crime has decreased on campuses nationwide, the number of rapes
rose 11% last year, from 361 to 407. The Campus Security Act requires
universities to put out an annual report on specific crimes. The
number of crimes reported has risen since the law went into effect
last year. Using those published numbers, The Chronicle of
Higher Education listed the University of Massachusetts at
Amherst third in the number of "forcible sex offenses" behind
Colorado State University and the University of Southern California.

Chronicle managing editor Doug Lederman cautioned that
the report numbers could be misleading. For instance, some campuses
do not include in their reports crimes that have yet to be fully
investigated. Other campus reports count the same crime twice
because it was reported to them by both police and counseling
services. "It could very well be that UMass is more aggressive
in investigating and reporting crime," Lederman said.

James Alan Fox, the Lipman professor of criminal justice at Boston's
Northeastern University, says campus crime statistics are unreliable.

A reported increase in crime could be due to the reporting of
crimes once kept quiet, such as date rape, Fox said.

"There is no indication (that) the danger level has increased,"
Fox said. "If there's a silver lining in these numbers, it's
the fact authorities and victims are becoming more aggressive
about stopping these crime."

For UMass students, however, the series of attacks has brought
the issue of crime altogether too close. The assaults began on
Nov. 2, when a woman was raped after dusk near the Campus Center
Pond, a small body of water bordered by willows and cattails in
the center of the bustling campus.

On Nov. 9, a woman was raped in the rhododendron bushes next to
the Student Union. The time of the attack, 1:55 p.m., was particularly
frightening for students.

In both cases, the assailant was described as a muscular college-age
man.

"It's ironic to think this is happening in a safe setting like
the university," said AnneMarie Foley, 20, a sociology major
from Billerica, Mass.

The beating on Nov. 14 and slashing on Nov. 16 intensified concern.
Patrols of officers on horseback and bicycles and in cars were
increased. Additional officers were brought in from the UMass,
Boston campus; bushes were trimmed and lights installed. The school
distributed 10,000 "shriek alarms," pager-size devices that
can sound a piercing tone. Patrols were formed and students escorted
women between night classes.

"In a way it's brought the campus closer together," Shakespeare
said. "(But) everybody is hoping that this is over."

LOAD-DATE: December 01, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, Nancy Palmieri for USA TODAY(3); Campus in fear: Students
walk near where a woman was raped Nov. 2, the first of several attacks at UMass,
Amherst. At the Student Union: UMass students Elizabeth Shakespeare, left, and
Mary Kennedy discuss the effect the assaults have had on the Amherst campus.
Foley: Attacks in safe setting 'ironic'

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 17, 1998, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

As crime rate rises, Nashville seeks new prevention strategies

BYLINE: Jane DuBose; FOR THE JOURNAL-CONSTITUTION

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 02C

LENGTH: 603 words


Nashville ---When Mayor Phil Bredesen appointed a 12-member commission to look
at the city's crime problem, murders were occurring at about one every three
days.

That was last year, and already into 1998, the murder rate has increased to one
every two days, meaning seven people have been homicide victims by mid-January.
As bad as the murder rate is, however, the commission is learning there are even
worse crime stories to tell in this city.

"We have gotten to be one of the most violent cities in the United States," said
Mark Cohen, a Vanderbilt economics professor and member of the commission. "The
bottom line is that it's not a safe city like it used to be."

Cohen presented to the commission this week a study comparing Nashville's crime
statistics in 1986 and 1996 to those in 24 other cities. Most cities were of
comparable size to Nashville, with a city population of 535,000, but others such
as New York and Boston were included because they are being used as examples of
how to fight crime.

In 1985, Nashville ranked as one of the safest of the 25, with low rates of
rape, assaults and robbery. By 1996, however, Nashville's rank for reported
assaults had dropped from 24 to 4, its rape ranking went from 15 to 6, and
robbery, from 19 to 13. In all but one category of property crimes
---burglary---the city's rankings relative to the other cities also worsened.

Only the murder ranking didn't change, with Nashville's rate at 11th among the
25 cities. Cohen explained that the murder rate is so statistically
insignificant (113 of 535,000 people) that even a bad year like 1997 doesn't
change the numbers much.

"It basically shows that all the talk of the murder rate is not a good indicator
of a citywide rate of crime," Cohen said. "Assaults are the largest, and
clearly, there is a lot more violence going on in Nashville relative to other
cities."

The commission plans to use Cohen's findings in recommendations to Bredesen that
will be made Feb. 4.

Among the recommendations likely to be made to Bredesen are tighter gun control,
a youth violence task force and more police officers. The commission also is
likely to recommend parts of New York's model, which has used accountability
through statistics, a greatly beefed-up force, and more emphasis on drug
arrests, as a way to reduce violent crime.

Even though Nashville has hired more police officers recently, it is still one
of the most understaffed forces among the 25 cities. Nashville has 1,278 sworn
officers, or about 230 officers for 100,000 people, said Police Chief Emmett
Turner.

Cohen said there is statistical evidence that hiring more police officers
decreases crime, as long as they are assigned to the inner cities, where most
crimes occur.

He eliminated several possible explanations for Nashville's spike in crime. He
said the poverty rate is not worse here, the number of juveniles has not
increased substantially, and the economy is generally good. Among the
recommendations for dealing with crime in the commission's draft report:

Reallocate police resources from low-crime areas to areas victimized by drug
trafficking and violent crime, even if response times are not equalized or go up
somewhat; provide 24-hour coverage to these designated areas.

Eliminate plea bargaining for "targeted violent offenders."

Implement a policy requiring a minimum of 30 days sentence and a maximum of six
months in detention for juveniles illegally possessing a gun.

Support and expand the existing drug court.

Transfer truancy program from Department of Education to the Police Department.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 21, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Killing Shakes Complacency Of the Gay Rights Movement

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1358 words


For some of the younger marchers, the demonstration Monday night that paralyzed
parts of midtown Manhattan was their first political rally. For some older
protesters, though, the march -- to express outrage over the killing of a gay
college student in Wyoming -- was a return to the angry street protests that had
so often symbolized the militancy of the gay rights movement.

As the chaotic denouement of the march and the police response was debated
yesterday, one thing seemed clear: the size of the loosely organized protest
showed how the killing of Matthew Shepard has galvanized gay men and lesbians in
New York and around the country as has no other single event in recent years.

The demonstration began at 6 P.M.  as a rally in front of the Plaza on 59th
Street near Central Park, then swelled to 5,000 people on Fifth Avenue, blocking
traffic. Confrontations with police officers resulted in about 110 arrests.
Page B5.

While the size of the protest in midtown surprised even its organizers, the
evocation of anger and sadness on the streets of New York was not unique.
Candlelight vigils have been held across the country, from Washington to Grand
Junction, Colo., Raleigh, N.C., and Lubbock, Tex. In San Francisco, the giant
rainbow flag in the Castro district that symbolizes the gay rights movement was
lowered to half staff. The Internet has been filled with discussion of the
crime. Last night, 1,000 people attended an hourlong prayer service for Mr.
Shepard at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in Manhattan.

The cause of the passion, participants say, is a sense that even as gay people
have become more accepted than ever, there are reminders of the hatred and
violence of the not-so-distant past. Well before Mr. Shepard's killing, an
increase in police reports of anti-gay crimes in New York City had unsettled gay
people, shaking them out of complacency in the years since the height of AIDS
activism.

Recent protests over issues like benefits for domestic partners and the right to
march in the St. Patrick's Day Parade have lacked the drama of the guerrilla
street tactics of AIDS activists. Some gay men and lesbians contend that their
success in drawing attention to AIDS gave some a false feeling of acceptance,
especially in the city with the largest gay population in the country.

"There was a sense, I think, in the gay community, particularly living in a
certain segment of it in New York City, that we can live in a kind of bubble and
feel relatively safe and feel as if we've arrived," said Tim Allis, 37, a
magazine editor. "A sense that gay rights are there, that we are so much a part
of the mainstream in so many ways, so visible, with so many role models on
television. It's a bit of an illusion."

Thomas Ruble, 45, had been to two gay pride rallies and parades, but never to a
large protest march until Monday night. "Sometimes, in our little gay lives in
the middle of America, I think we have forgotten that they kill us," he said.
"They hate us."

In more than 20 interviews with gay men and lesbians in the past week, many
people said that the killing of Matthew Shepard had struck a strong emotional
chord. Some cited his clean-cut image. Others spoke of the brutality of the
crime, in which he was left, severely beaten, lashed to a fence in near-freezing
temperatures to die.

Jay Blotcher, who was a spokesman for Queer Nation, a street protest group, in
the early 1990's, said that in recent years, his group and other militant
organizations had run out of steam and were failing to attract young members.

"We were looking to younger people to pick up the mantle and it wasn't really
happening," he said. "I attributed that to that fact that a new generation came
of age and said: 'I don't have to be a gay activist, I'm just a gay person. It
doesn't have to be an issue.' "

"I think something like this reminds us that it still is an issue," he added.
"There were lots of young people at the rally on Fifth Avenue. And there were
people I know there who had hung up their activist mantles and gone into
semiretirements."

In New York City, there were 82 anti-gay bias crimes reported this year through
Oct. 4, compared with 46 during the same period last year, representing a 78
percent jump, said Deputy Inspector Barbara A. Sicilia, the commander of the
Bias Unit. Overall bias crimes rose by 2 percent, to 384 from 374.

Although the most incidents were reported in lower Manhattan, where they usually
occur, more incidents were also reported in Queens, the Bronx and Staten Island.

In the latest attack, two men shouted anti-gay remarks at a 31-year-old man on
the streets of the Dyker Heights section of Brooklyn yesterday evening, then hit
him in the head with an unspecified object, the police said. The man was not
seriously injured.

Carl Locke, the director of client services at the Gay and Lesbian Anti-Violence
Project, a nonprofit organization that helps victims of bias crimes, said the
spread of bias crimes across the city shows the extent to which gay people are
becoming more visible outside their usual neighborhoods, Greenwich Village and
Chelsea in Manhattan and Park Slope in Brooklyn.

"Most gay-related crimes have people come to your neighborhood and seek you out
to hurt you," he said. "Now people don't have to come downtown. As we are more
visible outside of Manhattan, we have also seen an increase in crimes in those
neighborhoods."

While many activists believe that anti-gay crimes are on the rise across the
country, statistics are difficult to come by. The National Coalition of
Anti-Violence Projects, which collects data from 14 organizations across the
country, reported that violent crimes against gay people rose 2 percent, to
2,445 incidents, in 1997, the last year for which statistics are available. In
1996, the report said, anti-gay crimes rose by 6 percent.

But those figures reflect incidents labeled bias crimes by local organizations,
which often use different standards than the police when determining motivation.

Jack Levin, a professor of sociology and criminology at Northeastern University
and an author of "Hate Crimes: The Rising Tide of Bigotry and Bloodshed" (Plenum
Press, 1993), said it was not unusual for anti-gay crimes to buck the trends of
other bias crimes.

"Most hate crimes respond to economic factors like the unemployment rate, but
not gay-bashing," he said. "Gay-bashing has nothing to do with money, with
economic survival. That's why so many perpetrators are teen-agers and come from
every point among the economic continuum. It is typically done by young people,
with their hormones raging, feeling confusion about sexual identity. Young guys
in denial about their own homosexual feelings who see the very presence of a gay
person as a threat."

Nineteen states, including New York, do not have legislation that specifically
prohibits anti-gay hate crimes. In these states, someone who assaults a gay man
or a lesbian can be convicted of assault, but not a bias-related assault. New
York does have a law, aggravated harassment in the first degree, that outlaws
harassing people because of "the race, color, religion or national origin of
such person," but it makes no reference to sexual orientation.

The Democratic-controlled State Assembly has repeatedly passed bills that would
outlaw anti-gay crimes, but the Republican-controlled State Senate has failed to
act on them. This year, Gov. George E. Pataki, a Republican, renewed his call to
pass the bill, saying that "passing the bias-crime legislation, including a
provision protecting those who would be discriminated against based on sexual
orientation, is very important."

Mr. Allis, the magazine editor, said that Mr. Shepard's killing put recent
history into a new light.

"There was that sense of connecting the dots," he said. "Between the
well-publicized murders, the less-publicized hate crimes that we hear about
across the country, Trent Lott's words calling homosexuality a disease, and
small acts of intolerance, there were all sorts of indications. But the murder
of Matthew Shepard brought the picture into relief."

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A service for Matthew Shepard, the slain gay college student,
last night at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine. (Michelle V. Agins/The New
York Times)(pg. B5)


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 12, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Business Travel;
A travel industry study shows it's best to keep on the move to avoid becoming a
victim of crime.

BYLINE: By Edwin McDowell

SECTION: Section D;  Page 5;  Column 1;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 801 words


MANY companies brief their employees about safety precautions while traveling.
But while tourists have been victims in a number of well-publicized brutal
crimes in recent years, the rate of crime against adult American travelers is
actually 40 percent less than the rate for Americans in general.

According to a recent report, for every 1,000 American adults, there were 213
crimes against their property or person in 1994. In that same period, the rate
for travelers, who were defined as someone more than 100 miles from home, was
127.8 crimes for every 1,000 travelers. The data were weighted to account for
the fact that Americans are at home more than they travel.

The report is based on data from the Justice Department's National Crime
Victimization Survey of 60,000 households and the Travel Industry Association of
America's National Travel Survey of 18,000 United States adults. Collection and
analysis of the data were overseen by Dr. Charles Wellford, chairman of the
department of criminology and criminal justice at the University of Maryland.

Because this is the first study to look at nationwide crimes against travelers,
it is not possible to know whether that rate is rising or falling. But the study
does provide a benchmark for future surveys.

Airline Update

Beginning today, first-class and business-class passengers who fly Northwest
Airlines to Europe can select from new menus created by three chefs, Waldy
Malouf of the Hudson River Club in New York, Brian Polcyn of Acadia in Auburn
Hills, Mich., and Todd English of Olives in Boston. Six weeks ago Northwest
introduced new menus on its flights from Europe to the United States created by
chefs in Paris, London and Frankfurt.

The meals offered beginning today are a far cry from the usual airline fare.
They include smoked pork loin chop on black beans with apply chutney, seared
shrimp and scallop primavera risotto with grated pecorino, and grilled breast of
chicken with Southwestern salsa, black beans, rice and grilled vegetables.

On Delta international flights, first-class and business-class passengers will
soon notice changes in the amenity kits. Such popular items as toothbrush,
toothpaste, eye shades and slipper socks will remain, and first-class kits will
contain an in-flight exercise book. Earplugs, razors and shaving cream will be
available on request. And the first-class kits will come in several designs, so
that they can be reused as document organizers, sports packs and disk storage
cases. Three perennials are falling victim to changing tastes: shoe horns, nail
files and lint brushes.

By the end of the week, Southwest Airlines will be testing wireless hand-held
computers to expedite check-in and confirm reservations for the 30 percent of
its customers who use Southwest's ticketless travel system. The new technology
will allow skycaps access to reservations by a passenger's name, confirmation
number and flight number, and will allow those passengers to check bags at the
curb and thus bypass the ticket counter. After preliminary testing in Dallas,
Houston and Oakland, Calif., the hand-held computers will be expanded next month
to 10 additional airports served by Southwest.


The Hotel Scene

Like customers for the Ford Model A, who could have whatever color they wanted
as long as it was black, most banquet guests have a similar choice when it comes
to the entree -- they can eat it or not. But the JW Marriott Hotel in
Washington, a leading convention hotel, now allows banquet guests to select any
of four entrees, appetizers or deserts from a menu presented as they are seated
at the tables. According to the hotel, the more personalized service requires a
ratio of 1 server to every 10 guests, rather than the usual 1-to-16 ratio.

The Brown Palace, Denver's 102-year-old landmark hotel, has opened a new
business center. Services include computers (which can also be taken to guest
rooms), laser printing, desktop publishing programs, color copying, overhead
transparencies and fax/modem ports. Pagers and cellular phones can be rented.

The 14-story Wyndham Cleveland Hotel has opened in the heart of Cleveland's
downtown business district. All 205 guest rooms contain telephones with modem
ports and voice mail, irons, ironing boards and hair dryers. Guests have free
use of the hotel's indoor exercise room and pool.

Fax machines were recently installed in all guest rooms and suites at the the
Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco, two months after every guest room was equipped with
a voice mail system.

When the 560-room Grand Hyatt Shanghai opens in 1998, it will claim the title of
highest hotel in the world. It will occupy the top 36 floors of an 88-story
skyscraper, the Jin Mao Tower, and will have a 29-story atrium lobby starting on
the 56th floor.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 12, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Business Travel;
A travel industry study shows it's best to keep on the move to avoid becoming a
victim of crime.

BYLINE: By Edwin McDowell

SECTION: Section D;  Page 5;  Column 1;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 801 words


MANY companies brief their employees about safety precautions while traveling.
But while tourists have been victims in a number of well-publicized brutal
crimes in recent years, the rate of crime against adult American travelers is
actually 40 percent less than the rate for Americans in general.

According to a recent report, for every 1,000 American adults, there were 213
crimes against their property or person in 1994. In that same period, the rate
for travelers, who were defined as someone more than 100 miles from home, was
127.8 crimes for every 1,000 travelers. The data were weighted to account for
the fact that Americans are at home more than they travel.

The report is based on data from the Justice Department's National Crime
Victimization Survey of 60,000 households and the Travel Industry Association of
America's National Travel Survey of 18,000 United States adults. Collection and
analysis of the data were overseen by Dr. Charles Wellford, chairman of the
department of criminology and criminal justice at the University of Maryland.

Because this is the first study to look at nationwide crimes against travelers,
it is not possible to know whether that rate is rising or falling. But the study
does provide a benchmark for future surveys.

Airline Update

Beginning today, first-class and business-class passengers who fly Northwest
Airlines to Europe can select from new menus created by three chefs, Waldy
Malouf of the Hudson River Club in New York, Brian Polcyn of Acadia in Auburn
Hills, Mich., and Todd English of Olives in Boston. Six weeks ago Northwest
introduced new menus on its flights from Europe to the United States created by
chefs in Paris, London and Frankfurt.

The meals offered beginning today are a far cry from the usual airline fare.
They include smoked pork loin chop on black beans with apply chutney, seared
shrimp and scallop primavera risotto with grated pecorino, and grilled breast of
chicken with Southwestern salsa, black beans, rice and grilled vegetables.

On Delta international flights, first-class and business-class passengers will
soon notice changes in the amenity kits. Such popular items as toothbrush,
toothpaste, eye shades and slipper socks will remain, and first-class kits will
contain an in-flight exercise book. Earplugs, razors and shaving cream will be
available on request. And the first-class kits will come in several designs, so
that they can be reused as document organizers, sports packs and disk storage
cases. Three perennials are falling victim to changing tastes: shoe horns, nail
files and lint brushes.

By the end of the week, Southwest Airlines will be testing wireless hand-held
computers to expedite check-in and confirm reservations for the 30 percent of
its customers who use Southwest's ticketless travel system. The new technology
will allow skycaps access to reservations by a passenger's name, confirmation
number and flight number, and will allow those passengers to check bags at the
curb and thus bypass the ticket counter. After preliminary testing in Dallas,
Houston and Oakland, Calif., the hand-held computers will be expanded next month
to 10 additional airports served by Southwest.


The Hotel Scene

Like customers for the Ford Model A, who could have whatever color they wanted
as long as it was black, most banquet guests have a similar choice when it comes
to the entree -- they can eat it or not. But the JW Marriott Hotel in
Washington, a leading convention hotel, now allows banquet guests to select any
of four entrees, appetizers or deserts from a menu presented as they are seated
at the tables. According to the hotel, the more personalized service requires a
ratio of 1 server to every 10 guests, rather than the usual 1-to-16 ratio.

The Brown Palace, Denver's 102-year-old landmark hotel, has opened a new
business center. Services include computers (which can also be taken to guest
rooms), laser printing, desktop publishing programs, color copying, overhead
transparencies and fax/modem ports. Pagers and cellular phones can be rented.

The 14-story Wyndham Cleveland Hotel has opened in the heart of Cleveland's
downtown business district. All 205 guest rooms contain telephones with modem
ports and voice mail, irons, ironing boards and hair dryers. Guests have free
use of the hotel's indoor exercise room and pool.

Fax machines were recently installed in all guest rooms and suites at the the
Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco, two months after every guest room was equipped with
a voice mail system.

When the 560-room Grand Hyatt Shanghai opens in 1998, it will claim the title of
highest hotel in the world. It will occupy the top 36 floors of an 88-story
skyscraper, the Jin Mao Tower, and will have a 29-story atrium lobby starting on
the 56th floor.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 13, 1995, Thursday

CORRECTION:

Two entries in the Business Travel column yesterday, about new services at
airlines and hotels, included scrambled passages in some editions. As a result,
paragraphs from "The Hotel Scene" appeared in "Airline Update." Readers wishing
corrected copies of the column may write to Production Quality Control, The New
York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036, or telephone (212)
556-1992.


                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 22, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

JERSEY'S RISE IN VIOLENT CRIME EXCEEDED NATIONAL RISE IN '80

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 62, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Nov. 21


Reports of violent crime rose 21 percent in New Jersey in 1980, compared with
1979, much higher than the national increase of 13 percent, according to the
state's Uniform Crime Report.

The report, prepared by the state police and local police departments said that
in 1980 there had been reports of 505 homicides, 2,260 forcible rapes, 22,302
robberies and 19,313 aggravated assaults.

The increase in the number of reported homicides, 5 percent, was smaller than
the national increase of 7 percent.  In all other areas, however, the increase
in New Jersey exceeded the national rate. Most notably, reports of aggravated
assault increased by 22 percent in the state, compared with an increase of 8
percent nationwide.

Rapes Increase 13%

Reports of rape increased 13 percent in New Jersey, compared with 9 percent
nationally, while reports of robbery rose 22 percent in New Jersey and 20
percent nationally.

In addition, the report noted, almost one in four municipal police officers in
New Jersey was assaulted in 1980.  Sgt. James D. Petrecca, who was involved in
preparation of the report, said the police could not explain why violent crime
had increased more rapidly in New Jersey than in the rest of the country.

The report noted that the increase in violent crime in the nine Northeastern
states was roughly the same as the national increase.  Part of the increase was
because of rising population, the report said. The rate of reported homicides
and rapes per 1,000 inhabitants did not change at all from 1979 to 1980, the
robbery rate increased by 20 percent and the rate of aggravated assault by 18
percent.

Reports of nonviolent crimes, including burglary, larceny-theft and
motor-vehicle theft, increased by 9 percent in New Jersey in 1980, the same as
the national increase, the report said.

Overall Arrests Up 5%

Overall arrests increased in the state by 5 percent. Just more than half of
those arrested were under 21 years of age. Males accounted for 83 percent of the
arrests; 72 percent of those arrested were whites, the report said.

The most arrests, 39,199, were recorded in Essex County. Bergen, the state's
most populous county, had 28,970 arrests, followed by Monmouth, with 27,710,
Middlesex, with 25,088, and Camden, with 22,564.

The largest increase in arrests, however, occurred in the rapidly growing casino
area of Atlantic County, where arrests increased 18 percent in 1980.

In Atlantic City itself, the number of reported crimes skyrocketed by 70 percent
to 11,899. The increase was mostly in nonviolent crimes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Governments, elected leaders respond to uptick in hate crime

BYLINE:  Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 259 words


HARTFORD, Conn. - Amid reports of hate crimes and hate speech after the election
of Republican Donald Trump as president, there have been calls from some
governments and elected officials for stronger anti-hate crime laws, a crackdown
on offenders and hotlines for people to report harassment .

Here are some of the steps taken across the U.S.

BIAS HOTLINES

A hotline created by Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey's office last
week to report incidents of harassment or intimidation of minority groups in the
state already has logged hundreds of calls.

Healey, a Democrat, said her office set up the hotline in response to
bias-motivated threats around the country.

Meanwhile, Delaware Attorney General Matt Denn, a Democrat, has urged residents
of his state who believe they are victims of threats based on their personal
characteristics to call the state's Department of Justice.

Hotlines to report hate crimes also have been established in recent days in San
Francisco and Maryland.

LAW CHANGES

Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., has called for tougher federal legislation
against hate crimes. He announced Monday that he planned to submit legislation
that would increase penalties for those convicted of hate crimes and allow those
who report hate crimes to do so anonymously, among other things.

INVESTIGATIONS

In New York, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has directed state police to create a special
unit to investigate reports of hate crimes. Cuomo, a Democrat, announced the
initiative Sunday, saying it's in response to what he called "ugly political
discourse."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 26, 2014 Sunday

San Jose mayor's race: Political views on crime in San Jose tell a tale of two
cities

BYLINE: By Robert Salonga rsalonga@mercurynews.com

SECTION: POLITICS; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 998 words


SAN JOSE -- This year's mayor's race has been dominated by public safety on a
level unseen in San Jose's modern history, with one side pushing promising
trends and the other side portending scary times ahead for the country's
10th-largest city.

Election brochures that have been appearing in mailboxes and other campaigning
illustrate those opposing contentions: Crime rates are either heading downward,
according to Sam Liccardo's supporters, or there are crowbar-wielding masked
thieves lurking at nearly every residential corner, if you believe Dave Cortese
and his supporters.

So what's really happening?

A 10-year look at crime data shows property crimes in San Jose rose sharply
between 2008 and 2012 before starting to dip in 2013. Statewide, there were
corresponding but less dramatic ups and downs, while national trends show a
consistent decline over those same years. But San Jose's violent crime rate has
stayed well below state and national averages and in 2013 was the lowest of any
large U.S. city, according to figures from the San Jose Police Department, state
attorney general and FBI.

With property crimes, the city is leveling off from a recent peak in 2012, when
its rate of 2,930.2 incidents per 100,000 residents marked the first time in at
least a decade San Jose exceeded the state and national rates. There has been
some relief by way of successive 10 percent decreases in 2013 and the first six
months of 2014. In 2013, San Jose's property crime rate ranked sixth-lowest
among the 35 U.S. cities with at least 500,000 residents, a list that includes
New York City, Los Angeles, San Francisco and San Diego. But it remains far
higher than many longtime residents are used to.

Violent crime in San Jose saw a similar rise and fall along with the rest of the
country, though the violent-crime rate of 326.6 incidents per 100,000 residents
has remained persistently below big-city peers. The city's violent-crime rate is
now at its second-lowest level of the past decade, even with a 4 percent rise in
the first six months of 2014.

In this political year, what the voters are really seeing is candidates who
slice and dice those statistics to support their campaign, according to Greg
Woods, a lecturer in the criminal justice studies department at San Francisco
State University whose expertise includes criminal justice research methods.

Supporters of Councilman Liccardo, a close ally of outgoing Mayor Chuck Reed,
are focusing on the recent drop in crime. Meanwhile, Supervisor Cortese, the
candidate backed by the police union, is emphasizing the overall increase in
property crime over the past few years.

"That's why we should view this data critically. In a vacuum, statistics don't
do anything -- it's in how you use those numbers," Woods said. "It's playing
with fear. It's not about two plus two equaling four, it's about emotions."

A particularly vivid example came when Reed recently put out a news release
boasting a 70 percent drop in violent gang crimes through the first nine months
of this year. Upon closer scrutiny, it became clear the percentage was so high
because the first month of the year had the worst numbers and the ninth month
had the best; the numbers in the intervening months did not substantiate the
trend Reed cited. A more reliable comparison, which Reed said he was warned
against doing because of data limitations, shows the drop to be closer to 15
percent.

Woods noted that property crimes have outpaced violent crimes in the public
consciousness because of the economic profile of San Jose, where homeownership
is relatively common.

"When you have high percentages of the population that own things, high property
crime is going to be more meaningful to them," Woods said.

San Jose is not alone in seeing fluctuations, particularly the elevated property
crime rate that parallels a similar upward trend in California, although the
city's increase prior to 2013 was somewhat more pronounced. Law-enforcement and
civic leaders throughout the state have attributed the rise at least in part to
"realignment" policies instituted by the Legislature and governor in 2011 that
allowed early release for offenders convicted of certain nonviolent crimes --
often property crimes -- in response to court orders to relieve prison
overcrowding.

Many cities in the state have also cut police staffing amid budget tightening
and contentious pension reform efforts. That is probably most evident in San
Jose, which in six years has gone from 1,400 officers to just over 1,000. The
police union and its allies contend the result has been lagging police response
times, deflating residents to the point where they are reporting nonviolent
crimes less frequently. Arrests have also dropped by half in the same time
frame.

Woods said it leads to a paradox that becomes difficult to quantify. When people
feel unsafe, what's changing: the level of crime or our awareness of it?

"Usually it's pretty simple: The more police you have in the community, the less
crime there is in the community," Woods said. "Are we only perceiving more crime
because there are more cops on the street, or seeing less of it because we have
fewer cops on the street?"

Perception may be the most important factor in the political debate over crime.
For several years in the 2000s, San Jose was second lowest, after New York City,
in property crimes per capita among large U.S. cities. At the time, San Jose was
routinely lauded as the safest large city in the country. Property crime has
generally risen since then, and residents have noticed.

"If one of the reasons people live here is that it's a safe city, and crimes
against people go up, it might not be the worst city, but considering where it
was, there are expectations," said Larry Gerston, a longtime San Jose State
political science professor and analyst. "Unfortunately, when you gain a
reputation for something, it's a lot easier to lose it."

Contact Robert Salonga at 408-920-5002. Follow him at Twitter.com/robertsalonga
.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the San Jose Police Department investigate a homicide scene
at a home on Eppling Lane near Latona Court in San Jose, Calif. on Tuesday,
March 18, 2014. When officers arrived they found a man suffering from a gunshot
wound and he was pronounced dead at the scene. This was the city's ninth
homicide of the year. (Gary Reyes/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday
                               e_edition EDITION

FAMU's president won't be suspended

BYLINE: John Bacon with staff and wire reports

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 605 words


Florida A&M's board of trustees on Monday rejected a call from Gov. Rick Scott
that school President James Ammons be suspended while the hazing death of a band
member is probed.

The decision comes three days after the state medical examiner ruled that Robert
Champion's Nov. 19 death was a homicide. Officials say he was beaten so severely
that he bled internally and  died within an hour. "We will stand firm against
outside influence, no matter how well intended," board Chairman Solomon Badger
said.

At issue is a a "culture of hazing" within the university's famed "Marching 100"
band. Band director Julian White is on temporary leave, and Ammons has been
reprimanded.

FBI: Violent crime in decline in 2011

Violent and property crimes reported to police are dropping despite tough
economic times, the FBI reported. Violent crimes reported in the first half of
2011 were down 6.4% from a year ago. The number of property crimes, including
burglary, larceny and vehicle theft, fell 3.7%, the FBI said.

All four offenses in the violent crime category -- murder and non-negligent
homicide, forcible rape, robbery and aggravated assault -- decreased. The report
is based on information from more than 12,500 law enforcement agencies.

Seattle passes ban on plastic bags

The Seattle City Council voted  to ban single-use plastic bags from groceries
and other retail stores, joining a growing trend among cities. The ordinance
takes effect in July 2012. It includes a provision to charge a nickel fee for
the use of paper bags. Nearby Washington towns of Mukilteo, Edmonds and
Bellingham, along with Portland, Ore., also have banned plastic bags.

In Washington, D.C., businesses that sell food or alcohol must charge 5 cents
for each bag. Other cities -- including Eugene, Ore.; Austin and Jackson, Wyo.
-- are  considering similar laws.

Two Muslim men sue Delta Air Lines

Two Muslim men sued Delta Air Lines and a regional carrier, saying they were
kicked off a plane in May as they traveled to a conference on discrimination
against Muslims.

The federal suit, filed in Nashville against Delta and Atlantic Southeast
Airlines, claims the pilot wanted Masudur Rahman and Mohamed Zaghloul off the
Charlotte-to-Memphis flight because he thought passengers would be
uncomfortable. The men are described  as having beards and "traditional Arabic
clothing." The airlines issued a statement condemning discrimination.

Judge blasts Blagojevich's lawyer

The federal judge who sentenced Rod Blagojevich to 14 years in prison for
corruption rejected and derided as "harebrained" Blagojevich's legal team's
request that he look into potential misconduct by a jury forewoman  as possible
grounds for tossing out Blagojevich's conviction.

Judge James Zagel noted a complaint in the motion that forewoman Connie Wilson
recently used her juror questionnaire in a talk she gave to  students, saying he
never instructed jurors to keep their questionnaires confidential after the
trial ended. He threatened to sanction lawyer Lauren Kaeseberg and suggested she
write a letter of apology to Wilson.

Also

VENTURA, Calif. -- Brandon McInerney, 17, was sentenced to 21 years in prison
for fatally shooting gay classmate Lawrence  King, 15, during a computer lab
class nearly four years ago.

NEW YORK -- Jerome Isaac, 47, accused of spraying gasoline on a 73-year-old
woman and setting her ablaze in an elevator, was charged with murder and arson.

Hanukkah, the Jewish Festival of Lights, kicks off tonight. The holiday
celebrated for eight days and nights commemorates the re-dedication of the holy
Temple in Jerusalem following the Jewish victory over Syrian-Greeks in 165 B.C.


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              March 6, 2011 Sunday

Just about every state but Wyoming has hate-crimes law

BYLINE: Josh Mitchell

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 463 words


By Josh Mitchell

jmitchell@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Wyoming is one of only five states in the country that does not have
a hate-crimes law.

The lack of such a law in Wyoming makes it difficult to track the crimes,
according to officials.

Wyoming Division of Criminal Investigation Director Forrest Bright said a hate-
crimes law would help in the reporting of the crimes.

For instance, he said the 1998 murder of gay University of Wyoming student
Matthew Shepard was only identified as a homicide, not as a hate crime.

The other states that do not have a hate-crimes law are Arkansas, Georgia, South
Carolina and Indiana.

Scott Levin, director of the Anti-Defamation League in Denver, said it is ironic
that many states adopted hate-crimes laws after the Shepard murder, but Wyoming
didn't do so itself.

The Anti-Defamation League believes Wyoming should have a hate-crimes law to
give comfort to groups of people who may be the target of such violence.

But state Rep. Mary Throne, D-Cheyenne, does not think a hate-crimes law would
pass in Wyoming.

"We just don't like to put lots of laws on the books in Wyoming," she said.

State Sen. Wayne Johnson, R-Cheyenne, said he thinks Wyoming should have a hate-
crimes law.

Currently, offenses that could be prosecuted under a hate-crimes statute would
be misdemeanors, Johnson said.

For instance, he said if KKK pamphlets were put under a window at a church, the
only crime would be littering.

Bright said his agency has received reports that there are a few individuals in
Wyoming associated with hate groups.

But he said those individuals are allegedly involved with groups in other
states.

In his 10 years as the Laramie County district attorney, Scott Homar can't
recall any crimes being committed here that were based on race, religion or
sexual preference.

"It's not something that we see," he said.

Homar said the state's current laws are adequate and that a hate-crimes statute
isn't necessary.

In Wyoming, no crimes have been prosecuted under the latest federal hate-crimes
law passed in 2009, according to John Powell, spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's
Office.

That law, called the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention
Act, expanded the 1969 federal hate-crimes law to include crimes in which
gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability was the motivating
factor.

Powell said he spoke with two senior attorneys at the agency, and they could not
recall a crime being prosecuted in Wyoming under the 1969 law, either.

According to the FBI, there have been no recent reports of hate crimes in
Wyoming.

Likewise, Laramie County Sheriff Danny Glick and Cheyenne Police Chief Brian
Kozak said they do not know of any hate crimes being committed here. Kozak and
Glick also said they are unaware of any local hate groups.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             March 26, 2010 Friday

Card hacker Albert Gonzalez gets 20 years, but cyber crime rising;
Albert Gonzalez cost companies and insurers almost $200 million, federal
prosecutors say, earning him the longest sentence ever leveled for cyber crime.

BYLINE: Mark Guarino Staff writer

LENGTH: 461 words


The 20-year sentence for Albert Gonzalez, the mastermind behind one of the
largest cyber thefts in US history, illustrates a disturbing trend: a 22 percent
increase in cyber crime complaints over the last year. Mr. Gonzalez was
sentenced in Boston on Thursday for breaking into the computer systems of major
retailers in Massachusetts. A separate sentencing Friday will address similar
hacking cases in New Jersey and New York involving companies such as 7-Eleven
Inc., New England grocery store chain Hannaford, and payment card processor
Heartland Payment Systems. Gonzalez pleaded guilty to all charges.

His escapades cost companies, banks, and insurers almost $200 million, federal
prosecutors say. His sentence is the harshest ever leveled for computer crime in
an American court, said Mark Rasch, former head of the computer crimes unit at
the US Department of Justice. Authorities say Gonzalez's activities suggest a
growing sophistication among homegrown hackers who use software to harvest
credit-card data and other personal information through vulnerable Internet
signals and hacked ATMs. Data are often sold to overseas operators or used to
benefit the hackers themselves. According to a report published this month by
the Internet Crime Complaint Center, a joint operation between the FBI and the
National White Collar Crime Center, online crime complaints reached 336,655 in
2009, up 22.3 percent from the previous year. Total loss linked to online fraud
was $559.7 million, a 111 percent rise. The report listed nondelivery or
nonpayment of goods as the top cyber crime reported to law enforcement in 2009,
at 19.9 percent. Rounding out the top five were identity theft (14.1 percent),
credit-card fraud (10.4 percent), auction fraud (10.3 percent) and computer
fraud (7.9 percent). Gonzalez fits the profile of most cyber criminals: He is
male and lived in Florida, the state with the second-highest number of known
perpetrators. California is first. Hackers typically do not operate alone. In
the Gonzalez case, two foreign codefendants helped him retrieve and transfer the
data overseas. However, a Chicago case involving cleaning service workers shows
how cyber crime is not just limited to computer geeks - or even men. On
Thursday, Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart announced the arrest of seven people -
all women - who stole data to purchase more than $300,000 in jewelry,
electronics, and other goods. The data were stolen from as many as 250 patient
files from the offices of the Northwestern Medical Faculty Foundation by workers
of a nighttime cleaning service. Mr. Dart said the data were used to open new
credit accounts at major retailers or to add names to existing accounts.
Warrants were issued for two suspects who remain at large.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Crime becomes campaign issue;
Bell and Stith swap charges over extent of problem in city

BYLINE: Ray Gronberg gronberg@heraldsun.com; 419-6648

SECTION: METRO; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 777 words


Durham's mayoral race heated up a bit more over the past 10 days as the two
candidates swapped charges about the extent of the city's crime problem and who
has the better strategy for reducing it.

Challenger Thomas Stith started the volleying last week with a mass mailing to
area voters that said his opponent, incumbent Bill Bell, "doesn't have a clue"
when it comes to fighting crime.

The brochure cited a number of statistics to try to pin the blame on Bell for
the fact that Durham endures a crime rate that's higher than that experienced by
many other communities.

It also included a list of the things Stith would advocate to reduce the crime
rate. It included many things city government is already doing, the major
exception being that the challenger wants police and prosecutors to work with
federal authorities to bring racketeering charges against street gangs.

Bell fired back this week by issuing a news release on campaign letterhead that
disputed a number of Stith's factual assertions and criticized the city
councilman's interest in applying racketeering laws to gangs.

The mayor also said Stith bears as much responsibility for the problem as
anyone.

Claims to the contrary are "delusional, particularly coming from someone who has
sat on the City Council longer than I have," Bell said. "He claims he is running
against the status quo when in reality, he is the status quo."

The factual dispute on the extent of Durham crime problem turned on the question
of what communities voters should compare it to.

Stith said Durham's crime rate is about twice the national average, but based
that claim on statistics that include figures from many rural communities. Bell,
on the other hand, claims Durham's crime rate compares favorably to those of
similarly sized towns like Richmond, Va., and Rochester, N.Y.

The mayor didn't dispute Stith's claim that Durham's crime rate is the highest
in the Triangle, which it is.

The city's violent-crime rate -- which takes into account homicides, rapes,
robberies and assaults -- has topped that of Raleigh and Cary every year since
Bell became mayor, and that of Chapel Hill in every year of the mayor's tenure
for which the FBI has the statistics.

The same is true of property crimes, which include burglaries, larcenies,
motor-vehicle thefts and arson.

In 2005, the last year for which the FBI has statistics for all four cities,
Durham suffered almost 59 property crimes and about seven violent crimes for
every 1,000 residents.

Raleigh was the runner-up in violent crime with about six for every 1,000
residents, and Chapel Hill was the runner-up in property crime with about 41 per
1,000 people.

Durham's violent crime spiked higher in 2006 -- to a bit more than nine per
1,000 residents -- but FBI and local officials caution against using last year's
number to make comparisons because the Durham Police Department changed the way
it counts assaults.

Its property crime rate dropped a bit last year to about 57 per 1,000 residents,
but remained significantly ahead of Raleigh's rate of 36 per 1,000 residents and
Cary's rate of 20 per 1,000.

Bell's claim that Durham's crime figures compare favorably to cities its size
has merit.

Both of the North Carolina cities most like Durham in size -- Greensboro and
Winston-Salem -- had slightly higher rates of both violent and property crime in
2005. And throughout Bell's tenure, Winston-Salem has generally been more prone
to property crime than Durham.

North Carolina's largest city, Charlotte, battles a violent crime problem that's
significantly worse than Durham's. Charlotte's annual rate of 11 or 12 violent
crimes per 1,000 residents has topped Durham's throughout Bell's stay in the
mayor's office.

As for crime-fighting strategy, Bell's news release tried to argue that Stith
had opposed a 12-officer expansion of the Police Department's ranks that the
council approved this spring.

The allegation was only partly true. Stith did vote against the city's 2007-08
budget because he felt its 2.5 percent property tax increase was excessive.

But in negotiations that led up to the vote, Stith insisted on beefing up City
Manager Patrick Baker's request for six more officers. Stith wanted 15 officers,
but settled for the 12 that made it into the budget as a compromise.

Bell attributed his disagreement with the use of racketeering laws to the belief
of both police and local prosecutors "that prosecuting gang members under [those
laws] requires far more time and money than is needed for this level of crime."

Officials in other parts of the country -- most notably in Southern California
-- have used the racketeering statutes to secure long prison terms for gang
leaders.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   December 19, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

FBI: Crime Rate Leveling Off; Increase in Teenage Population Could Trigger Rise

Dan Eggen , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 627 words


Serious crime decreased only slightly in the first six months of this year, a
sign that the longest-running crime drop in the nation's history may be coming
to an end, FBI statistics released yesterday show.

Overall, reports of serious crimes such as murders and robberies declined just
0.3 percent from the same period in 1999, according to the FBI, and some crimes
--including rape and aggravated assault--showed slight increases.

In 1999, reports of crime in the same categories plummeted 9.5 percent from the
same period in 1998.

The numbers mark a dramatic slowdown in a historic drop in crime that began
eight years ago and, until now, has shown few signs of leveling off.

James Alan Fox, a criminologist at Northeastern University in Boston, said the
FBI report indicates that the crime decline has stalled across the country.

"All good things must end, and it's ended," Fox said. "If it were just certain
states or certain crimes, you might think it's an aberration, but it's across
the board geographically and by crime type."

Fox and other crime experts warned that a predicted bulge in the teenage
population in coming years could drive rates higher. Some cities, such as Los
Angeles and Houston, are already experiencing sudden increases in homicides and
other violent crimes, Fox said, much of it attributable to juveniles and young
adults.

"It can't last forever, and we're probably not going to see much more headway
until these serious problems are dealt with," said Dan Macallair, vice president
of the Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice, a liberal policy group. "As the
economy slows, we could even see some small increases in crime again."

Crime experts cautioned against concluding too much from the preliminary FBI
numbers, which have not been adjusted for increases in population.

The FBI study, based on reports from more than 17,000 police departments across
the country, showed that violent crimes and property offenses continued to fall
in cities with more than 250,000 people. The number of overall crime reports
also dropped slightly in the Northeast, Midwest and West.

But the bureau also found that crime rose 1.2 percent in the South from January
through June, and either rose or leveled off in smaller cities. The crime
problem also continued its migration into suburbs and rural communities, where
there was a 3 percent increase in crime overall and a 7 percent jump in the
number of murders. Those areas, however, are still much safer than most large
cities.

In the District, overall crime dropped by 7.6 percent in the first half of 2000,
but rapes, robberies and auto thefts were up slightly, according to the FBI
report.

Attorney General Janet Reno, giving credit to the Brady gun-control measure and
federal grants to increase the number of police officers, said that "our
communities are safer than they have been in a generation."

But Reno said that "today's report also shows crime edging up in some areas.
That is why we must not become complacent. We must remain vigilant in our
efforts to identify these trends and continue to implement innovative programs
that will keep our communities safe."

Overall, the FBI report outlines a decidedly mixed portrait of crime trends,
especially when compared with the dramatic declines of the 1990s. Murder
declined 1.8 percent and robbery fell 2.6 percent, but both rape and aggravated
assault increased 0.7 percent; in the first six months of 1999, rapes fell by
8.4 percent and assaults decreased by 7.1 percent.

There had not been an increase in rapes and assaults have since 1992, according
to FBI figures.

Among property crimes, burglary fell 2.4 percent, but auto theft rose 1.2
percent and other thefts increased 0.1 percent.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 13, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

LAW ENFORCEMENT;
Is Putnam the Safest County? Uh, Not Exactly

BYLINE: By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section 14WC; Page 5; Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 810 words


AS the parting shot in a one-page news release, it almost went unnoticed:
"Putnam County is considered the safest county in the state of New York."

But from the cornfields of Tioga County, in northwest New York, to the bedroom
neighborhoods of Madison County, in the geographic center of the state, the
words drew a surprising response.

"That seems kind of braggadocio," Peter L. Ward, the chairman of the County
Legislature in Tioga, said of Putnam's declaration.

The sheriff of Putnam County issued the statement in June, citing 1999
statistics in four crime categories. But in a follow-up interview, the sheriff,
Robert Thouborron, admitted that his comments might have been made hastily. The
state's Division of Criminal Justice Services has yet to issue its 1999 report,
so Putnam's crime data cannot be compared with other counties.

"If the headline is, 'Sheriff Misleads Public,' then you got me," Mr. Thoubboron
said. "We should have said we are one of the safest."

Taking credit for cutting crime is nothing new. Everyone from Mayor Rudolph W.
Giuliani to President Clinton has done it. The political and economic benefit of
a perceived sense of safety is often the motive, criminologists say.

But tiny increases or decreases in statistics, especially in counties or cities
where the crime rate is already low, can cause dramatic swings in percentages
that render them meaningless. For example, an increase of one violent crime a
year would double the crime rate in Hamilton County but would barely be felt in
a place like Yonkers.

It's not that Putnam is lying.

"When you deal with smaller jurisdictions like this, the numbers can fluctuate
from year to year, quite wildly," said James Alan Fox, Lipman professor of
criminal justice at Northeastern University in Boston. "You have to take not
just with a grain of salt but with the whole shaker of salt claims by a county
saying that they are the safest."

According to the state's most recent report in 1998, four counties in New York
had lower rates of violent crime per 100,000 people than Putnam: Hamilton,
Madison, Schuyler and Tioga.

Thomas M. Gifford, the chairman of the Schuyler County Legislature, said that he
has known people who have moved to Schuyler from Putnam for safety.

Michael J. Maloney, the Schuyler County sheriff, said he has not studied the
numbers but believes "we probably have the lowest amount of violent crime," in
the state. In fact, its rate is the second lowest, after Hamilton.

"You can walk around the streets here at night all by yourself and you don't
have to worry about anybody driving up to you doing bodily harm," Mr. Gifford
said.

Of course, Schuyler County is so rural (it has 18,500 residents) that, as Mr.
Gifford said, "a lot of the streets here don't have lights, sidewalks or
pavement."

In Putnam County, with a population of 93,000, Mr. Thoubboron said robberies
were cut in half, to 7 last year from 14 in 1998. That is less than the number
of robberies that can occur in one night in one police precinct in the Bronx.

Burglaries, Mr. Thoubboron said, dropped by 32 percent in Putnam, to 232 last
year from 302 in 1998. Motor vehicle thefts went down 53 percent in the same
period, he said.

Those drops were on top of crime rates already among the state's lowest,
according to the state's 1998 report on crime.

Among counties with populations between 50,000 and 100,000, Putnam had the
lowest index crime rate that year, a rate calculated by adding the total number
of violent crimes to property crimes, dividing by the county population and
multiplying by 100,000.

Mr. Thoubboron ended his June 8 statement by saying Putnam's decrease "is in
large part due to the professional and dedicated law enforcement officers in the
various departments that serve our community." Translation: good cops.

But experts say crime often runs in cycles, its rates more a product of
sociological trends than enforcement strategies. If a county wants to claim to
be the safest, it must be safe in all areas of crime, not just four or five
categories, said Alfred Blumstein, a criminologist at Carnegie Melon University.

"The one I find most reliable is homicide rates," Mr. Blumstein said.

Putnam County had four homicides in 1999, according to the records provided by
Mr. Thoubboron. One case, on New Year's Eve, was memorable for its horror: a
Carmel woman killed her two sons, her husband and herself.

When asked to recall the last homicide in Madison County (population 70,000)
Rocco J. DiVeronica, the chairman of the county's Board of Supervisors, conceded
he was stumped.

"You mean just a regular outright murder?" Mr. DiVeronica said. "I don't know.
About 13 years ago we had a brother killed a brother.

"Boy, I know there's been some suicides," he added, pausing to think for a
moment. "That's an interesting question."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "Low-Crime Counties"
1998 county violent crimes and crime rates per 100,000 population.

OFFENSES/RATE
Hamilton: 1/ 19.1
Schuyler: 10/ 52.1
Tioga: 33/ 62.2
Madison: 54/ 75.2
Putnam: 70/ 75.6
Yates: 22/ 91.0
Oswego: 116/ 94.0
Schoharie: 33/ 101.4
Tompkins: 101/ 104.3
Saratoga: 209/ 105.1
Westchester: 2,994/ 333.4
Kings (Brooklyn): 31,123/ 1,347.1
(Source: State Division of Criminal Justice Services, Uniform Crime Report)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 21, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Nation;
Fear of Crime Trumps the Fear of Lost Youth

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER

SECTION: Section 4; Page 3; Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1256 words

DATELINE: PONTIAC, Mich.


TO look at a photograph of Nathaniel Abraham is to search for the face of a
child. Nathaniel, 13, was convicted last week for planting himself on a hillside
in this Detroit suburb, shooting at a stranger walking out of a convenience
store and killing him -- a crime he committed at the age of 11.

His conviction for second-degree murder raises questions that go to the heart of
what society would like childhood to be, and what society believes must be done
when a child has acted like the worst sort of adult.

Nathaniel, like an increasing number of children across the country, was tried
and convicted as an adult. So was Kip Kinkel, sentenced on Nov. 10 to life in
prison without parole for killing his parents and two classmates in Springfield,
Ore., when he was 15.

As state after state has lowered the age at which youths can be treated as legal
adults, sentenced to long terms in adult prisons and even put to death for their
crimes, Americans are caught between two contradictory impulses: to preserve
childhood as a time of innocence and to deny that children who commit crimes are
indeed children.

It is a common lament that children today grow up too fast, that society is
conspiring to deprive them of the halcyon childhood they deserve. Children today
watch television shows and movies saturated with sexual innuendo and violence.
They wear clothes that are scaled-down copies of adult styles. They engage in
sex younger, and for at least some of those children the rite of losing one's
virginity is increasingly ho-hum.

Children are also spending less and less time with adults, and are more often
influenced by peers. The result is less guidance on how to behave like a
grown-up, even as there are more pressures to act like one.

Yet coupled with society's fear of prematurely lost innocence has been a growing
terror of the violent crimes that youngsters -- boys in particular -- are
capable of planning and carrying out. At least 38 people have been killed in a
dozen school shootings since 1993, from West Paducah, Ky., to Littleton, Colo.
In almost every case, boys have fired the shots. Such cases have captured the
public's imagination, even though actual arrests of males under age 18 for
violent crimes peaked at 151,074 in 1994 and have fallen 26 percent since then.

Fear of crime is trumping concern about foreshortened boyhood. Still, responding
to a sharp rise in juvenile crime during the early 1990's, at least 44 states
have adopted new laws since 1992 that allow more children to be tried as adults.

Many child development experts say this strategy ignores children's very
immaturity. The answer to juvenile crime, they contend, is to provide more
guidance and supervision for all boys, and more counseling for the emotionally
troubled or mentally impaired, instead of more stringent penalties for boys who
step out of line.

"The problem we're facing is boys are not being nurtured and cared for toward
adulthood," said Michael W. Gurian, a family therapist in Spokane, Wash., who
has written eight books on male development. "They're not being taught to
control their emotions, they're not being taught to be men."

But this view, which typifies the main current of intellectual thought about
children during the 20th century, seems to be yielding in the criminal justice
system to an older way of thinking about children, one that views them as little
adults.

The nation's first juvenile court was set up 100 years ago in Chicago to handle
children's offenses discreetly and with an emphasis on rehabilitation. Before
then, the few youths who committed serious crimes were often treated as small
but errant adults and sent to prison.

Indeed, children were treated as adults in many ways throughout most of history.
They were expected to work from an early age, toiling alongside their parents in
mines and in sweatshops. The historian Philippe Aries has said children were not
even recognized as distinct from adults until the 17th century. The
romanticization of childhood as a time of innocence really took flight in
Victorian England, along with laws restricting child labor. Then came the notion
of a separate track for children in the criminal justice system.

The publicity attending what seems like an endless series of horrific incidents
involving youngsters has contributed to the current willingness to return to the
earlier time of treating children on a par with adults.

Yet the cases of Kip Kinkel and Nathaniel Abraham raise troubling questions
because defense psychologists testified that the boys had emotional
difficulties. Kip was said to have told doctors during his sentencing hearing
that since the age of 12 he had heard voices ordering him to kill. Psychologists
said Nathaniel had below-average intelligence and significant difficulties in
controlling his emotions -- particularly anger.

Child development experts almost invariably agree that counseling and other
intervention should begin early enough to prevent violent crimes. But opinions
diverge on what to do once a child has committed murder -- particularly after
having had many other contacts with police.

Police suspected Nathaniel in other criminal incidents during the nearly three
years before the 1997 hillside shooting, though no charges were ever brought.
Prosecutors say he has assaulted other youths at least twice while in custody
awaiting his recent trial.

SOME experts maintain that prolonged confinement is not the answer. Aaron R.
Kipnis, a clinical psychologist and the author of a new book, "Angry Young Men:
How Parents, Teachers, and Counselors Can Help Bad Boys Become Good Men"
(Jossey-Bass), said his own experience as a troubled youth had persuaded him
that long prison sentences only produce hardened criminals.

"I was on the street, I sold drugs, I committed acts of prostitution, I
committed petty thefts," Dr. Kipnis recalled. But he said he was able to avoid a
life of crime because his sentences were short and because he received a small
grant for college.

Children who receive long jail sentences do not have such an opportunity to
rejoin society, he argues. "With 10 years in prison in your youth, you have no
education, no job skills, no social contacts," Dr. Kipnis said.

But Amitai Etzioni, a sociologist at George Washington University, contends that
some children have such a predisposition for violence that society may not be
able to run the risk of letting them go free.

"We have to accept there are some we are not going to be able to save," Mr.
Etzioni said. "I'd like to see a little society, a little community like Boys
Town, where they can live their lives as normally as possible."

Some experts worry about the legal system's growing emphasis on elaborate trials
and harsh punishments for serious juvenile crimes, often at the expense of
prosecuting less serious infractions. Children too easily learn that they can
get away with breaking many laws, only to face long prison terms when they go
too far.

Kay Hymowitz, the author of a new book, "Ready or Not: Why Treating Children as
Small Adults Endangers Their Future and Ours" (Free Press), contends that
Nathaniel's case, in which several years of police contacts did not result in
any judicial response, shows the system at its worst.

"We need to have children hearing adults say clearly and promptly, 'You can't do
this,' " she said, "and the system is too cumbersome for that. Instead, they get
the message that adults are indifferent, and that's the worst message you can
send."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos/Chart: "Adult Crime, Adult Time": As violent crimes committed by
youths under 18 soared in the late 1980's, 44 states adopted new laws that
enable more children to be tried as adults. That trend peaked in 1994, and
juvenile arrests have actually dropped, despite several heavily publicized
incidents. Each year in the past decade, between 5,000 and 6,000 children have
been sent to adult prisons. Here is a profile of which children are treated as
adults in the legal system, what kinds of crimes they committed and how
treatment varies by state.

Nathaniel Abraham, Michigan
AGE CRIME WAS COMMITTED: 11
AGE CONVICTED: 13
CRIME: The fatal shooting of an 18-year-old stranger who was outside a
convenience store in Pontiac, Mich., in October 1997.
SENTENCE: Could receive a sentence of up to life in prison.
STATE LAWS: Under a 1996 law, prosecutors may ask for permission to try any
youth as an adult.

Daphne Abdela, New York
AGE CRIME WAS COMMITTED: 15
AGE CONVICTED: 16
CRIME: Disemboweling a 44-year-old man in Manhattan's Central Park in May 1997
SENTENCE: 39 months to 10 years in prison.
STATE LAWS: Because she was 15 when crime was committed, she was protected from
the full adult sentence, possibly the death penalty.

Kip Kinkel, Oregon
AGE CRIME WAS COMMITTED: 15
AGE CONVICTED: 17
CRIME: Fatally shooting and killing his parents, as well as two students at
Thurston High School in Springfield, Ore., in May 1998.
SENTENCE: Life in prison without parole.
STATE LAWS: Because he was 15 when the crimes were committed, he was not
eligible for the death penalty.

Donna Ratliff, Indiana
AGE CRIME WAS COMMITTED: 14
AGE CONVICTED: 15
CRIME: Killing her mother and an older sister after setting her house on fire in
November 1996.
SENTENCE: 25 years in prison; transferred to a private treatment center for
young people in 1999.
STATE LAWS: Under new legislation, a child may be tried as an adult for a
greater range of crimes.

Crimes That Send Children to Adult Courts
A profile of the kinds of crimes committed by children who were treated as
adults in the legal system.

1987
TOTAL CASES: 6,800
AGAINST PEOPLE: Murder, sexual assault, robbery, aggravated assault
   28%
PROPERTY: Burglary, larceny-theft, auto theft, arson
   55%
DRUGS: Trafficking, possession
   8%
PUBLIC ORDER: Possession of weapons
   7%

1992
TOTAL CASES: 10,300
AGAINST PEOPLE: Murder, sexual assault, robbery, aggravated assault
   39%
PROPERTY: Burglary, larceny-theft, auto theft, arson
   41%
DRUGS: Trafficking, possession
   11%
PUBLIC ORDER: Possession of weapons
   8%

1996
TOTAL CASES: 10,000
AGAINST PEOPLE: Murder, sexual assault, robbery, aggravated assault
   43%
PROPERTY: Burglary, larceny-theft, auto theft, arson
   37%
DRUGS: Trafficking, possession
   14%
PUBLIC ORDER: Possession of weapons
   6%

 * Nearly 2 percent have received life sentences
Figures do not add to 100 because of rounding.

Map/Chart shows the minimum age at which children could be treated as adults
under the law in 1997. Nearly half the states have no specific minimum age.

Map/Chart shows state by state breakdown of the numbers of children under 18
years of age who were committed to adult prisons in 1996. Their average term in
adult prisons is nine years.

(Sources: U.S. Justice Department; Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency
Prevention)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                November 18, 1999 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

STRONG ECONOMY CITED IN STATE CRIME RATE DROP

BYLINE: RODNEY FOO, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 550 words


California's crime rate fell 15.3 percent during the first half of this year
compared with the same period in 1998, continuing a descent that began seven
years ago, according to a preliminary report issued Wednesday by the state
attorney general's office.

Numbers also declined for cities throughout the Bay Area, including San Jose,
San Francisco, Oakland and Fremont. The state report, which included numbers
from sheriff's departments in Santa Clara and Alameda counties, tracks crime
statistics for 76 jurisdictions with populations of 100,000 or more.

A strong economy, low unemployment, more community policing programs and
stricter sentencing laws were cited by Attorney General Bill Lockyer as key
reasons for the drop.

The state crime index shows that overall crime in San Jose was down 18.9 percent
with violent crime falling 2.2 percent and declines of 29.5 percent for property
crimes and 12.7 percent for larceny and theft.

Like Lockyer, San Jose Police Chief Bill Lansdowne credits the economy
forhelping to drive down crime.

But he cited an additional reason: local programs that clean up neighborhoods,
provide mentors in schools and reduce truancy.

"There is a strong correlation between truancy and burglary," said Lansdowne.

The lone exception to the city's crime decline were reports of arson, which rose
from 69 to 180. However, San Jose fire officials said the statistic is a
reporting anomaly. During the course of the reporting period, the fire
department changed its standard for arson reports. Fires that had been once
considered suspicious are now being filed as arsons, said fire Capt. Tom Scully.

"There is no large increase in arson," he said.

Statewide, homicides were down 6 percent; forcible rape declined by 3 percent;
robberies fell by 12.8 percent; aggravated assaults decreased 5.1 percent;
burglaries were down 21.9 percent; and vehicle theft fell by 16.5 percent.

The state report did not include crime rates for Santa Cruz County and the city
of Santa Clara because the agencies were unable to provide crime counts for the
entire six-month period, the attorney general's office said.

CHART: FALLING RATES
Overall, crime dropped 15.3 percent in large cities in California during the
first six months of 1999. The California Crime Index measures rates of homicide,

 forcible rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary and vehicle theft. The FBI

 index measures the same crimes, plus larceny and arson. The chart shows the
percent change in crime rates between the first six months of 1998 and the first

 six months of this year for selected jurisdictions in the Bay Area:
FBI Crime  California
Jurisdiction                               Index  Crime Index
Berkeley police                            -12.5 -19.5
Daly City police                            -9.6 -28.3
Fremont police                             -21.5 -25.2
Hayward police                             -15.3 -8.0
Oakland police                             -10.3 -5.8
Salinas police                             -12.6 -22.3
San Francisco police                        -5.5 -16.4
San Jose police                            -14.5 -18.9
Sunnyvale police                           -18.7 -33.8
Alameda sheriff                             -4.7 -10.4
Monterey sheriff                           -16.5 -20.9
Santa Clara sheriff                        -13.7 -17.4
Source: California Attorney General's Office

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart

                     Copyright 1999 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 12, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

Wet Blanket on D.C. Crime?

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02; CRIME AND JUSTICE

LENGTH: 249 words


Crime has taken something of a snow furlough in the area. Despite nine killings
in the District in the last week, a D.C. police official said crime in the city
so far this month was down 29 percent from the same period in 1995.

Deputy Chief Charles R. Bacon said that for Friday, Saturday and Sunday, during
which time the region was hit with about two feet of snow, the crime rate was
down 14 percent.

"Some of it had to do with the snow and people's inability to move around,"
Bacon acknowledged. "But I'd also like to think we're doing some positive things
to have an effect on crime."

Baltimore police reported similar drops. Police spokeswoman Regina Cooper said
violent crime so far this month has declined 23 percent, compared with the same
period in January 1995.

Maj. Cornelius Hairston, of the Baltimore police, said muggers, among other
criminals, have a tough time finding victims because fewer people are outdoors.

D.C. police meanwhile identified three men who were slain Wednesday.

Larry Wyder Jr., 22, of the 1800 block of Eighth Street NW, and Darrell Richardo
Rosebar, 21, of the 1500 block of Oates Street NE, were shot to death about 7:30
p.m. in a carry-out in the Shaw area of Northwest Washington.

A short time later police went to the 1100 block of Eaton Road SE to investigate
a reported shooting and found Christopher Lamont Wilson, 22, of the 1200 block
of Stevens Road SE, fatally shot in a car.

No one has been arrested in the killings.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 29, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

In a dark alley, most feared face is a teen's / Male youths' violent image not
unfounded

BYLINE: Sam Vincent Meddis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1138 words


Adults commit more of the crime, but teen-agers, increasingly armed and violent,
inspire more of the fear.

A USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll shows that juveniles lead the list of people seen as
would-be criminals: When asked what types of people were more likely to commit
crime, those polled gave their highest rating - 58% - to male teen-agers.

Those living in high-crime areas were even more likely to finger young men, with
71% saying male teens were most likely to commit a crime.

And respondents think people ought to be able to act on those fears: Seven in 10
say an inner-city jewelry store owner should have the right to prevent young men
from entering his store after
dark.   The fear is not entirely misplaced.

"In terms of the real world, they're right," says Marvin Wolfgang, author of the
youth-crime book, The Subculture of Violence.

An FBI report this month said the number of youngsters under 18 arrested for
homicide soared more than 128% since 1983. Arrests for violent crime overall
shot up by 57%.

Why? Teen-age arguments that once were settled with a schoolyard shoving match
now might end with gunfire. Battles over drug turfs by young dealers have grown
deadly.

And gang warfare continues to spread across the nation. Street gangs now can be
found in more than 800 cities and towns, compared with only about 172 in 1980,
says a January report by the International Association of Chiefs of Police.

"We have a core of repeat offenders that we really need to target," says the
IACP's Dan Rosenblatt.

The fact that juveniles are charged in only about one of every six violent
crimes nationally doesn't lessen the public's apprehension.

"Violent crime by juveniles is up, and the crimes tend to be more serious," says
Ira Schwartz, dean of the School of Social Work at the University of
Pennsylvania.

Only about 7% of young offenders are responsible for up to three-quarters of
violent crimes committed by juveniles, says Wolfgang.

Factors that lead more of today's teen-agers to crime include chronic
unemployment, violence in the media and the home, and a breakup of families,
researchers say.

This "generation of kids . . . grew up when the family hit rock bottom," says
Barry Krisberg of the National Council on Crime and Delinquency.

The public seems to take such hardships into account. While demanding a
no-nonsense legal system for juveniles, most of those polled still see hope that
at least first-time delinquents can be reformed.

When asked what measures should be used for first-time juvenile offenders who
commit a major crime excluding murder, only 12% of those polled chose prison.
Nearly 85% said military boot camps or job training were more appropriate.

"The public is searching for responses that are both tough and humane," says
Krisberg.

Support for alternatives to prison is a "ringing endorsement" for the anti-crime
proposals of Attorney General Janet Reno, says Schwartz. "The public understands
how bankrupt that (prison) system is."

Reno, Miami's ex-chief prosecutor, backs stronger prevention efforts, like more
drug treatment and social services for troubled families.

At a press conference Thursday, Reno put in a plug for boot camps for juvenile
offenders.

"A properly run boot camp that lets a kid know he's going to be punished when he
hurts other people, but at the same time provides an opportunity for community
service . . . . . . can make a difference," she said.

Crime among juveniles a growing problem
Respondents to a USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup poll named male juveniles as the group
most likely to commit a crime. Juveniles are defined s people under 18. Though a
majority think juvenile criminals should be treated the same as adult offenders,
few think they should receive harsh sentences for first offenses. The poll: Male
teens named as most likely to commit crimes Percent who say group named is "more
likely to commit crimes than others in society":
Male teenagers        58%

in general
Homeless people       40%
Blacks                37%
Hispanics             30%
Immigrants            29%
Male teenagers        25%

in your area
Asian-Americans       15%
The police            11%
Whites                 6%

What should happen to the parents of of juveniles convicted of major crimes?
Don't fine or jail    48%
Fine or jail          24%
Fine only             24%
No opinion             4%

Punishments people say should be handed out to first-time juvenile offenders for
crimes other than murder:
Disciplinary training in "boot camp"           66%
Job training as an alternative to prison       19%
Prison                                         12%

Those who say male teenagers more likely to commit crime than others
                      Area teens   Teens in general

By crime rate
Above average/average    51%              71%
Below average            23%              59%
None                     15%              51%

By race:
White                    23%              56%
Black                    35%              71%

By age:
18-29                    33%              60%
30-49                    26%              60%
50-64                    21%              53%
65+                      18%              55%

How people say juveniles who commit violent crimes should be treated:
Same as adults   73%
More leniently   19%

THE REALITY Race of juvenile arrested in 1992 Blacks 12% of population
                Black      White
Murder          1,625      1,162
Rape            2,462      2,801
Robbery        24,296     15,267
Assault        26,713     35,865
Burglary       27,229     92,044
Theft          97,319    291,308
Car theft      29,467     44,148
Arson           1,206      6,593

Increase in juvenile arrests since 1983
                1983        1992
Murder           1,175      2,680
Rape             3,914      4,882
Robbery         31,290     38,192
Assault         29,917     58,383
Burglary       138,591    111,385
Theft          320,614    362,066
Car theft       31,857     70,201
Arson            5,626      7,094

Juvenile arrests by sex, 1992
                 Male       Female
Total          1,496,866     446,272

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Stephen Conley, USA TODAY, Source: A USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
national telephone of 1,244 adults conducted October 13-18, 1993. Margin of
sampling error +/- 3 percentage points; FBI Uniform Crime Index.

CRIME; CRIME IN AMERICA; See related stories; 06A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 27, 1992, Monday

NATION IN BRIEF Operation Rescue regroups for more abortion protests

BYLINE: By Jonathan Ingram STAFF CORRESPONDENTprotests; abortion; organizations;
california; washingtion/dc; violence; crime; virginia

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 4

LENGTH: 536 words


NEW YORK: Operation Rescue founder Randall Terry worked to regroup Sunday after
a week of unsuccessful efforts to halt abortions at women's clinics in Buffalo.
Mr. Terry spoke during a day devoid of demonstrations, urging protesters to
continue their efforts, which have been thwarted by police and abortion rights
activists.

He addressed more than 500 people at the Evangel Assembly of God Church in
suburban Amherst on the sixth day of the group's Buffalo-area campaign. Across
the street, about 100 abortion rights activists chanted "Randall Terry, go
home!" and held signs such as "My Body, My Choice" and "Abort Operation Rescue."

There were about 350 arrests during the week, mostly of people trying to block
clinic gates or doors. Two people were arrested for disorderly conduct Sunday
when they rushed onto church property during Mr. Terry's speech, police said.

CALIFORNIA: Beating jury deliberates. Jurors in Simi Valley on Sunday continued
to deliberate assault charges against four white Los Angeles police officers
accused in the videotaped beating of a black motorist stopped for speeding. The
six-man, six-woman panel, which failed to reach a decision, was to resume
deliberations today. Police Sgt. Stacey Koon, 41, Timothy Wind, 31, and Officers
Theodore Briseno, 39, and Laurence Powell, 29, are charged with the March 3,
1991, beating of motorist Rodney King. The incident was videotaped by a
neighborhood resident, and its broadcast sparked national outrage.

VIRGINIA: United Way surviving uproar. Most United Way affiliates say they
haven't been seriously hurt by stories about the Concorde-and- limousine
lifestyle of William Aramony, former head of the charity's umbrella group.
Affiliates across the country are taking no chances, though. From Richmond, Va.,
to Anchorage, Alaska, they have been taking pains to distance themselves from
the national organization's headquarters in Alexandria, Va. And they're waiting
anxiously to see what will happen in their next fund-raising campaigns, most of
which won't be until fall. "We're concerned," said Mary Ruth Austin, spokeswoman
for United Way of Greater Tampa Bay Inc. "We've had some donor cancellations and
we've spent a good deal of time addressing some legitimate questions from donors
about what we're doing with the money we take in." Of more than 50 United Way
affiliates surveyed by The Associated Press last week, only a few reported a
significant decline in donations since Mr. Aramony r esigned under fire in
February.

WASHINGTON, D.C.: Violent crime up. Violent crime reports to police increased 5
percent last year while reported property crimes rose 2 percent, government
figures showed Sunday. Experts blamed drugs and the nation's economic troubles.
The total rose 3 percent, continuing a trend of increases dating from 1985,
according to preliminary figures from the FBI's Uniform Crime Reports. The 5
percent increase in violent crime - murder, forcible rape, robbery and
aggravated assault - is less than half the 10.6 percent hike from 1989 to 1990,
but it is in line with increases since the mid-1980s. The FBI's figures did not
include population estimates for 1991 and thus, the rate of crime per capita.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: William Aramony

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 20, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Hate groups increase -- as do their crimes

BYLINE: Mark Mayfield

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: MONTGOMERY, Ala.


A record 346 white supremacy groups are operating in the USA, up an alarming 27%
in the past year, the Southern Poverty Law Center says.

Also up for the fourth year in a row: hate crimes, from murders to cross-
burnings, which doubled to 101 last year.

''It's so alarming that we went back and double-checked the numbers,'' says
Danny Welch, director of the law center's Klanwatch project. ''What really
bothers us is that our numbers are just the tip of the iceberg.''

The Montgomery-based civil rights group monitored hate groups in 43 states in
compiling the nation's most complete annual hate group report.

It found north Georgia and Florida have the heaviest Ku Klux Klan activities,
while neo-Nazi and Skinhead groups are concentrated in the Northeast, southern
California, Chicago and Detroit.

It did not give a total number of hate crimes, saying they are under- reported.
But a ''sampling'' of 1991 crimes includes 19 arsons, 159 acts of vandalism, 90
assaults, 34 cases of harassment and three bombings.

Twenty-five bias-related murders occurred in 1991, the deadliest in the 11 years
Klanwatch has kept records, and up from 1990's 20 murders.

''In 1964, 18 people were killed in hate crime murders in America - all of them
in the South,'' says Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center. ''In 1991,
25 died, most of them outside the South.''

Officials said the growing diversity of the USA's population and the stagnant
economy make for a violent mix.

Hate groups

U.S. hate groups are on the rise, according to Southern Poverty Law Center:
Group           1990     1991
Ku Klux Klan      69       97
Neo-Nazi         160      203
Other             44       46
Total            273      346

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See info box at end of text

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

Report: Bay State more violent than N.Y., N.J.

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 940 words


By Sarah Tann

Boston University Statehouse Program

BOSTON -- Is Massachusetts the most violent state in the Northeast?

According to a report by the Massachusetts Health Council the state exceeds New
York and New Jersey in per capita violence. The November report by the
non-profit coalition of government, advocacy and business groups was picked up
by several state newspapers and news sites.

But, crime statistics experts say the report was more of an attention grabber
than an accurate depiction of the criminal landscape in the commonwealth.

"Ranking is always problematic," says Northeastern University criminologist
James Alan Fox. "States differ geographically, so it's hard to compare
Massachusetts to states like New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine, where a majority
of the state is rural. You have to ask, 'What are you comparing this to?'"

The health council looked at four categories of violent crime collected by the
FBI: Murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault, which the FBI defines as an
unlawful attack by one person upon another for the purpose of inflicting severe
or aggravated bodily injury.

It said about 30,000 violent crimes were committed in Massachusetts in 2009, or
457 violent crimes per 100,000 people. New York and Pennsylvania trailed the Bay
State, with 385 and 381 violent crimes respectively. Maine reported the least
amount of violent crimes at 120.

The report seemed validated by news reports of murder and mayhem in the Bay
State, including the shooting deaths of three people in a Boston pizza shop and
September's shooting in Boston's Mattapan neighborhood that left four people
dead and left naked in the street, including a 2-year-old child.

But are all violent crimes equal? Although it led the states in aggravated
assault, Massachusetts trailed behind several of the Northeast states in the
three other categories.

Statistics from the FBI indicate that Massachusetts had 20,836 aggravated
assaults, or 316 per 100,000 people, the highest figure of all Northeastern
states. New York had the next highest figure with 224 while Maine had the least,
with 59.

"Aggravated assault doesn't even have to result in injury. It's a very nebulous
category," Fox said.

With 172 homicides, or 2.6 per 100,000 people, Massachusetts was sixth out of
the nine Northeast states in murder rates - only Vermont and New Hampshire had
lower numbers. Pennsylvania led the category with 5.2 murders per capita,
followed by New York with 4 and New Jersey with 3.7.

The commonwealth also saw 25.8 forcible rapes per capita and 112.6 robberies per
capita -- less than the national average. New Hampshire had the highest number
of forcible rapes in 2009 with 30.2 per capita. New Jersey had the lowest with
12.

Fox also points to the fact that among the nine northeastern states in the
report, Massachusetts has the second highest percentage of population living in
an urbanized area, after New Jersey. Fox says that any attempt to compare
Massachusetts to another state without taking this into account would offer an
inaccurate analysis of the Bay State.

"The reason we rank No. 1 in violent crimes is because we rank No. 1 in the
least severe of those crimes," Fox said.

On their website, the FBI also cautions against using their statistics to
compile a ranking system between states, providing a caveat about rankings to
viewers of their website.

"These rough rankings provide no insight into the numerous variables that mold
crime in a particular town, city, county, state, or region," the site warns.
"Consequently, they lead to simplistic and/or incomplete analysis that often
create misleading perceptions adversely affecting communities and their
residents."

Susan Servais, executive director of the Massachusetts Health Council, says the
numbers speak for themselves.

"The truth of the matter is we selected four crimes that are very violent and
when you look at the numbers per capita, we certainly have the most violent
crimes in the Northeast," Servais said. "We're not trying to be philosophers.
We're just looking at data."

Servais says the report was aimed at state lawmakers in hopes of convincing them
to restore funding for violence prevention coalitions involving police, churches
and schools working with at-risk individuals.

Servais ties the high ranking in violent crimes to cutbacks in funding for these
coalitions.

The report also recommends tougher gun laws and better street lighting as
preventative crime measures.

"Prevention absolutely works," said Servais. "If you work with at-risk kids and
help them navigate through their life, it will decrease violence."

But James Byrne, a criminal justice professor at UMass-Lowell, disagrees with
Servais's argument for more prevention programs.

"To link the reduction in specific prevention programs to the amount of crime in
Massachusetts is a stretch," said Byrne.

In fact, Byrne notes, overall violent crime rates have decreased in recent years
in Massachusetts. According to the state Office of Public Safety and Security,
violent crime peaked in the mid 1990s with the highest volume of violent crimes
reported at 40,239. The commonwealth's 2009 violent crime rate of 30,136 was
down 25 percent from the all-time high.

Byrne says that if one were to follow the logic connecting reduced violence to
funded prevention programs, it could be argued that since Massachusetts' crime
rate has been dropping, funding can be reduced and allocated elsewhere.

Byrne describes the report as "much to do about nothing."

"It's your classic approach to gain public attention to get more resources," he
said. "I'm not surprised that it got the media to highlight an issue that is a
false issue."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 21, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Gun Traffickers Exploit Weak Laws

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 238 words



To the Editor:

Howard Mannella, in his April 14 letter (" 'Right to Carry' Gun Laws Help Deter
Crime") missed the point of Representative Charles E. Schumer's study.

Criminals do not buy guns from states with weak gun laws and then bring them to
other states because it will be easier to commit crimes there. In most cases the
guns come from the other states to the criminals.

The guns are purchased in states with weak gun laws by gun traffickers, who sell
them to criminals in states like New York. These same buyers often sell guns to
other criminals in their own states.

States with weak gun laws not only export more guns, but they also have higher
crime and homicide rates than New York.

Atlanta, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and Baton Rouge, La., are the top crime
cities in the United States. New York City is 144th. It is simply too easy for
anyone to get guns in these states.

On the same day Mr. Manella's letter appeared, you also reported on the speech
by Daniel Gross, the brother of a victim in the shooting at the Empire State
Building, who said that gun violence is a public health problem and could be
prevented if Congress had the will to regulate the source of the illness --
guns. Members of Congress should all have the courage of Representative Carolyn
McCarthy and Mr. Schumer to stand up to the gun lobby and attack the problem of
guns.

BARBARA HOHLT
Brooklyn, April 14, 1997

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 6, 1996, Monday, Late Edition - Final

MAJOR CRIMES FELL IN '95, EARLY DATA BY F.B.I. INDICATE

BYLINE: By FOX BUTTERFIELD

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 6;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1249 words


Serious crimes dropped across the nation in 1995 for the fourth consecutive
year, led by an 8 percent decrease in homicides, according to preliminary
figures released yesterday by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

President Clinton was quick to issue a statement taking some credit for the
decline. "Because of our tough and smart decisions to put more cops on the
street and get kids, guns and drugs off the street, we are now beginning to
reverse the trend in violent crime," Mr. Clinton said.

But some experts cautioned that the reasons for the drop are unclear and that it
is still too early to conclude whether the country has finally broken out of a
pattern of consistently high crime rates since an explosion of violence in the
late 1960's.

Among the possible explanations for the recent decline are more aggressive
police tactics, an increase in the number of criminals in prison and a
stabilization of turf battles between drug dealers that began with the epidemic
of crack cocaine.

The experts also warned that the new figures, while heartening, mask a continued
rapid rise in violent crime among young people that could soon lead to an
increase in crime rates because the number of teen-agers in the population is
expected to grow 20 percent in the next decade.

"I think we can now say a trend has been established," said James Q. Wilson, a
leading criminologist and professor of management at the University of
California at Los Angeles. "But I'm not sure we know why, and I don't think this
pattern will last," Mr. Wilson added, because of the coming growth in the number
of teen-agers.

In fact, Alfred Blumstein, a criminologist at Carnegie Mellon University, noted
that the report included an ominous hint of the projected increase in crime that
may accompany the rising teen-age population. Of the eight crimes measured by
the F.B.I., only one, larceny, showed an increase in 1995, up 1 percent. Larceny
includes minor thefts like shoplifting and bicycle stealing, which are typical
first crimes committed by teen-agers.

"This is the first visible sign of the anticipated new wave of crime by the
future generation of kids," Professor Blumstein said.

The report showed that crime was down in all regions of the country, with the
largest declines in the Northeast, which had a 4 percent overall decrease and a
15 percent drop in homicides.

Among cities, those with a population of more than a million showed the largest
decline in overall crime, averaging 6 percent. Overall crime in New York City
dropped by 14.5 percent, according to the F.B.I. figures, and the city had one
of the largest declines in homicides, to 1,170 in 1995 from 1,561 in 1994. In
Los Angeles, overall crime fell by 4 percent, in Detroit by 2 percent and in
Dallas also by 2 percent, according to the figures.

In the past, some experts expressed skepticism that police figures sometimes
undercounted crimes, but in recent years the specialists say there have been
serious efforts by the F.B.I. to make the data as accurate as possible.

Franklin Zimring, director of the Earl Warren Legal Institute at the University
of California at Berkeley, said the most significant statistic in the report was
the 8 percent decrease nationwide in the number of homicides last year, the
third year in a row murders have fallen.

Murder figures are important because homicide is by far the best measured crime,
given the difficulty of hiding bodies, Professor Zimring pointed out, and also
because homicide is the crime that most alarms the public.

"The good news is that this decline in murders for three years is a trend,"
Professor Zimring said. But he added that homicides have followed a cyclical
pattern for the last 20 years, and that every time the rate drops for a few
years, it then rises again.

In fact, after a long period of decline, the national homicide rate doubled from
1965 to 1974, to about 10 per 100,000. It then dropped in the mid-1970's only to
rise again to a peak of 10 per 100,000 in 1980. The early 1980's was another
period of decline before the crack cocaine epidemic helped trigger another
increase in the late 1980's. The F.B.I. said last year that the murder rate in
1994 was about 9 per 100,000.

A question many criminologists are asking is whether the current decline will
prove as ephemeral as that in the early 1980's.

"When push comes to shove, nobody has an ability to explain the increases any
better than the decreases," Professor Zimring said. "Criminologists are like
weathermen without a satellite. We can only tell you about yesterday's crime
rates."

The new report is based on crimes reported to the police and forms part of the
F.B.I.'s Uniform Crime Reporting Program. It measures eight serious crimes,
including the violent crimes of murder, rape, robbery and assault, along with
the property crimes of burglary, larceny, motor vehicle theft and arson.

Over all, these serious crimes decreased 2 percent nationwide in 1995 compared
with 1994, the F.B.I. found. Besides the 8 percent drop in homicides, robberies
were down 7 percent, rapes declined 6 percent, and assaults dropped 3 percent.
Among property crimes, in addition to the 1 percent increase in larcenies,
automobile theft was down 6 percent, and burglary and arson fell 5 percent.

The number of homicides declined in other cities besides New York. Murders in
Houston dropped to 316 in 1995 from 375 in 1994, while in Detroit they fell to
475 in 1995 from 541 the previous year.

In these two cities as well as New York, the police have carried out active new
strategies. But overall crime also declined in Los Angeles, where the police
have been making fewer arrests, Professor Wilson said, perhaps as a result of
demoralization after widely publicized cases including the beating of the
motorist Rodney G. King and the O. J. Simpson murder trial.

If crime is down in Los Angeles, as well as in New York, with such different
police programs, Professor Wilson said, "something broad is happening."

James Alan Fox, the dean of the college of criminal justice at Northeastern
University, said the figures for 1995 "are certainly encouraging, but no reason
for celebration."

The reason, Professor Fox said, is that the statistics obscure the fact that
"there are two different crime trends in America, one for the young and one for
adults, and they are moving in opposite directions." From 1990 to 1994, he said,
the homicide rate among adults above 25 years of age declined 18 percent but the
rate of killing by 14- to 17-year-olds rose 22 percent.

One reason for the decline among adults may be that more adult criminals have
been incarcerated as the number of prisoners has tripled in the last two
decades, Professor Fox said. But there is no evidence that the threat of prison
deters young people, he added.

Lawrence M. Friedman, a professor of law at Stanford University and an authority
on the history of crime in America, said that "the historical records suggest
that fluctuations in crime rates are largely independent of changes in the
criminal justice system" and may have as much to do with large social, economic
and cultural trends.

He noted that although some people credit the tripling of the prison population
with the recent decrease in crime, the United States had much lower crime rates
in the 1940's and 1950's when many fewer people were sent to jail.

"The honest answer," Professor Friedman said, "is that no one knows why crime
rates go up and down."


LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "SNAPSHOT: A Decline in Crime" shows percentage change in
various crimes from 1994 to 1995, according to preliminary figures from the
F.B.I. (pg. B8)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 1, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

As Cities Reach Record Numbers of Killings, Youths Play Grim Role

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Page 7; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 703 words


Behind the grim tallies of the record numbers of homicides in cities around the
country lies an even more disturbing trend: Young people killing and being
killed account for a disproportionate number of the deaths. And experts say the
trend is likely to get worse.

In Baltimore, the 13-to-24 age group accounted for more than half the homicide
arrests and nearly 40 percent of the victims.

In Cleveland, half the 173 homicides this year were committed by those younger
than 25. Five years ago, that age group accounted for less than a third of the
killings.

"We're getting kids 12, 13 years old involved in murders and that was very rare
until a few years ago," said Richard Martin, a Cleveland homicide detective.

In San Jose, Calif., the number of juveniles arrested for serious crimes rose by
39 percent over the last five years. It went up just 5 percent for adults.

The numbers are in sharp contrast to figures released this fall. The Federal
Bureau of Investigation's Uniformed Crime Statistics indicated violent crime
dropped 5 percent in the first half of 1993 over the same period in 1992.

Record Number of Homicides

Cities from Baltimore to Oakland, Calif., will close the year with record
numbers of homicides. And even in communities where the murder count has
dropped, killings involving young people are rising.

From 1986 to 1991, the homicide rate among those 14 to 24 rose by 62 percent. It
jumped 124 percent among those 14 to 17.

So while the 465 homicides recorded this year in the District of Columbia
represented an increase of only 3 percent over last year, and was down from the
record 489 in 1991, slayings by people 17 and younger increased 17 percent.

Homicides in Richmond dropped from a record 120 last year to 110 this year. But
the average age of suspects was 20, as against 24 last year.

In St. Louis this week, officials announced the city's 270th murder; the
previous high was 266 in 1970. Scott Decker, chairman of the criminal justice
department at the University of Missouri at St. Louis, said the numbers were
even more troubling when compared with 1970. At that time the population of St.
Louis was 62 percent higher than now.

"The pattern of homicide has changed," he said. "The decreasing age of both
offenders and victims is the most profound change in homicide rates since World
War II."

Worse still is what these shifting patterns portend. The increase in violence
among the young comes as the size of the group has actually shrunk. But a new
population surge is expected. By 2005, the 15-to-19-age group is projected to
increase by 23 percent.

"All of the indicators in the demographics are supporting the contention that
homicide is only going to increase," Mr. Decker said.

Behind the Killings

Officials point to many reasons behind the steady increase of youth killings.

"It's a little of everything," said Kevin Robinson, a police spokesman in
Phoenix, which saw a record 176 homicides, up from last year's record of 158.
"It's population, gangs and easy accessibility of weapons."

In Omaha, officials hope a new law prohibiting gun ownership by those under 22
will slow the killing, which climbed to 34 this year from 25 in 1992. But Mayor
P. J. Morgan worries about the deadly inclination among the young.

"I think we're seeing so much of it random and so much of it is momentary
violence," Mayor Morgan said. "There's still a feeling that the right way to
settle an argument is with a gun."

Mr. Decker talks of a "contagion" of violence among teen-agers that begins with
a fight and ends with murder. "It spreads like a disease would," he said. "It
escalates from settling a score to making a preemptive strike. Someone gets shot
and it takes off from there."

A. C. Wharton, the chief Tennessee public defender, has noted something as the
homicides in Memphis grew to a record 212 this year. Mr. Wharton sees the same
people returning over and over again to face new charges, each more serious than
the previous.

"If he came in the first time for simple assault, for a fight in a crap game,
the next time it's aggravated assault or a drive-by shooting," he said. "And
even more tragic, he's got his little brother with him."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 23, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Letter: On Fighting Crime ;
Federal Efforts Are Winning the War

SECTION: Section 1; Page 22, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 456 words


To the Editor:


In a Feb. 8 editorial you suggest that the decline in the crime index is the
result of demographics - specifically, the aging of the baby boom. But
demographics alone cannot explain the rise and fall of crime. From 1972 to 1980,
for example, the ''high crime'' population - those aged 14 to 24 - declined, but
crime soared by 40 percent.

No single factor can explain the drop in crime, but certainly the massive
Federal law enforcement effort of the last four years has played a major role,
an effort that has included a doubling of the total resource commitment.

For the first time, the nation's principal crime-fighting agency, the F.B.I.,
has been brought into the battle against the nation's No. 1 crime problem - drug
trafficking. We have also established 13 innovative organized crime drug
enforcement task forces, which now blanket the country. Those task forces have
already indicted over 4,000 traffickers, one-third of whom are in the ''top
leader'' category of drug-trafficking personnel.  We have revitalized the
Marshal's Service, which has developed entirely new operations aimed at
apprehending fugitives - the seven FIST programs. Under these programs, 7,300
fugitives have been apprehended. We have seriously damaged syndicates across the
country.  In New York, for example, we have indicted the entire leadership of
the Colombo Family, and that is a replay of a success seen in Los Angeles and
Cleveland and all across the country. With our new Joint Italian-American
Working Group on Organized Crime and Drug Trafficking and with our newly
negotiated array of extradition and mutual legal assistance treaties, we have
now begun to follow and capture organized crime leaders regardless of the
international boundaries they cross.  Our efforts will not slacken. We have just
completed the most comprehensive reform of the Federal criminal law ever
undertaken. And our victories in the Supreme Court, which among other things
have narrowed the scope of the exclusionary rule, will also pay dividends for
decades to come. And we will continue to keep cooperation with state and local
authorities high on our list of priorities. We will continue to encourage
community programs such as ''neighborhood watch'' and private- sector
initiatives like ''McGruff.''

Demographics simply is not an adequate explanation for the drop in the crime
rate for two consecutive years. The President's war on crime, backed up by
increased resources, a profound change in Federal criminal law and solid
victories in the Supreme Court, is too critical to ultimate success for you to
damn it with faint, indeed, nonexistent praise.

 WILLIAM FRENCH SMITH Attorney General Washington, Feb. 19, 1985

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sunday Mercury

                           September 7, 2003, Sunday

TOUGH POLICY WORKS STATESIDE CITY INITIATIVE... Raising the profile of zero
tolerance of Castle Vale three years ago

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 338 words


ZERO tolerance is nothing new.

It has been used in America for well over a decade and was also famously
introduced in Middlesbrough in the UK during the 1990s.

Its critics argue the tough policy takes up valuable police resources and is too
time intensive.

But supporters say the only way to deal with crime is with a tough approach to
even minor offences.

One place where the system has been introduced -leading to a huge fall in crime
-is in Birmingham, Alabama.

US crime rates overall have PLUMMETED to their lowest on record with rapes,
robberies and assaults falling by just over 50 per cent.

Annetta Nunn, the new chief of police in Birmingham, Alabama, believes the
success is down to the introduction of zero tolerance and fighting drug crime.

'If you crack drug crime all crime will fall,' she said recently.

'We practise zero tolerance but we call it 100 per cent enforcement. If you see
a violation of any sort, however trivial, you take action and enforce the law.

'We brought down crime because wemade a lot of arrests and locked up a lot of
people.'

Ms Nunn says the police also have the backing of the courts.

'If an offender is tried at federal level they are not allowed parole or
probation,' she added.

'And they serve their sentence outside the area so their families have to travel
to see them. We find this acts as a strong deterrent.

'The whole community must be involved in fighting crime. People must not only
report crime and make sure their property is safe.'

West Midlands Police has said it will not adopt any US-style policies to fight
crime in the region. Yet ironically its new Chief Constable Paul Scott-Lee
introduced zero tolerance techniques when he was in charge of his previous
force, Suffolk Constabulary.

These included making constables responsible for looking after 'patches.' It was
this concept of cops 'owning' specific neighbourhoods which has been cited as
one of the main reasons for the success of zero tolerance in New York.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sunday Mercury

                           September 7, 2003, Sunday

ZERO TOLERANCE WORKING IN BIRMINGHAM, ALABAMA CITY INITIATIVE... raising profile
of zero tolerance of Castle Vale three years ago

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 338 words


ZERO tolerance is nothing new. It has been used in America for well over a
decade and was also famously introduced in Middlesbrough in the UK during the
1990s.

Its critics argue the tough policy takes up valuable police resources and is too
time intensive.

But supporters say the only way to deal with crime is with a tough approach to
even minor offences.

One place where the system has been introduced -leading to a huge fall in crime
-is in Birmingham, Alabama.

US crime rates overall have PLUMMETED to their lowest on record with rapes,
robberies and assaults falling by just over 50 per cent.

Annetta Nunn, the new chief of police in Birmingham, Alabama, believes the
success is down to the introduction of zero tolerance and fighting drug crime.

'If you crack drug crime all crime will fall,' she said recently.

'We practise zero tolerance but we call it 100 per cent enforcement. If you see
a violation of any sort, however trivial, you take action and enforce the law.

'We brought down crime because we made a lot of arrests and locked up a lot of
people.'

Ms Nunn says the police also have the backing of the courts.

'If an offender is tried at federal level they are not allowed parole or
probation,' she added.

'And they serve their sentence outside the area so their families have to travel
to see them. We find this acts as a strong deterrent.

'The whole community must be involved in fighting crime. People must not only
report crime and make sure their property is safe.'

West Midlands Police has said it will not adopt any US-style policies to fight
crime in the region.

Yet ironically its new Chief Constable Paul Scott-Lee introduced zero tolerance
techniques when he was in charge of his previous force, Suffolk Constabulary.
These included making constables responsible for looking after 'patches.' It was
this concept of cops 'owning' specific neighbourhoods which has been cited as
one of the main reasons for the success of zero tolerance in New York.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday

A quiet Aug. slows city homicide surge

BYLINE: Barbara Boyer, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 618 words


Murder in Philadelphia took a rest in August.

While several high-profile homicides kept the city's mayhem in the news, the
rate quietly dropped, and officials hope that what could be a blip signals a
trend instead.

In early August, the homicide rate was 10 percent higher than the year before -
which ended with 380 slayings, the most since 1997. In recent weeks, a
significant decline has left the rate just 2 percent above a year ago.

It was an odd shift, given what appears to be a national rise in violent crime
in large and small cities alike, including Washington; Miami; Boston; Detroit;
Cincinnati; Orlando, Fla.; Kansas City, Mo.; Las Vegas; and Sacramento and
Oakland, Calif.

In most of those cities, like Philadelphia, violent-crime rates are reaching
highs not seen in five or 10 years, said Chuck Wexler, executive director of the
Police Executive Research Forum in Washington.

"In many communities across the country, East Coast to West Coast, we are seeing
a spike in three major crimes: aggravated assault, robbery and homicide," said
Wexler, who last month participated in a National Violent Crime Summit that
included representatives of 50 cities experiencing more crime, including
Philadelphia.

He said reasons differed for each locale: Boston has a gang problem,
methamphetamines have spiked in Las Vegas, and Washington, where the mayor
declared a state of emergency in July, has been dealing with a rise in juvenile
crime.

But common factors include increased gun violence and a high number of released
felons, Wexler and others said. In the 1990s, Wexler said, a record number of
felons were imprisoned, and they are returning to the streets "not better
educated or fully prepared to fit into society."

In Philadelphia, the number of shooting victims remained 13 percent higher
through Aug. 30: 1,330, compared with 1,172 a year earlier. The homicide rate
has dipped and climbed this year, peaking with 49 homicides in a particularly
violent July.

In August, 27 people were slain, including several high-profile homicides at
month's end: the gunning down of an Army veteran in a robbery, the shooting of a
couple who tried to help a rape victim, and the mutilation of a South
Philadelphia man.

Through Tuesday, 266 people had been slain in Philadelphia this year, compared
with 261 a year earlier.

"I knew we were turning around," said C.B. Kimmins, an antiviolence advocate who
patrols the city with a bullhorn declaring it is time to stop the violence. "I
knew something was right about Philadelphia in the past month."

Police Commissioner Sylvester M. Johnson cited a combination of reasons that
success may be coming now.

"Hopefully we're seeing the initiatives we have are starting to stabilize
things," said Johnson, who attended the national summit.

Several weeks ago, he launched a Strategic Intervention Tactical Enforcement
Unit to work high-crime areas at nights and weekends. He reassigned more police
to work nights and redeployed more of the force to uniform and back to the
street. He also pointed to a closer relationship among police, community groups
and religious organizations.

However, Johnson said he did not rule out the possibility that August was an
aberration. A month ago, he said it was unfair to blame Philadelphia police for
the rise in homicides, noting other cities were experiencing the same problem,
and has consistently said the rate would drop by year's end.

Still, Johnson said, it is far too early to declare success.

"The police are doing everything we possibly can do, and we'll continue to do
everything we can," he said.

Contact staff writer Barbara Boyer at 215-854-2641 or bboyer@phillynews.com.
Inquirer staff writer Alletta Emeno contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 17, 2002, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Analysts say economy is fueling crime hike

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 525 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Major crimes increased slightly in the first half of 2002, with
modest spikes in murder, burglary and car theft, according to preliminary
statistics released Monday by the FBI.

The new numbers represent the second consecutive year in which crime has risen.
Analysts say the trend is being driven primarily by a faltering economy.


The FBI report is widely viewed as an important indicator of national crime
trends. For police, the new numbers are serving as an early warning in some
communities where crime had been declining sharply for most of the past decade.

Overall violent crime declined 1.7% during the first six months of this year.
But that decline was offset by a 2.3% increase in murder and a nearly 2% rise in
rape. All categories of property crimes also registered increases, leading to an
overall crime increase of 1.3%. Last year, crime increased 2.1%.

"We're constantly making adjustments in how we approach problems," said Joe
Samuels, police chief in Richmond, Calif., and president of the International
Association of Chiefs of Police. "I'm sure we'll re-examine our local strategies
and how we deploy our officers."

Samuel Walker, a professor of criminal justice at the University of Nebraska,
said the preliminary FBI numbers are "no reason to overreact."

"It was completely unreasonable to expect crime to continue a steep decline," he
said. "Things have turned worse in all economic classes."

Samuels said statistics gathered by his own department might best reflect how
the slumping economy has affected most categories of property-related crimes.

During the first six months of this year in Richmond, there were 43 more
robberies, 169 more thefts and 309 more cars stolen compared with the same time
period in 2001.

"Numbers are only part of the equation," Samuels said. "We have to look at how
our officers are relating to the public and (make certain) that we maintain our
visibility in the community."

Other cities -- including Cincinnati, Cleveland and Phoenix -- were struggling
with similar troubles, according to statistics in the report.

In Phoenix, police Detective Tony Morales said identity thefts are "pretty much
out of hand," a development that is to blame for a surge in reported thefts,
from 27,622 during the first six months of 2001 to 29,225 this year.

After years of slight decline, drug use and trafficking are re-emerging as big
problems, Morales said.

The city budget is suffering along with the national economy, prompting
officials to put a freeze on the hiring of additional police officers.

"We were just getting to the point of filling our open positions," Morales said.
"We'll have to find other ways to solve our problems."



Slight rise in crime

Crime rose 1.3% the first six months of 2002, compared with the same period a
year ago. Percentage change, by offense:

Offense

Burglary 4.2%

Motor vehicle theft 4.2%

Murder 2.3%

Rape 1.8%

Larceny-theft 0.5%

Robbery -0.4%

Arson -2.6%

Aggravated assault -2.8%

Source: Uniform Crime Report, FBI

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 28, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Study: Higher lockup rates don't lower crime rates

BYLINE: Toni Locy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 385 words


States that locked up the highest percentage of their residents
during the 1990s saw crime rates drop less than those of states
that took a more modest approach to incarceration, according to
a study by a non-profit group that examines criminal justice issues.

The 50-state study, to be released today, found that the 20 states
with the highest increases in incarceration averaged a 13% reduction
in crime from 1991 through 1998, while the 30 states with low
rates saw crime drop by 17%.

The Sentencing Project, a non-profit group that encourages alternatives
to incarceration, says its findings debunk the popular belief
that imprisoning more and more people single-handedly has led
to historic drops in crime.


Rising incarceration rates deserve some credit but not all of
it, says Jenni Gainsborough, one of the study's authors.

The group says that during the eight-year period it examined,
the nation's incarceration rate increased 47%, bringing the cost
of building and operating today's prisons to nearly $ 40 billion
a year. At the same time, the national crime rate dropped 22%.
Last year, the number of people behind bars in the USA topped
2 million.

Over the eight years, Texas led the nation with a 144% jump in
its incarceration rate, the study says. Simultaneously, the state
saw crime drop 35%.

But several other states that detained people less frequently
did just as well or better in reducing crime, the study says.
New York, with a 24% increase in its incarceration rate, had a
43% drop in crime. California's incarceration rate went up 52%;
crime there dropped 36%.

Morgan Reynolds, director of the conservative National Center
for Policy Analysis' Criminal Justice Center in Dallas, disputes
the Sentencing Project's conclusions. He says increased incarceration
rates have been a huge factor in reducing crime across the USA.

"You can make numbers dance," he says of the study. "If (Gainsborough's
co-author Marc Mauer) came to Texas and told people here, 'This
tripling of the prison population didn't do you any good,' he'd
be laughed out of the state."

Besides the strong economy, criminologists credit community policing
and changes in youth population and drug distribution patterns
for the recent drop in crime.



LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 5, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Alcohol, drug arrests are on the increase at colleges

BYLINE: Mary Beth Marklein

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 476 words


Alcohol arrests at the nation's colleges rose 24.3% in 1998, the
largest increase in seven years, according to a survey of campus
crime data by The Chronicle of Higher Education. Drug violations
increased 11.1%.

The survey, of 481 four-year institutions with more than 5,000
students, is based on crime reports that colleges are required
by federal law to disclose each year. Findings were released Sunday
and appear in the publication's June 9 edition.


The survey found that alcohol arrests on all campuses totaled
23,261, compared with 18,708 in 1997, while drug arrests totaled
8,844, compared with 7,964 in 1997.

Some health researchers say the increased alcohol arrests reflect
their findings of increased use, the Chronicle reported,
while campus police credit the increases to tougher enforcement
of liquor laws.

Some experts attribute the increase to reporting guidelines passed
by Congress in fall 1998, which require colleges to include crimes
that take place just off campus, the Chronicle says. Though
the changes go into effect with 1999 reports, many schools included
those crimes in 1998 reports, the Chronicle says.

Other findings:

* Forcible sex offenses increased 11.3%, and non-forcible
sex offenses increased 27.2%.

* The University of California at Berkeley reported some
of the highest numbers of arrests in three categories: drugs (No.
1 with 280); alcohol (No. 5 with 382) and weapons (No. 2 at 34).

* Weapon-law violations increased 0.5% in 1998, to 972,
with Michigan State University in East Lansing reporting the most,
49.

* Twenty killings were reported by 17 campuses, up from
18 murders the year before. Two killings each were reported at
Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis; Morgan State
University in Baltimore; and the University of Maryland at Baltimore.

* Arrests dropped for some crimes, including burglaries
(down 5.6%), motor vehicle theft (down 2.6%) and robberies (down
2.9%).

* Aggravated assaults increased 2.8%.

Statistics from the 481 institutions can be found on the Chronicle's
Web site: www.chronicle.com/stats/crime.

But the Chronicle cites campus safety experts who caution
that "low numbers do not mean a campus is safe, and high numbers
do not mean one is unsafe, because so many factors can make the
reporting of statistics inconsistent."

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Campuses reporting the most alcohol arrests in 1998

Number of arrests

University of Wisconsin at Madison792
(Enrollment: 39,699)
University of Minnesota at East Lansing655
(Enrollment: 42,603)
University of Minnesota at Twin Cities606
(Enrollment: 45,410)
Western Michigan, Kalamazoo405
(Enrollment: 26,132)
University of California at Berkeley382
(Enrollment: 30,290)

LOAD-DATE: June 05, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Web Bryant, USA TODAY, Source: Chronicle of Higher
Education (BAR GRAPH)

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      December 18, 1995 Monday 1ST EDITION

First-half murders down, FBI reports Cities in Colorado buck U.S. trend

BYLINE: Denver Post Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-02

LENGTH: 411 words


WASHINGTON - Murders reported to police plunged by 12 percent during the first
half of this year, the largest drop in at least 35 years, the FBI reported
yesterday.

The drop in murders was the most dramatic change in the FBI's preliminary
figures for crimes reported to police during the first six months of this year,
compared with the same period of 1994.

Experts attributed the decline to a combination of the aging of baby boomers,
police efforts aimed at drug gangs and their guns, and the development of stable
turf agreements between drug traffickers.

There was a 1 percent decrease in overall reported crimes and a 5 percent drop
in violent crimes alone. Those two declines were similar to the reductions in
those categories during all of 1994.

Property crime remained unchanged.

The FBI counts the violent crimes of murder, rape, aggravated assault and
robbery and the property crimes of burglary, larceny-theft and auto theft
reported to police around the nation. Justice Department studies show more than
half of all crimes, even violent ones, are not reported to the police. Murder,
however, is thought to be the most fully reported crime.

Like last year, the biggest declines came in the largest cities - those with
more than 1 million residents - where overall crime declined 6 percent in the
first half of this year. Suburban areas showed no change overall, and rural
areas recorded a 3 percent increase in overall crime.

Colorado cities bucked the national trend. Murders in Denver were up from 32 in
the first half of 1994 to 42 so far this year. Colorado Springs reported an
increase from four to eight, and Aurora's murder totals rose from 10 to 12 in
the same period.

Murders were down 17 percent in cities of a million or more.

The decline in murders was larger than any drop going back to 1960, the earliest
date for which the FBI has readily available statistics.

"The nine largest cities account for more than 25 percent of the nation's
murders," said Alfred Blumstein, a professor at Carnegie-Mellon University in
Pittsburgh. "What happens there can swamp whatever happens elsewhere."

Other figures from the report:

Rape dropped 7 percent; robbery, 10 percent and aggravated assault, 2 percent.
Burglary declined 4 percent; auto theft, 5 percent. Larceny-theft showed the
only increase, 3 percent.

Overall crime dropped 2 percent in the Northeast and South, 1 percent in the
Midwest. It rose 2 percent in the West.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               August 5, 1995, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

U.S. car thefts down, but recovery rates also in decline

BYLINE: By Don Finefrock Special to The Star (Knight-Ridder)

SECTION: WHEELS; Pg. F16

LENGTH: 425 words


   First, the good news. Car theft in the United States declined last year for
the third year in a row.

So says the National Insurance Crime Bureau, a three-year-old organization that
tracks auto theft and fraud for the insurance industry.

People whose cars are stolen won't want to celebrate, though.

The bureau's study of car theft nationwide, released last week, also found that
fewer stolen cars are recovered today than 25 years ago.

IN WORSE SHAPE

Those that are found are in worse shape, too. That's because car theft is more
of a business today than it was in 1970, the bureau said.

"More and more, these stolen cars are shipped, stripped, burned or buried," said
bureau president John Di Liberto. "The intricacy of the some of the schemes is
truly amazing."

Hundreds of thousands of stolen cars are sent overseas each year, the bureau
said. Others are stripped by chop shops and sold piecemeal. In still other
cases, the cars are hidden by owners looking to collect insurance.

The chances that a stolen car will be recovered have declined as a result.

Twenty-five years ago, when car thieves were more likely to steal cars to drive
them, 84 per cent of stolen cars were recovered, the bureau said.

Last year, the recovery rate was 62 per cent.

The bureau looked at about 130,000 stolen cars recovered last year as part of
its study - about 14 per cent of all stolen cars recovered nationwide.

Roughly one third of those cars had been stripped, another third were vandalized
or had missing parts and 16 per cent had been wrecked.

Only 18 per cent were found with no apparent damage, the bureau said.

"Very few come back in good condition," said bureau spokesman Jon Hoch.

Twenty-five years ago, 75 per cent of the stolen cars that were recovered were
in good enough shape to be returned to their owners, the bureau said.

FLORIDA HOT SPOT

Insurance companies reported 442,000 stolen cars to the bureau last year. That's
1.3 per cent fewer thefts than in 1993. Since 1991, the number of thefts
reported to the bureau has declined by 7.1 per cent, Hoch said.

FBI statistics reflect a similar trend, Hoch said. About 1.5 million cars were
stolen nationwide last year, or 2 per cent fewer than in 1993, he said.

Current numbers weren't available for South Florida, but 1993 statistics
indicate that Miami and Fort Lauderdale rank among the worst cities in the
nation for car theft.

Miami had the third highest theft rate among cities, behind Newark, N.J., and
Fresno, Calif, the bureau said.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 3, 1994, Tuesday

Clinton gets tough as murder rate rises

BYLINE: PATRICK COCKBURN in Washington

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS PAGE; Page 14

LENGTH: 642 words


WHILE Bill Clinton was flexing his muscles on the ''law and order'' issue,
murders in the United States rose by 3 per cent last year to 24,500, according
to the latest FBI figures.

Particularly on the increase are killings in medium-sized cities such as
Baltimore, New Orleans and Memphis. Other types of violent crime fell but the
homicide rate largely determines the level of public anxiety because of
extensive television coverage.

The most dangerous murder city is Gary, Indiana, where 105 people were killed
last year. On a per capita basis this put Gary ahead of Washington DC, the
nation's leader in 1989-91, which had 494 homicides in 1993.

The overall crime rate continues to decline as it has done since 1981. Violent
crimes were down by 1 per cent and crimes against property, which make up 87 per
cent of the total, fell by 3 per cent. But it is mass killings by deranged
gunmen - such as the Long Island Railroad massacre - which does most to frighten
Joe Public.

These latest FBI figures come at a time when the White House is attempting to
take the ''law and order'' issue away from the Republicans by trying to pressure
Congress into voting this week for a ban on 19 types of assault weapon currently
on sale.

The number of people killed by gunshot wounds is going up because of the
increased availability of semi-automatic weapons. On Saturday, President Clinton
wrote an open letter to hunters asking for their help in outlawing firearms
''designed for the battlefield''.

The administration says it is still 15 votes short of what it needs to pass a
bill in the House of Representatives that would ban assault guns and detachable
magazines with more than 10 rounds.

Since Richard Nixon, the Republicans have benefited from their image as the
party tough on ''law and order'' issues. Over the last year President Clinton -
by calling for harsh prison sentences and more police - has persuaded 41 per
cent of voters that Democrats handle crime problems best against 37 per cent who
prefer the Republicans, according to a USA Today/Gallup/ CNN poll. Some 44 per
cent of Americans think crime is the most important issue facing the country.

Americans are 15 times more likely to be killed by gunfire than Europeans, but
the people most at risk are young black males. In practice, white suburbs are
largely safe. In New Orleans where 1,500 people have been murdered in the past
five years, only 38 were white.

The same is true of Washington. In the US as a whole, 11,175 blacks and 10,647
whites were murdered in 1992 although blacks are only 12 per cent of the
population.

The increase in the number of killings since the mid-Eighties is attributable to
two developments: the spread of cheap crack cocaine, which expanded the drug
market, and the shift towards more lethal weapons that inflict fatal wounds.

There were more turf wars to control the crack trade, and disputes between
retailers and wholesalers are invariably settled with guns.

The background to the increase in the murder rate has been the decline in social
conditions in black ghettoes. However Mr Clinton has focused on stealing
Republican political clothing by supporting tougher punishment such as the
''Three Strikes and You're Out'' law which would mandate life sentences for
anybody convicted for three felonies. The US already has 1.4 million people in
jail, which is more than China.

During the presidential election campaign, Mr Clinton promised to expand the
availability of drug treatment to anybody who needs it. His director of drug
policy, Lee Brown, now says that this will not happen over the next five years.

Mr Clinton has thrown his weight behind gun control but with 211 million
firearms available - more than enough to arm every adult - even a rigorous ban
on sales will be slow to have an impact.


LOAD-DATE: May 03, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Independent Print Ltd


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 2, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Question: Why are jails so overcrowded in the United States?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 265 words


Lenny Flack, 21
Engineering technician
Pittsburgh, Pa.

I don't think there are too many people going to jail. If they've committed some
sort of crime, that's where they belong. Maybe there should be some other form
of punishment for things like tax evasion. But for things like selling drugs to
kids, they should be put away.

Patricia Helwig, 33
Secretary
Bartlett, Ill.

People are in jail because they saw no other way. Crimes like robbery and drug
dealing are so profitable that crime may be the only way a 13-year-old sees to
make a lot of money. The only way out would be to provide more jobs and more
places to go other than the street.

Beth W. Taylor, 40
Communications mgr.
Savannah, Ga.

There has to be a better way. Many people use the prison system to get three
square meals a day, color TV and air conditioning. Something's wrong with that.
That's not punishing people. There's a serious problem, but I'm not sure
building more prisons is the way to solve it.

Ernest Newborn Sr., 65
Clergyman
Indianapolis, Ind.

The primary reason jails are overcrowded is simply due to the increased rate of
crimes committed and convictions. There also appears to be a tendency to give
longer sentences to people convicted of crimes.

John C. Kelley, 44
Computer specialist
Scottsdale, Ariz.

For prisoners who have committed non-violent crimes, there should be more
options, like education or compensating the victim. If you don't weed them out,
you will keep building more jails. Violent criminals, such as murderers, should
be kept in jail long term.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate; Voices

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; VOICES FROM ACROSS THE USA; Attorney General William Barr
has renewed the administration's support for stiffer penalties and more prisons,
while others, like Pennsylvania Corrections Commissioner Joseph Lehman, say
relying on prisons so much doesn't work. USA TODAY asked readers if the country
depends too much on jailing offenders to solve the crime problem.

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 20, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Some Caterpillar strikers back today

BYLINE: Sandra Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 661 words


Striking union workers return to Caterpillar plants in Illinois today after five
months off. Workers are being called back individually and most won't return
until May. Those starting today should prepare for changes, including
strikebreakers being given better shifts than senior union members. ''It's not
going to be 'Happy Valley' in those plants,'' says University of Illinois labor
professor Ronald Peters. Says Caterpillar's Keith Butterfield: ''Our employees
are good employees. I'm sure they will get right back on track.''

NOT ZOO-BOUND: Ivan the gorilla won't be leaving his home of 25 years in a
Tacoma, Wash., shopping center for Seattle's Woodland Park Zoo after all. Zoo
officials had requested the 28-year-old ape to replace Kiki, who died in
September. Animal rights groups have pressured B&I Shopping Center owner Ron
Irwin to relocate Ivan. ''Residents grew up seeing a gorilla as a trivial
diversion tucked away in the bleak corner of a department store,'' said Mitchell
Fox of the Progressive Animal Welfare Society. Ivan hasn't been around other
gorillas since he was a baby. Irwin confirmed that he had turned down Woodland
Park's offer, and said it was unlikely he would accept similar offers from the
Dallas and Atlanta zoos. He declined to give his reasons for rejecting the
Seattle zoo.

DISABILITY BENEFITS: The Bush administration will reconsider thousands of cases
in which benefits were denied to New York residents who claimed they couldn't
work due to mental or physical disabilities. The proposed settlement involves a
lawsuit covering 200,000 New York residents, The New York Times reports.
Claimants could receive up to $ 6,000 annually for four years. In 1981 the
Reagan administration was widely criticized for curtailing benefits to thousands
when it purged Social Security disability rolls. Courts complained they
repeatedly were forced to reissue rulings in identical benefits cases because of
governmental refusal to follow court precedents.

CHICAGO GAMBLING: Nevada casino owners are lobbying Illinois lawmakers for a $ 2
billion gambling complex in Chicago. This is despite a 1991 agreement by owners
not to open out-of-state ventures. Owners next month will present their requests
to Nevada's control board. Currently there are no rules prohibiting casino
companies from trying to push through legislation allowing out-of-state
gambling. But state regulators fear, if approved, this would deter inner-state
gambling. Last month regulators were warned by Nevada's attorney general not to
try to amend rules.

SLAYING ARREST: Police have arrested a second suspect in the slayings of several
women in East Orange, N.J. One slaying remains under investigation. Curtis Lee
Stone Jr., 28, was charged Friday in the death of a woman, 27, whose strangled
body was found in August in an abandoned apartment building. Convicted rapist
Jerome Dennis, 25, has been charged in the deaths of four other women. Officials
still are seeking clues in the death of Denise Gaskins, 30, whose body also was
found in the building April 8.

ALSO SUNDAY ...

- TEXAS STORMS: A tornado in Trinity, Texas, damaged homes and the town high
school, but nobody was hurt. Hail fell on much of east Texas.

More are victims of crime
More than 35 million people were victims of some kind of personal cr5ime,
household crime or vehicle theft last year, says the Bureau of Justice
Statistics. The report is based on a survey of 95,000 people in 48,000
households. Included: 22 million crimes that weren't reported to police.

Number of victims
                       1990          1991
All crimes       34,403,580    35,054,040
Personal crime   18,984,100    19,414,500
Violent crimes    6,008,790     6,427,480
Household crime  15,419,480    15,640,490
Vehicle theft     1,967,540     1,947,850

Contributing: Robert Davis and Paul Leavitt.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; b/w, USA TODAY, Source: National Crime Victimization Survey;
Bureau of Justice Statistics (Bar graph); PHOTO; b/w, AP; PHOTO; b/w, Neal
Lauron, Reuters

CUTLINE: IVAN: Will remain at shopping center CUTLINE: ARRESTS: Security
officials carry an anti-nuclear protester from the Nevada Test Site in Mercury.
Hundreds were arrested on misdemeanor charges for demonstrating against weapons
testing. Many suffered minor injuries when about 100 activists rushed a cattle
guard.

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION; See info box at end of text.

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 11, 1988, Monday, City Edition

Facts shed light on Tampa's crime rate

BYLINE: MARY JO MELONE

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 670 words



Here is some of what happened in Tampa and its suburbs in the last    two weeks.


     A man was charged with stabbing his 5-year-old stepson to death.

 Somebody shot and killed a truck driver. A gang held up former state
attorney E. J. Salcines, his wife and another couple and later raped a
vacationing Texas woman in front of her family. A woman was found shot    to
death in her home in Ruskin. A man was stabbed to death in Town 'N    Country. A
convenience store clerk was stabbed five times but survived.

 A woman reported being raped in Egypt Lake. A Tampa police officer shot    and
wounded a suspected car thief.

     These are the crimes big enough to merit newspaper attention. If    this
were New York City, most of them would get no more space than a    want ad, if
they got in the paper at all.

     People in New York have surrendered to crime. They don't even    report it
anymore, and the New York City police are too overwhelmed to    care. That is
what you hear. That is why New Yorkers flock to Tampa.

     And that may be one reason this city's crime rate is higher than    New
York City's. When compared to population figures, FBI crime    statistics
released recently showed that Tampa had the second-highest    crime rate among
the nation's biggest cities last year. Only Fort Worth    was worse.

     As you bolt the door, here are the numbers: 17,264 crimes for every
100,000 people in Tampa. That is nearly twice the crime rate reported      in
New York City last year.

     The Detroit Free Press has already taken a closer look at the    numbers
and suggested why Tampa has this unhappy distinction.

     The FBI studies the crime rate for eight offenses. Tampa did not    rank
high for murder, rape, auto theft and arson. But Tampa was near    the top for
the other four crimes studied.

     Among big cities, the Free Press reported, Tampa ranks high for    crimes
typically committed to get money for drugs. Tampa placed second    for its rate
of aggravated assault and burglary, fourth for robbery and    fifth for larceny.


     The statistics aren't exact. No two cities are alike. Some are more
crowded than others. Some are growing faster than others. Some are in    deep
economic decline. Some suburbs are so highly developed that their    crime rates
are just as high as crime rates in cities.

     And, as in the New York example, not every crime is reported to the
police in every city, and record keeping varies from place to place.

     So don't count the numbers as fixed figures. Consider them trends.

 The FBI figures "are the best available," says Scott Cunningham, a    Tampa
police detective and researcher. "If they are only 20 percent    accurate,
they're the best we have to go on, and they're what we have    to look at."

     So, look at this:        The numbers suggest that Tampa's crime rate is
slightly higher than    Miami's and nearly twice that of St. Petersburg. But
that's when you    consider the cities only. Add in its suburbs, and all of what
is    usually called Miami-Dade County has the highest crime rate among
Florida's counties.

     Duval County, which includes Jacksonville, is second. Hillsborough    ranks
third, boosted by those big numbers in Tampa.

     But also consider this: You could be living in Medley.

     Hardly anybody - just 515 people - calls it home. But 20,000 people    work
in this tiny, industrial Dade County town. That may explain why    Medley
reported 324 crimes last year, including two murders and two    rapes.

     The statistics mean nearly one crime for every two Medley    residents.
That's far worse than Tampa. That's the worst crime rate for    any city in the
state.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 24, 1984, Wednesday, Final Edition

Asian Mafia Seen Spreading;
Experts Say Far-East Crime Cartels Are Operating in America

BYLINE: By Margot Hornblower, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 693 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, Oct. 23, 1984


A loose-knit Asian Mafia with criminal operations in Hong Kong, Taiwan and more
than a dozen North American cities is responsible for a fifth of the heroin
imported into the United States as well as for extensive gambling, extortion and
protection rackets on the East and West coasts, according to the President's
Commission on Organized Crime.

Testifying today at the commission's first hearings since it was given subpoena
and immunity-granting powers by Congress, Attorney General William French Smith
said the "Japanese Mafia," known as the Yakuza, and Chinese Triad Societies are
part of "new crime cartels emerging in the Far East and spreading to the West."

"We must stay in front of the emerging crime groups so they do not become so
entrenched that they become all but impossible to root out, as indeed happened
in earlier years with the Mafia," he said.

U.S. Appeals Court Judge Irving Kaufman, who heads the commission charged with
investigating and publicizing organized crime, said the Asian groups are
"sophisticated organized criminal groups," which have "formed ties to La Cosa
Nostra and control international narcotics networks trafficking in heroin from
Asia's Golden Triangle." They also have extensive money-laundering operations,
he said.

"Many of these operations are highly structured and disciplined and have been
operating virtually unnoticed by the American public," Kaufman said.

James D. Harmon Jr., the commission's executive director, said the three-day
hearings also will examine violent Vietnamese gangs operating in southern
California, Houston, New Orleans and Arlington, Va.

FBI organized crime section chief Sean McWeeney was quoted earlier this year as
saying that the FBI was deciding whether to target Asian organized crime as one
of its nationwide enforcement priorities.

Sgt. Barry Hill, head of a Toronto police unit that deals exclusively with
Chinese organized crime, said that Chinese Triads, 300-year-old secret societies
that operate extensively in Hong Kong and Taiwan, are well-entrenched in
Toronto, with at least 300 members.

He said a Toronto leader accompanied Chinese gang leaders from San Francisco and
Los Angeles in January 1983 to a meeting in Hong Kong with the leader of a Hong
Kong triad. The reputed head of Boston's Chinese triad was to accompany the
group, but did not for an unspecified reason, he said.

The four North Americans have been subpoenaed. Two were jailed for refusing to
testify, although one later relented. One has fled and one is negotiating with
the committee, according to Harmon.

Testimony from law enforcement officials from Chicago, San Francisco, Oakland,
Calif., and New York described violent gangs operating in those cities'
Chinatowns, but they had few details about alleged connections between the
Asia-based Triads, which include non-criminal elements and the U.S. Tongs,
Chinese social organizations that include legitimate businessmen.

John Feehan, a federal drug enforcement administration agent here, testified
that two major gangs -- the Ghost Shadows and the Flying Dragons -- have this
year extended their Chinatown operations from extortion and loan sharking to
heroin and cocaine trafficking. He said, however, no connection between the
gangs and Hong Kong Triads has been established.

According to a map displayed by the commission, Tongs that include criminal
elements are active in Toronto, Boston, New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles,
Atlanta, Dallas, Chicago, Kansas City, Omaha, Minneapolis, Detroit, Cleveland,
Pittsburgh, Columbus, Ohio, Charlotte, N.C., Jacksonville, New Orleans, Miami,
Houston, San Antonio, Providence, R.I., Hartford, Conn., Albany, N.Y.,
Baltimore, Richmond and Norfolk.

In the District of Columbia, according to the map, the On Leong and Hip Sing
Tongs are active.

Law enforcement officials and two hooded witnesses who testified from behind
screens said gangs from different cities cooperate by doing contract murders for
each other and hiding each other's criminals from police.

The 19-member commission is due to report its findings in March 1986 and make
legislative and policy recommendations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Witness, wearing a hood, arrives to testify at organized-crime
hearing. AP

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 25, 2008 Tuesday

Suspect in year-old crime is arrested

BYLINE: Bill Billeter, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 417 words


Mar. 25--A suspect wanted by Beckley Police for a crime more than one year old
has been arrested in Columbus, Ohio, thanks to an anonymous tip provided to
Crime Stoppers, said Capt. Jeff Shumate.

Two individuals allegedly broke into a home on Earwood Street in Beckley on Feb.
24, 2007, tied up two adult occupants of the home, robbed them and shot one
victim in the leg.

Shumate described the incident as a "very violent crime," the kind of crime that
is rare in Beckley.

In the ensuing investigation, authorities determined that a total of three
suspects had participated in the crime.

After several weeks, authorities tracked down and arrested two of the suspects,
but a third remained at large for more than a year. Shumate said his officers
had been actively looking for the suspect and had received tips placing the man
in New Orleans, Washington, D.C., and Maryland.

But a recent Crime Stoppers tip placed the man in Columbus where U.S. Marshals
located and arrested William Anthony Givens, 37, on Friday. Givens has been
charged with conspiracy to commit a felony, nighttime burglary, malicious
wounding, first-degree robbing and kidnapping.

Givens, who is from the Columbus area, will be extradited to Beckley, Shumate
said.

Shumate praised the Crime Stoppers tip line for contributing to the arrest and
for providing critical information required to solve other cases. Individuals
who provide information to Crime Stoppers that leads to the arrest of a fugitive
are eligible for a cash reward.

"It (Crime Stoppers) really gives people an incentive to report crime, and the
ability to remain anonymous," Shumate said. "It's a really effective tool in
investigations. It has allowed us to arrest people, and find people, that would
not have been possible without Crimestoppers."

Shumate said the caller who provided the information that led to Givens' arrest
would be likely to receive an reward.

Also charged in the incident were Brandy Musick of Beckley and Virgil Harry
McClendon of Columbus. Musick has since reached a plea agreement.

-- E-mail:

bbilleter@register-herald.com

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080325-WZ-Suspect-in-year-old-crime-is-arrested-0325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                                 Copyright 2008


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 22, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

G.O.P. SEES CRIME AS A MAJOR ISSUE

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE,    Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 9;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 546 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 21


It was the winter meeting of the Republican National Committee, but it more
resembled a convention of prison builders today as party leaders put a new
emphasis on an old assertion: that Republicans are tougher than Democrats
against crime.

The session began with a breakfast speech by Representative Newt Gingrich of
Georgia, the House Republican whip, who attacked President Clinton as weak on
crime and called on the Government to erect stockades on surplus military bases
to keep violent criminals locked up.

"We should build as many stockades as necessary, and as quickly as though this
were wartime and people were dying, because they are," Mr. Gingrich asserted.

The session closed with even more caustic oratory from Senator Phil Gramm of
Texas, who called Mr. Clinton "a phony on the crime issue."

'Enough Is Enough'

"I want a crime bill that grabs violent criminals by the throat," Mr. Gramm
said. Dismissing the notion that crime can be solved by addressing the root
societal problems, he added: "I am for rehabilitation. But there reaches a point
where you've got to say, 'Enough is enough.' "

The Republicans also criticized Mr. Clinton's health care plan, calling it
socialist, and said the President was not serious about changing the welfare
system. But the emphasis today was on crime, underscoring a belief among party
leaders that it could become the pivotal issue in next fall's election for
House, Senate and governors' seats.

Mr. Clinton is expected to highlight the crime issue in his State of the Union
Message next Tuesday. He has endorsed major elements of a crime bill before the
Senate that was strengthened after Congressional, state and local elections last
year, when the potency of the crime issue became apparent.

As Exhibit No. 1, the Republicans today pointed to George F. Allen, the new
Governor of Virginia, who attributed his victory over the state's Attorney
General to his hitting hard on crime, including calls for no parole for violent
criminals.

A More Moderate View

The only Republican who expressed a more moderate view on crime was Christine
Todd Whitman, the new Governor of New Jersey, who reiterated her support for the
new Federal law requiring a five-day waiting period for handgun purchases and
said the emphasis should be on prevention.

"We have got to start changing people's way of life," Mrs. Whitman said as she
stood next to Mr. Allen at a news conference. "We've got to start identifying
problems earlier. We've got to start working with families and children
earlier."

Her comments were a notable contrast to those of Mr. Gramm, who singled out
Attorney General Janet Reno as being too soft on crime.

"Janet Reno is a very sweet lady," the Texas Senator said. "I like her and I
think it's very important that we have people who are more concerned about day
care than concerned about violent crime. I think there should be some people who
have those priorities. But I do not believe they should be Attorney General of
the United States."

Mr. Gramm told reporters afterward that he did not believe his remarks were
condescending. "I wish more people would call me sweet," he said, adding that
Ms. Reno would be better suited to head the Department of Health and Human
Services.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Haley Barbour, right, the Republican national chairman, and
George F. Allen, the new Governor of Virigina, as they arrived for the meeting
of the Republican National Committee yesterday in Washington. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 28, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Threat of Crime Rises On the Main Highways

BYLINE: By EDWIN McDOWELL

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1356 words


Describing Alex M. Vega as "the coldest, most selfish, most brutal, callous
person that I've ever been involved in prosecuting," a judge in Binghamton,
N.Y., sentenced him earlier this month to a minimum of 44 years in prison.

On July 18, 1991, Mr. Vega stopped his truck along Interstate 88 on the pretext
of helping a woman whose car had run out of gas. Instead of helping her, he
raped and robbed the woman, 48-year-old Dianne L. Hoppert, and then killed her
by shoving her from an overpass.

While the number of crimes like this still does not nearly approach the amount
of violence in urban America, and the odds remain small that the average
motorist will fall victim to a criminal, highway crimes are occurring more and
more often, shattering the sense of security motorists have come to expect.

Statistics are hard to come by, but incidents like the one on I-88 are far from
isolated. Highway patrol officers, criminologists, district attorneys and other
experts say more and more criminals are discovering that highways provide an
abundant source of potential victims and an easy avenue of escape for crimes
from car theft and armed robbery to rape and murder.

Days of Drawbridges

"We seem to be reverting to the days of the highwayman, when everybody got into
the castle at night and pulled up the drawbridge, leaving the main roads between
communities the most dangerous places," said Richard W. Kobetz, a security
consultant in Berryville, Va., who has a doctorate in criminology.

Throughout the country, crime is rife at rest stops, even heavily patronized
ones, where burglars prey on cars and trucks while the travelers are in the
restaurants. It is even more prevalent at the many spare rest areas that consist
of little more than a parking lot, rest rooms and telephones. "People take a nap
and sometimes awake with a gun in their face," said Darrel Stephens, director of
the Police Research Forum, a nonprofit research organization in Washington.

There were so many crimes last year at the Aliso Creek rest area on Interstate
5, between Oceanside and San Clemente in California, that the Highway Patrol
assigned officers to patrol on foot. "I've been with the patrol 25 years," said
Ted Prola, an officer in Oceanside, "and I never remember us using foot patrols
before."

Public Fears in Virginia

In Virginia, the rising number of crimes at some rest areas raised a public
outcry, and the legislature asked the state police and the state Department of
Transportation to recommend ways to protect the public. The agencies found 133
crimes in the 15 months before May 1990. They recommended clearing shrubs from
rest-room windows and training custodians to be alert to signs of criminal
behavior.

Law-enforcement officials say many of the less-serious crimes go unreported
because victims, especially if they were not injured, are often anxious to get
back on the highway.

Katherine Hutt, a spokeswoman for the Washington-based Advocates for Highway and
Auto Safety, acknowledged that there were no hard statistics to prove it but
said, "The entire highway-safety community is aware that crime on the nation's
highways is a growing problem."

Louis R. Mizell Jr., a security consultant in Bethesda, Md., who collects
information and statistics on criminals and terrorists, said his company had
recorded more than 20,000 serious crimes on the nation's highways in the last 12
months -- a number he describes as "only the tip of the iceberg."

Shocking Chronicle

"I think the average motorist would be shocked to see this chronicle of bizarre
and brutal highway crimes," said Mr. Mizell, who teaches a course on terrorism
at the American University in Washington and whose data base is the envy of some
law-enforcement agencies.

There are as many explanations for the rise in highway crime as there are
experts. Some cite the proliferation of handguns; others cite the rise in
"carjacking," or stealing cars at gunpoint, a crime whose recent popularity led
to a new law providing 15-year Federal sentences for offenders.

"Criminals are much more mobile and a lot more cavalier," said Paul E.
Zellerbach, supervising deputy district attorney for Riverside County, Calif.

This mobility has made many small communities near the interstates vulnerable to
more crime, and it makes criminals harder to catch.

More Than Small-Town Crime

"Because we're a ranching community," said Sheriff Jim Wilson of Ozona, Tex., an
isolated town off Interstate 10, which runs from Los Angeles to Jacksonville,
Fla., "our officers tend to think in terms of small town problems -- family
disturbances, alcohol-related problems and the like. But I remind them that
because of this Interstate we have every sort of criminal you have in Los
Angeles and Miami."

The proliferation of law-enforcement agencies adds to the difficulty for
investigators and prosecutors. "With the fragmentation of law enforcement into
something like 40,000 jurisdictions, it's hard to recognize a pattern in a
particular jurisdiction," said Dr. Emanuel Tanay, a Detroit forensic
psychiatrist.

Law-enforcement officials in some jurisdictions have only recently begun to
compile statistics on highway crimes. "We're just now bringing a computer
program on line that will be able to do a detailed analysis," said Sgt. Chuck
Coffin, of the investigations division of the Indiana State Police. "A year from
now I can probably give you that information in minute detail." But the data
will cover Indiana only.

Among the most prevalent highway crimes, Mr. Mizell says, are those committed by
people impersonating police officers. At least 25,000 men, women and children a
year are victims of such crimes, he says. Anybody can send away for red or blue
flashing lights, which are advertised in law-enforcement magazines; some lights
are portable and can be attached to the dashboard cigarette lighter for power.

Impersonating Police Officers

Just a few weeks ago, a 32-year-old New Jersey woman who was driving alone along
a busy stretch of the New Jersey Turnpike near Edison was pulled over by an
unmarked car with flashing blue lights. A man got out of the car, produced a
badge, then sexually assaulted her at gunpoint in her car and fled in his own
car. He was not caught.

"We just had an outbreak of an individual or individuals stopping single women
on lonely stretches of Illinois highway, using flashing lights to pull them
over, then abducting and raping them," said Steve Caruso, a spokesman for the
Northwestern University Traffic Institute in Evanston, Ill.

Dozens of rapes and robberies are committed on interstates by "good Samaritans"
who offer to fix a flat tire or stalled engine -- in several cases after
sabotaging the vehicles in the first place while they were in rest stops. And
thousands of crimes are committed by and against highway hitchhikers.

Deborah Denno, a criminologist and associate professor at Fordham Law School,
said the growing incidence of highway crimes had overtones more ominous than
those associated with many crime statistics.

"Usually crimes are committed against people in the same neighborhood, even if
only a block or so away," she said. "The overwhelming number of murders, for
example, are committed by people who know one another.  But this pattern
suggests that crime and violence by and toward strangers is on the increase."

Some of the most heinous criminals of recent years, serial killers, have looked
for their victims on the highways and stalked them there.

Mr. Mizell of Bethesda said that of 126 serial murderers on which he has
extensive information, at least 85 are known to have spent vast amounts of time
cruising interstates in search of victims. "And at least 30 highway-cruising
serial murderers are still at large," he said.

One of them is not. Randy Kraft -- who in 1989 was sentenced to die for 16
murders in Southern California and who was suspected of 21 others in California,
Oregon and Michigan -- would pick up hitchhikers, ply them with drugs and
alcohol, sexually torture and mutilate them, and then strangle them.



LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Crime on the nation's highways is a growing problem, with 20,000
serious crimes estimated in the last 12 months. A truck driver pulled into a
rest stop on Turner Turnpike between Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Okla. The passing
of traffic, at right, was recorded by the camera as a blur of light. (Michael
Wykel for The New York Times)

Chart: "When Trobule Arises on the Road"

Here are five suggestions from law-enforcement agencies, endorsed by the
American Automobile Association, for avoiding highway crimes.

1. Whether driving or stopped, look around and try to keep a big picture of your
surroundings.

2. If stopping to use a pay phone or gas station, try to park in a well-lighted
place where the attendant or another driver can see you.

3. If your car is bumped from behind and you do not feel safe about stopping and
getting out, motion to the other driver and drive to the nearest police station,
24-hour store or service station, hospital or fire station.

4. Keep your car locked, with the windows rolled up, to keep thieves from
reaching in and taking your purse, wallet or keys.

5. But your life is more valuable than your money or your car: if approached by
someone with a weapon, comply with demands to turn over your wallet, purse or
keys.



                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 5, 1984, Monday, Late City Final Edition

NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL;
OF CRIME, EQUAL RIGHTS AND A MENTAL HOSPITAL

BYLINE: By DUDLEY CLENDINEN

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 766 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Nov. 4


When Raymond L. S. Patriarca, the reputed boss of the New England crime
syndicate, died on July 11, the speculation about who would succeed him was
intense. The Federal Bureau of Investigation appeared to provide an answer
recently, but its conclusions are now in dispute.

In an affidavit filed in Federal District Court here, James Ring, an F.B.I.
agent, swore that the successor was Mr. Patriarca's son. ''An election was
held,'' Mr. Ring said he had been told by numerous informants, ''and Raymond J.
Patriarca was elected to replace his father as boss of the Patriarca family of
La Cosa Nostra.''

But experts on organized crime in Rhode Island, where Mr. Patriarca lived, are
questioning the credibility of that statement.

''I don't know that to be true,'' said Col. Walter E. Stone, superintendent of
the state police, who was a longtime antagonist of the late Mr. Patriarca. ''If
they've got that type of information, it's something we haven't got.''

''I don't think it's done that way,'' said Chief Vincent Vespia Jr. of the South
Kingston police, who tracked the elder Mr. Patriarca for years as head of the
organized crime squad of the state police. ''I don't think it's a ballot-type
situation.''

It is distinctly possible, Mr. Vespia said, that the New York mob families that
would have to approve the selection of a new leader in New England would take
Connecticut and western Massachusetts for themselves.

And one police expert in Rhode Island who did agree with the F.B.I. still gave
little credit to the younger Mr. Patriarca. ''I think he'll do the bidding of
New York and he'll never step out of line,'' said Chief Anthony J. Mancuso of
the Providence police.



As the Presidential campaigns battle to a finish, a smaller but intense fight of
ideas and resources is drawing to a close in Maine, the only place where a
statewide equal rights amendment is on the ballot.

In Maine, which first ratified a similar amendment to the United States
Constitution 11 years ago, both President Reagan and the amendment could win.
The proposal to bar sex discrimination passed both houses of the Legislature
last year, by votes of 125 to 5 in the House and 22 to 0 in the Senate.

But an infusion of money, speakers, and newspaper advertisements from
conservative religious and political groups outside the state has sapped some of
the margin of voter approval the amendment once enjoyed here, and its supporters
have attacked the advertisements as foul.

Gerard P. Conley, President of the State Senate, who was a sponsor of the
statewide amendment, said, ''Some polls taken show that at least 70 percent of
the people in Maine have approved the passage of the amendment.''

But Marilyn Kirby, an organizer for the amendment, said the margin had narrowed,
and she predicted a tight vote Tuesday.

The change is attributed to the effort made by such national groups as Moral
Majority, the National Conservative Political Action Committee, Phyllis
Schlafly's Eagle Forum and a number of antiabortion groups.

The opponents have asserted that the amendment to the State Constitution would
lead to legalized homosexual marriages and state-financed abortions. One
advertisement, bought by Maine Stop E.R.A. and previously used in Florida and
Iowa, showed two men hugging at a Gay Pride March in Manhattan.

''All we are doing is bringing the issue before the public,'' said Patricia
O'Truman, chairman of Maine Stop E.R.A.

But the amendment's suporters, including Gov. Joseph E. Brennan, have branded
such arguments as scare tactics. In a formal opinion requested by the Governor,
the State Attorney General, James E. Tierney, held: ''There's no connection with
state funding for abortions, and legalized marriages for homosexuals.''



In New Hampshire, where the state mental facility, the New Hampshire Hospital,
has been criticized by the medical community as a failure for more than a
decade, state officials are deep in plans to close it and establish a new
community-based network of care whose smaller center would be in private hands.

The private partners would be the Dartmouth Medical School and Concord Hospital.
''Obviously, this would benefit both Dartmouth Medical School and Concord
Hospital,'' said David Rogers, chairman of the hospital's board of trustees.

Thomas Rath, lawyer for the medical school, said the cost per patient might be
higher if the new partnership went into effect as planned in two years. ''The
distinction would be in the quality of care,'' he said. ''The state is unable to
attract the high-quality staff we can.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 22, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
Crime Said to Drop In Jersey's Cities

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Feb. 21


Preliminary figures show that crime in New Jersey's largest cities decreased for
the first nine months of 1982, the state police said today.

Lieut. Joseph Kobus, a state police spokesman, said the preliminary figures
compiled for the Uniform Crime Report showed that major crimes -including
murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault - were down 13 percent in Newark, 9
percent in Jersey City, 7 percent in Trenton, 5 percent in Camden and Paterson
and 4 percent in Elizabeth.

He said that no other nine-month figures were available, but that figures
released several months ago showed a drop from January to June in major crimes
in the three main classifications of communities.

From January through June 1982, compared with the same period in 1981, he said,
major crimes were down 10 percent in urban areas, from 131,900 to 118,506; down
13 percent in suburban areas, from 74,654 to 64,885, and down 5 percent in rural
areas, from 15,607 to 14,829.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 11, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Other Business;
NOW, INSURANCE AGAINST MUGGERS

BYLINE: By Jacqueline R. Wilson

SECTION: Section 3; Page 23, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 566 words


The idea originated in the reports showing soaring statistics in nearly every
form of violent crime. ''There used to be a time where you could just leave your
doors open, now we realize that that is impossible,'' said Robert Romanik, a
vice president of the American Banker's ((Are we sure an apostrophe goes
there?))Insurance Company of Miami. So American Banker's has launched a new type
of coverage - anti-mugging insurance.

''It's not as good as preventive protection,'' said Mr. Romanik, ''but
anti-mugging insurance is sure nice to have after it has happened.'' The policy,
formally called the Violent Crime's Victim Insurance, compensates victims of
muggings, assaults, rape and other acts of intentional violent crimes.

American Bankers((apostrophe or not?)), the originator of malpractice insurance
for doctors and lawyers, has filed application in all 50 states to sell the
insurance. So far 17 states, including California, Ohio and Washington, have
agreed to allow it, and sales have already started in Louisiana.

New York State, however, is skeptical. ''We have to look at this thing very
carefully,'' said a spokesman for the state's insurance commission. ''There are
some inherent problems in this type of insurance.''

James Clyne, the commission's deputy superindendent, said some people may
already be adequately covered under their existing policies' provisions for
violent crime compensation, which includes hospital bills, rehabilitation and
lost time from work. Mr . Clyne is also concerned about how such policies might
be sold ''Thi s type of policy is like selling fear to people,'' he said ''the
fea r the that person will become a victim.''

It is true that there could be some overlapping with other policies, the company
said, ''but one feature that most other policies don't haveis mental anguish
compensation, which a person usually sues for.''

In New York City, as in many major cities, a public agency, the Violent Crime
Victims Board, compensates victims for crime-related losses. But for most
victims, it takes years for compensation to come through.

Although the details of the insurance will be finalized next week, the insurance
will pay for property loss of up to $1,000; work loss, $150 a week; death,
$3,000; mental anquish, $1,000; and rehabilitation costs of up to $1,000.

''But'', stresses Mr. Romanik, ''we will not cover a crime which has been
committed by another member of the family.''family.'' The premium for the
insurance will vary from state to state depending on the riskiness of the area
one lives in, but will average about $80 a year.

Individuals living in the metropolitan areas, certainly are more interested in
the insurance than those living in suburban areas, according to Mr. Romanik.
Some 65 percent of the inquiries have come from metropolitan areas while the
remaining has come from suburban and rural areas.

For foreign tourists, who are a bit more vulnerable than the street-smart
native, the company hopes to offer a policy for the duration of a tourist's
stay.  Jacqueline R. Wilson

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Is Asheboro N.C.'s third most dangerous city?

BYLINE: Mary Anderson, The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 694 words


Sept. 18--ASHEBORO -- Is Asheboro the third most dangerous city in North
Carolina in which to live? Right behind Lumberton and Kinston in first and
second places?

Home Security Shield, a company that sells home security systems, posted its
list of most dangerous cities in half a dozen states, including North Carolina,
online, prompting phone calls to The Courier-Tribune to "look into this."

If you read it on the Internet, it must be true, right?

The cities of Greensboro, Raleigh and Charlotte didn't even make the top 10.

"This is a sales pitch to instill fear in people who live in medium-sized
cities," said Leigh Anna Johnson, public information officer for the City of
Asheboro.

Major Jim Smith, Asheboro Police Operations Command, said police want to
reassure community members of their safety when in the city. The 2013 crime
report is online and anybody who wants to talk about it can call the police
department at (336) 626-1300.

In a statement Wednesday, Smith spoke for the department: "It has come to the
attention of the Asheboro Police Department about the article that was written
and posted to the Home Security Shield website. We want citizens of Asheboro to
understand this article was written by an unknown author and is believed to be a
sales pitch written by the home security company in order to generate business.

"The Asheboro Police Department hopes to reassure the community of their safety
when in Asheboro city limits. According to information gathered and interpreted
by the Asheboro Police Department and logged into the Uniform Crime Report which
is then sent to the State Bureau of Investigation, Asheboro's overall crime has
fallen 5.8 percent from 2012-2013. Larcenies were down 10.7 percent and the full
listing of crime in Asheboro can be found on the City of Asheboro website,
www.asheboronc.gov."

According to the Home Security Shield website, their statisticians added the
violent crimes and property crimes reported in 2012 together and divided that
number by the population of the city, which is 25,535. The number of crimes was
not reported, but included everything from murder (violent) to knocking over
garbage cans (property).

That calculated to three violent crimes per 1,000 resident, 70 property crimes
per 1,000 residents and your chance of becoming a victim of a crime at one in
14.

One in 14 is the same chance in cities four through eight: Hickory, Goldsboro,
Rocky Mount, Monroe and Fayetteville. In New Bern and Winston-Salem, the chance
of being a victim of a crime was calculated to be one in 15.

There is a disclaimer at the bottom of the Home Security Shield that states:
"The data referenced above is entirely based on the Federal Bureau of
Investigation's Table 8 2012 Uniform Crime Report. These numbers should not be
used for any legal or educational purpose and are meant to be solely
informative. For the most accurate understanding of the crime rates for the
cities listed above, Home Security Shield recommends readers research further on
their own."

Further research on the City of Asheboro's complete crime report is available
online at www.asheboronc.gov, click on departments, police department and then
the 2013 crime report.

Because of differences in classification of some offenses, the State Bureau of
Investigation (SBI) crime figures will differ somewhat from the Federal Bureau
of Investigation (FBI) Statistics.

The summary includes a note that "Although there appears to be a slight upward
trend in the crime rates over the past 5 years (2009-2013), the overall Violent
Crime (-7.33%) and Property Crime (-5.7%) decreased in 2013 compared to 2012."

Officers answered 23,018 calls for service in 2013. Over a quarter, 6,149,
required a report. Officers also investigated 1,657 traffic crashes and wrote
6,491 traffic citations.

Violent crimes in 2013 were two murders (one in 2012), 18 rapes (the same for
both years), 46 robberies (up from 32 in 2012), 35 aggravated assaults (down
from 58 in 2012) and 688 burglaries, the same for both years.

___ (c)2014 The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C. Visit The Courier-Tribune,
Asheboro, N.C. at www.courier-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140918-1AO-Is-Asheboro-N-C-s-third-most-dangerous-city-0918-20140918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AO


               Copyright 2014 The Courier-Tribune, Asheboro, N.C.


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           January 20, 2011 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Crime totals at lowest since '67 But homicide, burglary remain trouble spots,
Chief Dan Isom says.

BYLINE: BY JESSE BOGAN jbogan@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8255

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: 0


ST. LOUIS - Major crimes reported in the city fell 9.2 percent last year,
reflecting the lowest crime totals since 1967, according to a police department
report delivered Wednesday to the Board of Police Commissioners.

Is it possible to post such results from one year to the next as the nation -
and city - continued to drag themselves out of a painful recession and high
unemployment?

Richard Rosenfeld, former president of the American Society of Criminology and a
professor at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, says yes.

Some of the decrease is simply a function of population decline, he said, "but
most of it is not." St. Louis had more than 622,000 people in 1970, the census
closest to 1967. The estimated population in 2009 was not quite 357,000.

Rosenfeld said crime has generally dropped or flattened the past couple years,
with recent blips in Boston and New York.

"St. Louis is running with the herd," he said.

It's unclear why crime has not spiked with unemployment remaining high, he said,
but he pointed out that inflation is at a historic low and open-air drug markets
and crack cocaine aren't as prevalent as two decades ago. He said high levels of
violence have not been associated with the rise in prescription drug abuse.

There were 33,782 of the most serious category of "Part 1" crimes reported in
2010 by the St. Louis police to the FBI for inclusion in national statistics .
The department said that was the lowest since 30,826 in 1967. The category
includes homicide, forcible rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary,
larceny, vehicle theft and arson.

Reported violent crimes were down 15.6 percent, the department said, also the
lowest year since 1967. Reported property crimes were said to be down 7.6
percent.

In a presentation to the police board, Chief Dan Isom applauded his department
for good work but said homicide and burglary remain troubling areas. The
department counted 144 murders last year, up one from the 143 in 2009.
Burglaries were down slightly, to 6,705 in 2010 from 6,834 the year before.

The good news was met by some skepticism.

"I don't believe that at all," said the Rev. Roosevelt Chew, 47, a pastor who
also works at Montgomery Laundromat in Old North St. Louis, a business that was
robbed in December. He told a reporter, "My car has been broken into twice in
the same year. Several cars have been stolen in the area."

Officials said vehicle break-ins were the most persistent crime.

Clearance rates - the percentage of crimes solved - were also a little better in
2010, police said: 18.1 percent of reported crimes were cleared in 2010,
compared to 17.5 percent in 2009. For crimes against persons, it was 45.9
percent in 2010, up from 43.2 percent in 2009. Among property crimes, 11.9
percent were cleared, compared to 11.2 the year before.

Looking at the historic numbers, Lt. Col. Alfred Atkins told the board that
annual homicides exceeded 250 in the early 1970s, '80s and '90s, yet fell to as
few as 74 in 2003.

"If you believe in cyclical, we should be prepared for what's coming," he
warned.

In his report, Atkins said two-thirds of the 144 homicide victims in 2010 were
African-American males ages 17 to 39. Half were from north St. Louis; 71 percent
had prior felony arrests; 60 percent had drugs or alcohol in their systems; and
15 percent were believed to be affiliated with gangs.

"They are primarily young black males who are both the victims and the
suspects," Isom said in an interview. "The root causes are education,
unemployment and poverty."

He said the department does a lot of community outreach but emphasized, "We are
police, though. We are not educators."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  GRAPHIC - ST. LOUIS CRIME STATISTICS | Post-Dispatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 23, 2006, Wednesday

Police face cuts by Bush as crimes rise

BYLINE: William Douglas, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4C

LENGTH: 789 words


WASHINGTON - With murder and other violent crimes on the rise in many American
cities, local law enforcement agencies and elected officials are battling to
stave off $1.1 billion in federal funding cuts proposed by President Bush.

There's no question that violent crime is up sharply. Murders and non-negligent
manslaughter increased 4.8 percent nationwide in 2005, the largest jump in 15
years, according to a preliminary FBI report in June. Murders were up over 2004
rates by 76 percent in Birmingham, Ala., 44.1 percent in Charlotte/Mecklenburg
County, N.C., 42 percent in Kansas City, Mo., and 38 percent in Cleveland.

At the same time, the Bush administration is cutting grants for state and local
crime-fighting programs on the grounds that they've outlived their usefulness or
under-performed. One such program is COPS, a Clinton-era initiative originally
designed to hire 100,000 police officers nationwide.

Like many local law enforcers and crime analysts, Greenville, S.C., Police Chief
W. L. Williams disagrees with the Bush administration's reasoning. His
department received a $4.47 million COPS grant in May to improve radio
communications so that police, fire and other emergency agencies in four
counties can speak to one another. That fixes a glaring weakness exposed by the
Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.

"COPS is working," Williams said of his department's grant. "This is a huge step
for law enforcement in the state of South Carolina and something that could not
be done on our own."

Some experts say that declining federal grants for crime-fighting could be
contributing to the rise in crime. But they note that other factors are probably
involved as well, including a generation of criminals incarcerated in the 1980s
and '90s that is now returning to the streets.

"It is true that the federal support for local law enforcement and preventive
programs has plummeted," said David Kennedy, director of the Center for Crime
Prevention at New York's John Jay College of Criminal Justice. "I think that
matters. I would say that's not the only thing going on, but it does hurt."

Senior lawmakers in Congress agree.

"The Bush administration has repeatedly cut federal funding for law enforcement,
and I don't think the rise in violent crime we've seen recently is a
coincidence," Sen. Joseph Biden, D-Del., a member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee, said in a written statement. "Because of these shortsighted budgeting
decisions, the Bush administration has effectively abandoned our front-line
defenders against crime and terrorism."

In his fiscal 2007 budget, Bush asked for $19.5 billion for Justice Department
discretionary spending, an 8 percent decrease from fiscal 2006. About $1.1
billion of the cuts would come from funds for grants to state and local law
enforcement.

Facing intense lobbying from groups such as the National Sheriff's Association
and the International Association of Chiefs of Police, many lawmakers in
Congress are working to increase federal funds for local law enforcement.

Last month, the Senate Appropriations Committee expressed "disappointment" that
the White House would ignore "the largest increase in violent crime in the
United States since 1991" and slash funding for state and local law enforcement.

The committee, chaired by Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., included $537 million for
the COPS and Byrne Justice Assistance Grants in a big spending bill. The full
Senate is expected to vote on it next month. The House of Representatives passed
its bill containing $545 million for local law enforcement in late June.

OMB's Milburn said that federal grants account for only 1 percent of state and
local law enforcement funding, with the rest coming from states and
municipalities.

But with violent crime on the upswing, every penny counts, says Blake Wallace,
sheriff of Duplin County, N. C., a largely rural locality about 60 miles
southeast of Raleigh.

Wallace frets because his department's federal grant money is rapidly running
out as his 75 deputies combat crystal methamphetamine labs and an escalating
gang problem fueled by an influx of illegal immigrants.

"For a department our size, the federal grants are vital," Wallace said. "We
need all the help we can get: We're dealing with things we weren't dealing with
five years ago."

Mara Salvatrucha, or MS-13, an ultra-violent Salvadoran gang, has opened shop in
the 55,000-resident county, leaving graffiti on buildings and a brazen, daylight
execution-style murder for Wallace to solve.

Wallace's department operates on a $5 million budget, which also pays for the
jail. He said his department received $520,000 in COPS grants over the past five
years, but that's all gone. A $1.2 million federal Highway Safety grant expires
in October.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 24, 2002, Monday, FINAL EDITION

FBI report: Major crimes rose 2% in 2001 after 9-year drop

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 448 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Murder and other major crimes increased in 2001 for the first time
in nine years, federal law enforcement officials said Sunday.

In the FBI's annual Uniform Crime Report to be released today, murders were up
3% as part of an overall 2% increase in major offenses, including robbery,
burglary and car theft. The report cites statistics from cities of 100,000 and
above.


The report did not count the more than 3,000 victims in the terrorist attacks on
Sept. 11. That provides a more comparative account of crime in the USA

The increases represent a significant turn from what had been one of the most
sustained declines in major crimes in U.S. history.

Analysts seized on several factors for the turnabout, including a recent poor
economy and the rising number of felons being released from prisons after
completing their sentences.

About 600,000 prisoners are released annually. Most of those released have
received little rehabilitation or career training.

"We should expect these releases to be a major factor in this development," said
Patrick Murphy, a former New York City police commissioner and public safety
director in Washington. "We have to be able to accommodate these people on their
return."

He also said that the Bush administration should reconsider its decision to
eliminate the COPS (Community Oriented Policing Services) program.

"There has been much focus on terrorism and for good reason," Murphy said. "But
the federal government has to continue to help police departments find ways to
keep violence in communities under control."

Begun under President Clinton, the COPS program provided $ 8 billion in federal
grants to hire 100,000 officers in local police departments across the nation.

The crime report comes as the FBI is reorganizing so its primary focus shifts to
preventing terrorist attacks. The bureau is reassigning some agents away from
local crime responsibilities, including drug investigations, to bolster its
counterterrorism effort.

According to the report's findings, first published in The Washington Post,
crime was up in every region of the country except the Northeast. The largest
increase was reported in the West.

In Los Angeles, the trend is continuing in 2002. From Jan. 1 through June 15,
there were 301 murders in the city, up almost 40% from the same period in 2001.
Sexual assaults were ahead of last year by nearly 20%, from 533 in 2001 to 637
in 2002.

D.C. Metropolitan Police also report a dramatic increase in murder this year.
Through last week, there were 103 murders in the city. That's an increase of 27%
from the same period in 2001.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 27, 2002 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Nassau Copies City Program For Computer Crime-Fighting

BYLINE:  By BRUCE LAMBERT

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: GARDEN CITY, N.Y., March 26


Nassau County's crime rate is already much lower than New York City's, but
officials here are borrowing the city's latest crime-fighting techniques to
drive it even lower.

County Executive Thomas R. Suozzi unveiled a program today called Nass-Stat:
Nassau's adaptation of the city's widely praised Compstat, which is short for
computer statistics.

The concept is to use fresh statistics to quickly detect and map concentrations
and trends in crimes. The police analyze the figures, devise new strategies to
combat the crimes, deploy officers accordingly and do follow-up studies on the
results. Precinct commanders are held accountable for solving the problems.

"Instead of a shotgun approach, it's like a laser," Mr. Suozzi said.

Mr. Suozzi, who is battling with police unions over budgets, pay and staffing,
said that Nass-Stat is essential now that the force is shrinking to help solve
Nassau's fiscal crisis. Strategically deploying officers at the times and places
they are most needed makes the best use of the staff, he said.

But the police unions are pushing for more hiring and certain minimum staffing
requirements at all times, which Mr. Suozzi opposes.

"All they're doing now is using a computer," said Gary DelaRaba, president of
the Police Benevolent Association. He dismissed the significance of Nass-Stat,
saying, "If we need a computer to tell us where crime is, we as a police
department are in serious trouble."

In New York City, crime experts credited Compstat for helping drive crime down
during Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's administration. A number of police forces
elsewhere have copied New York's approach.

One difference in the Nass-Stat program is that the county police are
coordinating the effort with the 20 villages and 2 small cities that have their
own local forces. Several mayors and police officials attended today's slide
presentation on the project.

Mr. Suozzi noted that Nassau had the lowest crime rate in the nation of any
county in its population group, 1 million to 1.5 million. In 2000, Nassau's
crime rate was 1,978 per 100,000 residents. By contrast, rates were two to three
times higher in the Milwaukee, Salt Lake City, Memphis, Nashville and West Palm
Beach, Fla., areas. New York City's crime rate, which has dropped to its lowest
levels in decades, was 3,722 per 100,000 residents in 2000.

The Nassau County police started planning Nass-Stat early this year at Mr.
Suozzi's request, soon after he took office. The county executive said he
envisioned bringing in other agencies to work with the system, including the
district attorney's office, the probation department, and even agencies outside
law enforcement.

For example, if crimes by youths are on the upswing, Mr. Suozzi said, then the
youth agency should be consulted on how its programs might help. If jail inmates
have serious alcohol and drug problems, he said, the county should check their
home addresses and examine addiction programs in their communities.

Besides being used to pinpoint trends, Nass-Stat will also be used to avoid
wasting time and effort on nonessential missions. Chief Raymond L. Crawford of
the Nassau police gave two examples in today's presentation. In one, numerous
calls to the Nassau police were traced to the same address, an automobile dealer
in Massapequa. The reason for nearly all of them turned out to be a
malfunctioning alarm system. Also, the police were called to a home in Oceanside
so often that a review of the records showed teams of officers being dispatched
there an average of once every 42 hours, for domestic disputes and 911 calls.

Nass-Stat is designed to catch such situations much sooner, Chief Crawford said.
Defective alarms can be fixed and, in the case of the home in Oceanside, the
police finally called on the Family Court to intervene.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        MAY 30, 1998 Saturday D EDITION

CAMDEN TO GET AID TO ADD FIVE OFFICERS / THE CITY WILL RECEIVE $892,000. IT WAS
AMONG 18 CITIES CLINTON SAID WOULD GET FEDERAL FUNDS TO COMBAT CRIME.

BYLINE: Dwight Ott, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 407 words


Camden will get $892,000 in federal money this year to hire new police officers
as part of an 18-city police initiative announced yesterday by President
Clinton.

"There are still some neighborhoods in America - and too many of them - where
crime hasn't receded far enough or fast enough," Clinton said in announcing the
grants at a Rose Garden ceremony.

The Justice Department money is designed to put an additional 700 officers on
the street in areas of the country with high rates of crime and poverty.

Camden officials said they would use their share to hire five police officers
and pay their salaries for three years at no cost to local taxpayers.

Nationwide, the crime rate is at its lowest point in 25 years, the President
said, but that has not eased problems in some urban areas.

"We have to focus our resources on high-crime, high-need neighborhoods to bring
the benefits of community policing to every area," he said, flanked by a dozen
uniformed officers. "In the difficult areas, that means we have to reach a
critical mass of police officers and community policing before it can make the
necessary difference."

For example, the Chicago Police Department will get an extra 150 officers to
fight drug-related crimes, Miami will get 170 officers to take back the streets
along the Miami River, and Baltimore will get an extra 100 officers to fight
drugs, the President said.

In Camden, acting Inspector Charles Kocher said the department would use the
money to expand its community-policing program. That initiative, through which
officers are assigned to walk beats in neighborhoods across the city, has
contributed to a 10 percent drop in major crime in Camden in the first three
months of this year, he said.

"We're elated to be selected," Kocher said of the grant. He said the new
officers would bring the city's police force to 370 members, the highest number
since the late 1970s.

The grant program is part of a national effort, begun under the 1994 crime law,
to put 100,000 extra police officers on the street by 1999. The latest grants
will help bring the number of new officers to 75,000, White House officials
said.

Other cities receiving grants yesterday were Bessemer, Ala.; Birmingham, Ala.;
Buffalo; Cleveland; El Paso, Texas; Flint, Mich.; Fort Pierce, Fla.; Fresno,
Calif.; Greenville, Miss.; Hartford, Conn.; McAllen, Texas; Monroe, La.;
Muskegon, Mich.; and San Bernardino, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 2, 1996, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Study: Weapons laws deter crime Fewer rapes, murders found where concealed guns
legal

BYLINE: Dennis Cauchon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 409 words


In a comprehensive study that may reshape the gun control debate,
researchers have found that letting people carry concealed guns
appears to sharply reduce murders, rapes and other violent crimes.

The nationwide study found that violent crime fell after states
made it legal to carry concealed handguns:

-- Murder, down 8.5%.

-- Rape, down 5%.


-- Aggravated assault, down 7%.

The University of Chicago study, obtained by USA TODAY, is set
to be released next Thursday. But its impending release has already
sent shock waves through the gun control debate because of the
effect it may have on one of the most controversial areas of gun
law.

Since 1986, the number of states making it legal to carry concealed
weapons has grown from nine to 31.

The National Rifle Association has led this fight in state legislatures,
arguing that concealed weapons deter crime.

Gun control supporters counter that these laws cost lives by increasing
accidental deaths and impulsive murders.

The study analyzed FBI crime statistics in the nation's 3,054
counties from 1977 to 1992 to see if the introduction of concealed-weapons
laws had any effect on crime.

The results overwhelmingly supported the idea that these laws
deter violent crime.

The drop isn't primarily caused by people defending themselves
with guns, says John Lott, the study's author. Rather, criminals
seem to alter their behavior to avoid the possibility of coming
into contact with a victim with a gun.

Concealed-weapons laws have drawbacks, too, the study found. Auto
theft and larceny increased. Criminals shifted to property offenses,
in which contact with a victim is rare, says Lott.

"The policy implications are undeniable: If you're interested
in reducing murder and rape, then letting law-abiding, mentally
competent citizens carry concealed weapons has a positive impact,"
says Lott.

Gun control backer Josh Sugarman of the Violence Policy Center
blasted the study: "Anyone who argues that these laws reduce
crime either doesn't understand the nature of crime or has a preset
agenda."

Lott, who spent two years on the study, says he sent his research
to scholars who might disagree with him and made changes to satisfy
the critics.

David Kopel, a gun control scholar who did a smaller study on
the same issue, says, "Lott's study is so far ahead of all previous
studies that it makes them all worthless."

LOAD-DATE: August 02, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  June 1, 1996

CRIME-HIT US CITY CLEARS ITS STREETS OF CHILDREN;
Daytime ban added to night curfew on under-18s in New Jersey

BYLINE: Jonathan Freedland In Washington

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FOREIGN PAGE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1187 words


A NEW JERSEY city plagued by crime has taken the dramatic step of reinforcing
its night-time curfew on all children under 18 with a daytime ban as well -
leaving them free to be outside for just 10 hours a day.

Faced with drug trafficking and gang violence by night and school truancy by
day, the authorities in Camden, New Jersey will now bar all children between the
ages of five and 18 from the streets from 8.30am until 3pm - adding to the ban
already in force between 10pm and 6am. Parents of those caught will face a fine
of pounds 650 or up to 90 days in jail.

The drastic action was announced the day after President Clinton's call to
combat youth violence with night-time curfews, which alarmed civil liberties
groups and child rights advocates who fear it could lead to a virtual ban on all
under-18s from America's streets.

The president's support for so-called "teen curfews" - already in force in three
quarters of America's largest 200 cities - has touched off a hotly contested
debate, with critics charging that much -celebrated gains have been exaggerated
and real costs ignored.

Cities from Washington DC to Denver have introduced laws banning children from
staying out after dark, with most authorities imposing heavy fines for each
violation.

A curfew scheme in New Orleans drew particular praise from President Clinton.
Since 1994, the city has required all under-17s to be off the streets by 8pm on
a winter school night, 9pm in summer. At the weekend, teenagers not indoors by
11pm are taken to a "central curfew centre," where their parents must pick them
up. The whole family must then undergo counselling. The night-time youth crime
rate in New Orleans has fallen by 27 per cent.

"These are just like the old-fashioned rules most of us had when we were kids,"
Mr Clinton told a conference of church leaders in Louisiana on Thursday.
Recalling the words of his late mother, he said: "When the lights come on, be
home, Bill."

With thousands of parents and families gathering in Washington today for a rally
at the Lincoln Memorial called to protest against Republican cuts in services
for children, the president's remarks have renewed an often bitter debate about
American youth, who are disproportionately involved in crime both as victims and
perpetrators.

Advocates brandish statistics showing considerable declines in rates of crime
and violence where curfews are in force. As violent crime among teens rose 57
per cent between 1984 and 1994, even while the general US crime rate slowed, a
pro-curfew consensus has evolved among US mayors.

"They help keep our children out of harm's way," said Mr Clinton, who is using
the issue to highlight his tough-love approach to crime in this year's
presidential election campaign. The president pointedly did not suggest a new
national law, or even federal funds for curfews. Instead he merely encouraged
cities to take up the idea.

"Curfews sound good," said sociologist Ruth Sidel. "It's a touchy-feely solution
which makes people feel better, but it doesn't really solve the problems most
kids face today."

Ms Sidel fears curfews discriminate against poor kids, because they rarely have
parents able to chauffeur them around and keep them off the streets. "Upper
middle class teenagers will always have mummy or daddy to drive them to band
practice," she said.

Jim Weill, of the Children's Defence Fund, the main organisers of today's march,
said he was also concerned that curfews do not deal with the most troublesome
children. "The toughest kids are not in the places where police are likely to
pick them up, because they're simply too streetwise," he said.

But the harshest criticism has come from the American Civil Liberties Union.
"What these laws do is penalise normal and otherwise lawful behaviour, for
example standing on the street corner, and penalise the many for the misdeeds of
the few," said activist Norman Siegel.

"You're sending a really horrible message to a younger generation that the
solution to a problem is repression," he told the New York Times.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Record (Greensboro, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 12, 2009 Monday

Violent crime increases in Greensboro, FBI says

BYLINE: Sonja Elmquist, News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


Jan. 12--Violent crime in Greensboro climbed by about 3 percent over the same
period last year. But it saw one of the smallest increases compared with other
North Carolina cities reporting data, according to a preliminary report the FBI
released today.

While some North Carolina cities saw an increase in violent crime, the country
experienced a 3.5 percent decline in violent crime from January to June 2008,
compared to the same period in 2007, according to a FBI press release.
Nationwide, there was a 2.5 percent decline in property crime for that time
period.

Among cities in North Carolina, violent crime increased by 8.4 percent in
Charlotte and Mecklenburg County while Raleigh saw a 12.4 percent increase.

Fayetteville reported a 21.7 percent increase.

Cary reflected the nationwide trend, reporting about a 3 percent decrease in
violent crime in North Carolina.

Property crime in Greensboro increased by 4.2 percent. That increase is less
than the Charlotte area, which saw a 7.5 percent increase, but more than
Raleigh, which experienced a 1.7 percent increase. Fayetteville saw a 3.7
percent decrease in property crimes.

The report is based on information from law enforcement agencies that
contributed three to six common months of data to the FBI from January through
June of both 2007 and 2008.

To see more of the News & Record or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-record.com. Copyright (c) 2009, News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090112-VG-HLT-Violent-crime-increases-in-Greensboro-FBI-says-0112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VG


                                 Copyright 2009


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                             June 26, 1998, Friday

Cops are cruising, the kids smiling

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Pg. 7; NEWS REVIEW

LENGTH: 386 words


In crime-plagued communities, police with a new attitude are no longer being
seen as the enemy. In some cases they are the saviours of run-down
neighbourhoods and the residents know and appreciate that.

Newhallville, in the Connecticut city of New Haven, where Winchester rifles were
once made, is a district of extremes.

Academics from Yale University live in its leafy streets, while just a few
hundred metres away burned-out crack houses scar the all-black district.

On Lilac Street, there were four drug-related killings last Christmas. But
despite the blitzed houses and drug turf wars, crime is down, just as it is
right across the country. A combination of a booming economy, more police (up 19
per cent to 423,000 nationwide), tougher sentencing (the number in jail has more
than doubled to 1.72 million in the past decade), a fall in crack cocaine usage,
and smarter policing has shown rising crime rates are not inevitable.

From 1984 to 1993, the number of murders nationwide climbed 31 per cent to
216,986 -- four times the number of Americans killed in Vietnam.

Since then violent crime has fallen, most markedly in New York.

In New Haven serious crime dropped 7 per cent in 1997 and is down another 9 per
cent this year.

Police have moved into the suburbs, setting up bunker-like substations that also
serve as a community focus, offering a meeting room for neighbourhood groups.

Residents have learned their complaints are listened to and acted on. Police
also serve as a link with other city departments, ensuring that damaged houses
are repaired, that rubbish is removed, that landlords know their
responsibilities.

Driving in a squad car through the area there is no sign of animosity. Kids even
wave, where once they threw stones.

My police guide no longer wears a bullet-proof vest, although most still do.

A key part of the policing strategy, called One Voice, unites police and
probation officers so that convicted drug offenders are made to observe strict
conditions of parole -- conditions that were once ignored by police and
criminals alike.

Carefully tended flowers in front of several houses show that, despite its
poverty and problems, this is a neighbourhood that still cares.

''And if there were no drugs, I'd be out of a job'', a police officer says.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 12, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Another Answer to Juvenile Crime

SECTION: Section A;  Page 24;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 570 words


With violent-crime rates rising among juveniles, states have been tripping over
each other to get tough on young offenders. In New York, for instance, Gov.
George Pataki has proposed transferring offenders who are at least 16 years old
out of juvenile detention facilities and into adult prisons. Getting tough may
be part of the answer, but it is not the only answer. New York City offers
another model -- a program that tries to divert young offenders from detention
to probation. This program deserves closer attention.

The program, called Alternative to Detention, has been around since 1971.
Administered by the city's Probation Department, it concentrates on youths aged
12 to 16 who have been arrested and sent to Family Court on charges ranging from
criminal possession of drugs to robbery and assault. Within the 60 days between
arrest and trial, the Family Court judge can place a youth in the program
instead of setting him free pending trial or sending him to Spofford, the city's
major juvenile detention facility.

There are no hard and fast criteria. Judges use their discretion to pick out
promising prospects among the 11,500 youths under 17 who are arrested in the
city each year. Many come from neighborhoods where crime and drugs are rampant,
and many are chronic truants running away from broken or dysfunctional families.

The Alternative to Detention program takes about 1,100 of these youths each
year. The purpose is to stop them from graduating to more serious crimes or from
becoming career criminals. The youths live at home, but participate in the
program for about eight hours a day, five days a week. In addition to
educational classes, participants receive counseling, computer lessons, group
sessions in behavior modification and exposure to new experiences -- from
museums and dance recitals to horseback riding and tennis lessons.

Many participants eventually come to value the positive, sustained interaction
with adults and with other teen-agers who are also trying to resist destructive
forces in their neighborhoods. Probation officers can exercise closer
supervision of the youths because caseloads are capped at 15, compared with
caseloads that can reach 100 among officers assigned to the general population.

By the time youths in the program come to trial, 60 percent are placed on
probation instead of drawing time at Spofford or at one of the state's youth
detention facilities. Most of the probationers turn out to be good bets,
although 13 percent wind up back in court. Those who stay out of subsequent
trouble tend to have at least one family member who monitors them regularly. It
also helps if the family develops ties to a community group that can offer
additional support.

This success rate has persuaded the Baltimore-based Annie E. Casey Foundation to
provide enough new money to expand the program to 1,600 youngsters. In many
instances there are no real differences between youngsters who are paroled to
the alternative program and those who are detained before trial, so the
Probation Department plans to take the new recruits directly from Spofford, with
careful screening.

The city has promised to sustain the expanded program after the foundation grant
expires, but even further expansion would be justified. The program shows that
intervention at a critical point can still prevent a young offender from
becoming a hardened criminal.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             January 9, 2017 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Chicago beating doesn't need to be a hate crime

BYLINE: Christian Schneider

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 493 words


The nation convulsed in horror last week at a video of black suspects in Chicago
torturing and beating a disabled white man, all while broadcasting their
barbarity on Facebook Live. One alleged assailant is heard to be yelling "f---
Donald Trump!" and "f--- white people!" While the 18-year old special needs man
is bound, one of the suspects takes a knife and cuts off a piece of his scalp.

The assailants, two male and two female, were later charged with felony
aggravated kidnapping, aggravated unlawful restraint and aggravated battery with
a deadly weapon. But they were also charged with violating Illinois' hate crime
law, which provides for enhanced penalties.

While no sentient human would defend the heinous actions on that torture video,
the hate crime charge is inappropriate in this -- or in almost any -- case.

Hate crime laws, which now inhabit the regulatory books of virtually every
state, transform law enforcement officials into thought police, monitoring the
reasons and motivations for criminal actions. If the Chicago Four, for instance,
had hated Trump, loathed white people or had disdain for the disabled, they
would not be prosecuted for simply having those thoughts. Because those thoughts
may have been expressed in this brutal video doesn't remove the constitutional
protection they are afforded for having them.

What hate crime laws actually do is set up a complicated hierarchy for whose
safety is valued most. Members of certain groups are afforded more legal
protections based on statute. Last session, one Wisconsin lawmaker even
introduced a bill to automatically classify harming police officers as a hate
crime. In the ongoing debate about whose lives matter most, hate crime laws seek
to rank them via state law.

Further, enforcement of hate crime laws is spotty and uneven. According to the
FBI, Michigan reported more than three times as many hate crimes (309) as
Illinois reported in 2015 (90). Does anyone believe residents of Michigan are
three times as hateful as those of Illinois? What constitutes hate is clearly a
subjective and capricious determination.

All Americans deserve equal protection under the law; an unspeakable crime such
as beating and scalping a disabled person should be prosecuted vigorously
regardless of the perpetrators' motivations or statements in committing the
crime. And if the penalty for the acts isn't stiff enough in the absence of hate
crime enhancers, enact stiffer sentences for breaking the law.

The Chicago assault would not have been any less reprehensible had the attackers
forgotten to express disdain for white people, Donald Trump or the disabled. As
Sen. Russ Feingold, D-Wis., said on the Senate floor in 1993, protesting a hate
crime provision in a federal crime bill, we should punish conduct but "our
speech should be free."

Christian Schneider is a member of USA TODAY's Board of Contributors and a
columnist for the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, where this piece first appeared.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Housing Authority: Shooting was not random crime;
Officials seek to

BYLINE: BEN WEATHERS Staff Writer

SECTION: A; Pg.1

LENGTH: 648  words


As Annapolis housing officials addressed safety concerns Thursday, more details
emerged in the wake of Wednesday night's double shooting in the Robinwood
community.

"This was not a random crime," said Joseph S. Johnson, the Housing Authority's
director of security and former Annapolis police chief. "The victim and the
assailant are known to each other. ... We don't have a maniac running around and
shooting up people's houses."

Shortly before 9:20 p.m., police responded to a home in 1400 block of Tyler
Avenue, inside which they found Joseph Louis Johnson III, 33, of Brooklyn, and a
35-year-old woman, both with gunshot wounds. Johnson was determined to be dead
by paramedics at the scene, police said.

The woman was flown to the Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore with
life-threatening injuries. She remained in critical condition Thursday morning,
police said.

Police still had not identified the woman as of Thursday afternoon.

While police had not commented Thursday afternoon on the shooter or shooters or
the circumstances of the shooting, investigators believe the shooting occurred
inside the home.

Joseph Johnson, of no relation to the deceased, said in recent months the number
of crimes at Housing Authority properties dropped from 10 percent to 8.5 percent
of all crimes in Annapolis.

At a news conference Thursday, Annapolis Housing Authority members said they
were providing information to Annapolis City Police. They highlighted a drop in
crime at Housing Authority of the City of Annapolis properties, as well as
strict applicant screening and lease enforcement.

"HACA is taking very seriously this incident that unfortunately involved the
death of a young man here in Annapolis," board Chairman Carl O. Snowden said.

The Robinwood and Harbour House communities have remained the authority's most
troubled properties, Johnson said.

Wednesday night's shooting was the second homicide in Annapolis this year. The
first victim, Orlando McDaniel, 29, a Robinwood resident, was shot and killed
near Harbour House in June.

That case remains unsolved. Housing Authority board members urged anyone with
information on either shooting to contact Annapolis police.

Together, both properties include some 500 units.

Johnson said the authority this week hired two new property mangers who have
managed much larger public housing properties in Wilmington, Del., and
Greensboro, N.C.

To reassure residents they are safe, board members also pointed to the Housing
Authority's application screening process, which includes a criminal background
check, and its lease enforcement.

Between June 1, 2011, and Wednesday, the Housing Authority has denied housing to
36 percent of some 225 applicants.

During the same time period, the authority evicted 15 residents, roughly 2
percent of its residents, and banned 40 nonresidents from its properties for
drug- and criminal-related activity, according to statistics provided by HACA.

Johnson said that Joseph Louis Johnson III was not on the property's banned list
but did have a criminal history.

He is listed as a registered sex offender and absconder on the Maryland Sex
Offender Registry website. He was convicted of third-degree sex offense,
third-degree burglary and second-degree assault in county Circuit Court in 2003,
according to online court records.

In 2010, he was sentenced to 18 months after pleading guilty in county Circuit
Court to fourth-degree burglary and resisting arrest.

Annapolis Alderman Kenneth A. Kirby, who represents Ward 6, which includes
Robinwood, said that while he was not close to Johnson personally, he knows the
family. He had waved to and spoken to Johnson's daughter after she got off the
school bus Wednesday afternoon, he said.

"Nobody has answers to why these things happen," said Kirby, who grew up in
public housing on Obery Court. "People who say that (public housing) is a
menace, I want to tell them otherwise."

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left, Housing Authority Chairman Carl O. Snowden, Executive
Director Vincent Legett, Vice Chairwoman Cynthia Carter and Treasurer Richard
Callahan hold a news conference Thursday on the double shooting in Robinwood the
night before.
From left, Housing Authority Chairman Carl O. Snowden, Executive Director
Vincent Legett, Vice Chairwoman Cynthia Carter and Treasurer Richard Callahan
hold a news conference Thursday on the double shooting in Robinwood the night
before.
From left, Housing Authority Chief of Security Joseph S. Johnson speaks while
Alderman Kenneth A. Kirby listens at a Thursday news conference on the double
shooting in Robinwood the night before.
From left, Housing Authority Chief of Security Joseph S. Johnson speaks while
Alderman Kenneth A. Kirby listens at a Thursday news conference on the double
shooting in Robinwood the night before.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                August 10, 1999

Born to be bad;
Is abortion a weapon in the war against crime? Sharon Krum reports from New York
on controversial new research that says it is

SECTION: Guardian Features Pages; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 772 words


Can a poor, black woman who had an abortion in Kentucky in 1974 take any credit
for the spectacularly low crime rates being chalked up in the US today?
According to a controversial new study into the impact of legalised abortion on
American crime, this hypothetical woman can stand up and take a bow. Her
termination, and those performed on thousands like her since the landmark US
Supreme Court decision of Roe vs Wade in 1973 legalised abortion, has eliminated
many of the potential criminals of the 1990s.

So say researchers Steve Levitt, a University of Chicago economist, and John
Donohue III, a Stanford University law professor, in a paper entitled Legalised
Abortion and Crime. Though unpublished, their research has already become the
subject of much debate among criminologists and both pro-choice and pro-life
advocates. It argues that when abortion was unavailable in the US, the unwanted
children of adolescent, poor and minority women often moved into a life of crime
as adults. Legalised abortion enabled women to avoid bringing into the world
'children who will lead really tough lives. They're the ones who are most likely
to have been unloved by their mothers, to have faced intense poverty.'

In the pair's study, they cite research from eastern Europe and Scandinavia that
revealed children born to mothers who could not get an abortion were predisposed
to a life of crime. These mothers were less likely to nurture, hold and
breastfeed their babies, leading those children to act out against society as
they got older.

'This literature provides strong evidence that unwanted children are likely to
be disproportionately involved in criminal activity,' Donohue and Levitt write.
Examining crime rates in the US, they found that states which had high abortion
rates after 1973 experienced huge drops in crime in the 1990s, even when other
factors such as income and race were taken into account.

Susan Tew, a spokeswoman for the Guttmacher Institute, a New York-based
organisation that researches abortion trends, agrees there is no question that
legalised abortion in the US changed the landscape for low income and minority
women. To suggest it had added benefits to society as a method of crime
reduction, however, was missing the mark. 'For impoverished women who cannot get
access to abortion, there are consequences for those children and society
further down the track. We know this. But to advocate that abortion is an answer
to crime is warped.'

Dr Leslie Wolfe, director of the Center for Women's Policy Studies in Washington
DC, goes further, arguing: 'This is eugenics disguised as scholarship.' While
the paper's authors insist their research was an attempt to determine what
causes reduced crime, not to endorse abortion, Wolfe disagrees. 'This is the
worst kind of simplification of both the crime rate and abortion. On the basis
of flimsy data, this study is recommending that abortion can be used to control
crime. This flies in the face of everything we believe about reproductive
choice. Since the 70s, there has actually been an increase in certain kinds of
crime, in spite of increased abortions. Look at the mass murders of today. They
are not being committed by children of low income families of color, but by
privileged white boys.'

According to the Guttmacher Institute, since abortion was legalised in 1973,
more than 34m abortions have been performed in the US, 1.4m of them in 1996, the
last year for which statistics are available. Tew says the Institute's
statistics found women under 25, separated, never married, poor or members of a
minority group are twice as likely as other women to have an abortion. And while
white women in the US obtain 60% of all abortions, black women are three times
as likely as white women to have an abortion and Hispanic women are twice as
likely.

Financially, abortion is relatively cheap in the US compared with other health
services and 16 states provide government funding for it. Tew says a first
trimester abortion in the US can cost from $ 175-$ 400. 'It is difficult for
many poor women to raise funds for an abortion,' she points out, 'but compared
with other health services, it can be done.'

Wolfe fears some politicians and sociologists will seize on this latest paper to
promote their own political agendas. 'I don't think this research was designed
to increase knowledge but to garner support for a certain agenda. It seems they
want to encourage certain groups of women to have abortions. It's a frightening
thing to turn the movement for reproductive rights into a statement of social
policy.'


LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 2, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Study: Weapons laws deter crime Fewer rapes, killings found where concealed guns
legal

BYLINE: Dennis Cauchon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 408 words


In a comprehensive study that may reshape the gun control debate,
researchers have found that letting people carry concealed guns
appears to sharply reduce killings, rapes and other violent crimes.

The nationwide study found that violent crime fell after states
made it legal to carry concealed handguns:

-- Homicide, down 8.5%.

-- Rape, down 5%.


-- Aggravated assault, down 7%.

The University of Chicago study, obtained by USA TODAY, is set
to be released next Thursday. But its impending release has already
sent shock waves through the gun-control debate because of the
effect it may have on one of the most controversial areas of gun
law.

Since 1986, the number of states making it legal to carry concealed
weapons has grown from nine to 31.

The National Rifle Association has led this fight in state legislatures,
arguing that concealed weapons deter crime.

Gun control supporters counter that these laws cost lives by increasing
accidental deaths and impulsive killings.

The study analyzed FBI crime statistics in the nation's 3,054
counties from 1977 to 1992 to see if the introduction of concealed-weapons
laws had any effect on crime.

The results overwhelmingly supported the idea that these laws
deter violent crime.

The drop isn't primarily caused by people defending themselves
with guns, says John Lott, the study's author. Rather, criminals
seem to alter their behavior to avoid coming into contact with
a person who might have a gun.

Concealed-weapons laws have drawbacks, too, the study found. Auto
theft and larceny increased. Criminals shifted to property offenses,
in which contact with a victim is rare, says Lott.

"The policy implications are undeniable: If you're interested
in reducing murder and rape, then letting law-abiding, mentally
competent citizens carry concealed weapons has a positive impact,"
says Lott.

Gun control backer Josh Sugarman of the Violence Policy Center
blasted the study: "Anyone who argues that these laws reduce
crime either doesn't understand the nature of crime or has a preset
agenda."

Lott, who spent two years on the study, says he sent his research
to scholars who might disagree with him and made changes to satisfy
the critics.

David Kopel, a gun control scholar who did a smaller study on
the same issue, says, "Lott's study is so far ahead of all previous
studies that it makes them all worthless."

LOAD-DATE: August 02, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 28, 1992, Monday

South's campuses uneasy in wake of violent crimes

BYLINE: By Tinah Saunders STAFF WRITERcolleges; violence; crime; investigations;
safety

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 8

LENGTH: 791 words


It was a quiet September Saturday morning in Chapel Hill, N.C. Fall classes had
just begun at the University of North Carolina, and all over town students
relished a few more hours of sleep.

But in Granville Towers, a residence hall just off campus, a sleepy student woke
to find an intruder rummaging through her belongings. Holding a pair of scissors
to her throat, he raped her, stole some cash and fled, she told police. She had
left her door unlocked.

It was one of the first violent incidents of the fall term, but not the only
one. Across the South in just the first few weeks of school, there have been
beatings, shootings, armed robberies, mob violence and slayings of students on
or near college campuses.

"It is a misconception that college is a sanctuary," said Bill Whitman, director
of the Campus Safety and Security Institute in Thorndale, Pa.

"Incoming students bring their backgrounds with them," Mr. Whitman said. "And
there is no way for colleges to screen for character flaws. So gang members . .
. ex-convicts . . . those who are trying to do better and divorce themselves
from their associates and environment, can be admitted. Schools have even
stopped asking if applicants have been arrested, to avoid suits."

Eighty percent of the crime on campus is committed by one student against
another, with the remainder the result of intruders to the campus setting, said
Dorothy Siegel, vice president of student services and director of the Violence
Prevention Center at Towson State University in Towson, Md.

Recently, three Baton Rouge teenagers were arrested in the Sept. 16 slaying of
an 18-year-old Louisiana State University freshman, who was found with four
bullets in his head at a construction site four miles off campus. Police say the
killers wanted his Ford Bronco, which they later left burning on a levee
overlooking the Mississippi River.

Several assaults against students at the University of Virginia by non-students,
including one attempted rape, prompted UVA President John Casteen to write an
unusually candid open letter to the university community, saying, "The violence
in our community has assumed in recent times a random and sudden character that
threatens students, faculty, staff and guests."

Crime reporting required

Beginning this month, as a result of the Campus Security Act passed last year,
schools that receive federal funds are required to report the number of crimes
on their campuses for the preceding three years and to disseminate that
information to students, faculty, prospective students and their parents.

"The numbers aren't increasing that much - the reporting system is just better.
What these incidents say is that schools are being more forthright about
reporting crime," Mr. Whitman said.

"You are going to see a peak in the numbers before they level off and finally
decrease as prevention and awareness programs take effect," he said.

In the wake of the incident at Chapel Hill, the university immediately moved to
limit access to all residence halls at least temporarily. They were locked 24
hours a day for three weeks after the incident, and residents used keys to enter
both the dorms and their own rooms.

At other campuses around the South, limited-access residence halls have been the
norm for several years. The University of Florida had key- access residence
halls even before the August 1990 slayings of five students in off-campus
apartment complexes, said Housing Director Jim Grimm.

Some schools have returned to a form of the sign-in, sign-out system that
prevailed until the mid-1960s.

Abducted from parking lot

Not all campus crime happens in residence halls.

The slain LSU student was abducted from the parking lot behind his dorm. A
Hampton University student was shot Sept. 12 at an apartment complex just off
campus when he became involved in a verbal confrontation with a passer-by. And a
23-year-old white man returning home from a church social on Labor Day weekend
was pulled from his car in an apartment parking lot by a group of black Florida
A&M students who had been chanting "L.A., L.A.," in reference to the Los Angeles
riots. They said they were angry over an altercation with Tallahassee police,
whom they accused of being unnecessarily rough in breaking up a noisy party.

The victim was beaten almost to death before several other students came to his
aid.

Only those crimes committed on campus property will be reported in next year's
campus crime statistics. Incidents involving students that happen off campus
aren't reported. For example, the Gainesville slayings are not listed on the
University of Florida's crime report for 1989-1992.

Staff writers Tom McCollister and Holly Morris contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922750085

GRAPHIC: Map: Campus violence (number coded to correspond with the following
chart) Since the beginning of the fall term, violence involving students has
reupted on or near college campuses throughout the South. 1. UNIVERSITY OF NORTH
CAROLINA, Chapel Hill - Sept. 4: Rape in off- campus residence hall; Sept. 7 and
8: Two attempted sexual assaults on campus walkways; Sept. 12: Female student
attacked and sprayed with her own mace on campus walkway. 2. NORTH CAROLINA
CENTRAL UNIVERSITY, Durham - Sept. 12: Six people wounded in campus gun battle
when a man assaulted a female student talking to friends. 3. UNIVERSITY OF
VIRGINIA, Charlottesville - Sept. 3 and Sept. 4: Attempted rape of student by
non-student at fraternity party, attack on students in dormitory area and
beating of student by non- students in parking lot. 4. SAVANNAH COLLEGE OF ART
AND DESIGN, Savannah - Sept. 6: Attempted rape in dorm room. 5. UNIVERSITY OF
MIAMI, Coral Gables - Sept. 9: Two male students robbed at gunpoint near
library. 6. UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA, Gainesville - Sept. 7: Two law students
threatened by four men with knives. 7. FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY, Tallahassee -
Sept. 11: Two male students beaten by four non-students. 8. FLORIDA A&M
UNIVERSITY, Tallahassee - Sept. 7: White male brutally beaten by mob of black
students angry at police for alleged brutality when arresting group of
partygoers at off-campus apartment complex. 9. UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Columbia - Sept. 10: Student assaulted and robbed by man in campus parking lot.
10. LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY, Baton Rouge - Sept. 16: Student found murdered
at off-campus construction site. 11. MEMPHIS STATE UNIVERSITY, Memphis - Sept.
16: One student injured when he came between two others fighting in campus
residence hall. 12. HAMPTON UNIVERSITY, Hampton - Sept. 12: Male student shot by
passerby after verbal confrontation at apartment complex just off-campus. 13.
BETHUNE-COOKMAN COLLEGE, Daytona Beach - Sept. 16: Student robbed and killed
execution-style off-campus by several youths; his three college friends were
critically wounded in the same incident. It was the third murder of a
Bethune-Cookman student since June.  / staff

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 27, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Liberal critics real turkeys

BYLINE: John Lofton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 286 words


The nauseating spectacle of members of Congress - our only distinctly native
American criminal class, as Mark Twain called them - voting on a crime bill is,
obviously, a conflict of interest. But there are things even more absurd than
this. And they are this newspaper's reasons why the bill is, supposedly,
inadequate.

USA TODAY complains that the crime bill doesn't ban assault weapons. But the
National Rifle Association is right. It is people who kill people, not guns.
Thus this law needs to be tough on criminals, not weapons.

USA TODAY also whines about this bill having only a five-day waiting period for
handgun purchases instead of seven days. Picky, picky, picky. Forty-eight more
hours will make no difference at all. None. Trust me.

USA TODAY grouses because this bill limits state prisoners' appeals to federal
courts regarding their convictions. But the idea of unlimited appeals procedures
is nuts and much too costly to the American taxpayer. Justice delayed is justice
denied. Convicted criminals should have the law applied to them swiftly and
surely.

USA TODAY carps at the crime bill because it allows ''improperly seized''
evidence to be used in federal courts. But so what? If evidence is seized in
good faith, then it ought to be admissible. No criminals should get off because
of stupid, quibbling technicalities. No way.

Last, and certainly least, USA TODAY ridicules the crime bill because it calls
for the death penalty for the murder of, among others, chicken inspectors. But
this is a cheap shot. These inspectors are included because these are federal
jobs.

This crime bill, to be sure, isn't perfect. But it makes a lot more sense than
USA TODAY's arguments against it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Today's debate is on the Crime Bill and whether it is better
is off alive or dead.; OPPOSING VIEW; Crime bill isn't perfect, but it makes
more sense than editorial arguments against it.; John Lofton is a Laurel, Md.,
free-lance writer and former newspaper editor.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 3, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

How USA regions differ

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 96 words


Violent crime (1)       West  7.2
(per 10,000 students)   Midwest   6.1 per

South 7.8

Northeast 6.5
                        USA   7
   Property crimes (2)     West    292
(per 10,000 students)   Midwest 254

Northeast 237

South 241

USA 254

1 - murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault.
2 - burglary, larceny-theft, motor-vehicle theft.

Source: USA TODAY survey of 494 campuses

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  b/w, USA TODAY.Source: USA TODAY survey of 494 campuses, Stand alone
graphic

DANGEROUS LESSONS; CAMPUS CRIME SERIES; Ribbon Label; CAMPUS-BY-CAMPUS CRIME
STATISTICS; 5

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 23, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Serious Crimes Fall for Third Year, but Experts Warn Against Seeing Trend

BYLINE: By FOX BUTTERFIELD

SECTION: Section A;  Page 14;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 849 words


The number of serious crimes reported to the police declined in 1994 for the
third straight year, according to an F.B.I. report released on Sunday. But
experts cautioned that it would be premature to conclude that crime rates were
exhibiting a long-term downward trend.

Some scholars warned that the new figures masked a coming explosion in violent
crime as the number of teen-agers in the population was about to rise. In recent
years, teen-agers have been increasingly responsible for the violent crimes
committed in the United States.

Police reports of major crimes decreased 3 percent nationally in 1994, with a 4
percent drop in violent crimes reported and a 3 percent decline in property
crimes, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Uniform Crime
Reports. More specifically, the number of murders dropped 5 percent while the
number of robberies declined by 6 percent, the F.B.I. said.

Decreases in reports of serious crimes occurred throughout the nation, with a 5
percent decline in the Northeast, 2 percent in the South and 1 percent in the
Midwest and West.

But Howard Snyder, the director of systems research at the National Center for
Juvenile Justice in Pittsburgh, said that three years was too short a period to
determine whether a tendency had become a trend, at least with regard to crime.

"The figures wiggle from year to year, like the stock market," Mr. Snyder said.
"Crime has been up so high, you'd expect it to go back down."

He pointed out that from 1983 to 1992 there was a 54 percent increase in violent
crimes reported to the police nationwide and that even after the drops of the
past three years the violent crime rate is far higher now than it was a decade
ago. "So it hasn't really changed very much in the past three years," Mr. Snyder
said. "In the long run this may only look like a temporary leveling off."

Mr. Snyder's organization is the the research arm of the National Council of
Juvenile and Family Court Judges.

James Alan Fox, the dean of the College of Criminal Justice at Northeastern
University in Boston, said the latest F.B.I. report might appear to be good news
but "is no reason to celebrate," since the statistics "miss the grim truth."

There are actually two crime trends in the United States, Mr. Fox said: one for
older Americans, which is going down, and one for the young, which is up.

From 1985 to 1993, he said, the homicide rate among adults over age 25 decreased
25 percent. But during the same period the homicide rate among
18-to-24-year-olds jumped 65 percent, and among 14-to-17-year-olds it soared 165
percent.

This is particularly alarming, Mr. Fox said, because the number of young people
in the United States will climb sharply in the next few years, with 23 percent
more teen-agers by 2005.

"We are in the calm before the crime storm," he predicted.

He said he was concerned that the F.B.I. report would make some people
complacent and provide further support for efforts by Republicans in Congress to
cut off financing for violence-prevention programs as they seek to undo the 1994
Crime Act. "Unless we act now, while our children are still young and
impressionable, we may indeed have a blood bath of teen violence by the year
2005," Mr. Fox said.

In addition to murder and robbery, the F.B.I. report examines six other
categories of crimes: rape, aggravated assault, burglary, larceny, automobile
theft and arson. The 3 percent overall drop in serious crimes in 1994 followed a
2 percent decline in 1993 and and a 3 percent decrease in 1992, according to the
report.

Among urban areas, the largest drop in all serious crimes in 1994 -- 6 percent
-- occurred in cities with more than 1 million residents, while small cities of
10,000 to 24,999 people showed no change in crimes reported. Crime also remained
level in the suburbs. In rural counties, it increased 1 percent.

In New York City, the number of murders dropped to 1,561 in 1994 from 1,946 in
1993, while the number of robberies fell to 72,540 from 86,001, the F.B.I
reported. A similar decline took place in Los Angeles, where murders declined to
846 in 1994 from 1,076 in 1993, and in Washington, where the number of reported
murders fell to 399 from 454.

But in New Orleans, which has had the nation's highest homicide rate for the
last two years, the number of homicides rose to 425 in 1994 from 395 in 1993.

Law-enforcement experts are divided on why there has been such a sharp decrease
in violent crime among adults age 25 and older. Some authorities speculate, for
example, that the increase in the number of criminals in prison means that more
repeat offenders are being kept off the street. Since 1980, the number of
inmates in local, state and Federal prisons has more than doubled, to 1.5
million.

At the same time, Mr. Fox said, the number of young people growing up in
poverty, in single-parent homes and in troubled neighborhoods with more guns and
drugs available has been increasing, leading to the jump in crime among those
under 24 years old. They are not deterred by longer jail sentences, he said.


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 26, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

F.B.I. CRIME INDEX ROSE BY 6% IN 1986

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 627 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 24


The national crime index published by the Federal Bureau of Investigation rose 6
percent last year to the highest point since 1981, the Government reported
today. Some researchers say the development may signal rising crime levels for
the rest of the decade.

The total number of serious offenses reported to the police was 13.2 million in
1986, with violent crime up 12 percent from 1985 and crime involving property,
up 6 percent. The index, based on data gathered by the bureau from 16,000 police
departments around the country. has now risen for two consecutive years, with
increases in 1986 in 44 of the 50 states.

In 1981, the index's peak year, 13.4 million crimes were reported.

A 15 percent increase occurred last year in aggravated assaults, which rose more
than 100,000, to 834,000. The number of burglaries, larcenies and thefts was up
nearly half a million, year, to 10.5 million.

More Are Willing to Report

Some of the increase can be attributed to a greater willingness by citizens to
report crime in recent years, but it may also suggest that there is more crime
over all, reversing a downward trend that began six years ago.

A Government survey in which members of households were questioned earlier this
year showed that crime generally, whether reported to the police or not,
remained relatively stable last year. But that survey also showed slight
increases in robberies and burglaries.

Commenting on the crime data, Alfred Blumstein, dean of the School of Urban and
Public Affairs at Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh, said, ''We may well
be seeing the start five years early of the increase that many of us anticipated
would begin in the 1990's.''

Rise in Crime Predicted

Researchers have predicted that crime levels will increase in the next decade as
children of the baby boom generation reach the most crime-prone age group, the
late teens and early 20's.

Charles M. Friel, dean of the College of Criminal Justice and director of the
Criminal Justice Center at Sam Houston State University in Huntsville, Tex.,
said the criminal justice system did not have the resources to deal with rising
crime levels.

He said some probation and parole officers had caseloads of 300 offenders or
more, resulting in ''a breakdown in proper supervision'' that increasingly
''puts the public at risk.''

According to the F.B.I.'s new figures, more than a third of all serious offenses
reported to the police last year were committed in the South, where crime levels
moved up 10.1 percent from 1985.

Crime was up 2.6 percent in the Northeast, 4 percent in the Midwest and 5.8
percent in the West.

Biggest Rise in Cities

Crime was up 6 percent in suburban counties, 4 percent in rural counties and 7
percent in the cities.

The six states where crime index levels went down were Maine, Indiana, North
Dakota, Delaware, Montana and Nevada.

Nationally, the number of murders and robberies each rose about 9 percent, with
20,613 murders and more than half a million robberies, and there was a 3.2
percent increase in the number of forcible rapes, to 90,000.

Burglaries went up 5.5 percent to a total of 3.2 million. There were 7.3 million
crimes, for a 4.8 percent rise, in the larceny-thefts category, which includes
shoplifting, purse-snatching and pocket-picking but excludes embezzlement and
forgery.

The amount of violent crime rose 45 percent from 1977 to 1986 while property
crime went up 18 percent in that time, according to the F.B.I. data.

More than one in every five reported offenses was solved by the police last
year, including nearly half the violent crime and 17 percent of the property
crime. The police closed the files on 70 percent of the murders but solved only
14 percent of the burglaries.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 12, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

SPEED OF CALL FOR HELP STRESSED

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 350 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 11


The police have little chance of arresting a criminal on the scene unless they
are alerted within one minute of the crime, a report prepared for the Justice
Department said today.

The federally financed study said that police departments might be misdirecting
their efforts by concentrating on ways to reduce response time instead of
focusing on reducing delays in reporting crimes.

A one-minute delay in alerting the law can frustrate apprehension efforts, the
report said. ''For the crimes in which there is citizen involvement, the citizen
must call the police within one minute, or the likelihood of response-related
arrest drops dramatically.''

The 216-page report, ''Calling the Police: Citizen Reporting on Serious Crime,''
is based on research of more than 4,000 victims, witnesses and bystanders in
3,000 serious crimes, such as rape, robbery, assault and burglary.

The three-year study was conducted by the Police Executive Research Forum of
Washington in Jacksonville, Fla., Peoria, Ill., Rochester and San Diego. The
National Institute of Justice, the Justice Department's research center,
provided $530,000 for the study, and the department made it public.

The study found emergency phone numbers of ''marginal value'' because people
were often unsure of when they should use them.  People often delay reporting
crimes because they debate whether to make the call and then have difficulty
finding a telephone and knowing whom to dial, it said.

The report recommended that police departments improve screening of people
reporting crimes by phone and reduce the inconvenience to citizens.

It said that in ''involvement'' crimes, those in which the victim is confronted
by the offender, the police make on-scene arrests in only 29 out of 1,000 cases
because of reporting delays.

''The speed with which the victim or witness requests help can have just as
significant an effect on the ability of the police to solve the crime as the
timing of the police reaction,'' the report said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Violent crime is up in state and nation

BYLINE: Roxana Kopetman and Chris Haire; Staff Writers

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 583 words

ABSTRACT

LDN-L-CRIMERATES | FBI is expected to release updated crime statistics Monday.
Seeking reporter for regional take, to be topped by individual sites. Newly
released FBI data show the number of murders in the U.S. rose nearly 11 percent
last year and violent crime increased by nearly 4 percent, but crime researchers
said homicides and other violence still remain at low rates compared with a
crime wave from 20 years ago. Roxana Kopetman 25"; with local factboxes per site
Photo: File ETA: Live for web; 6 pm for print

FULL TEXT

Violent crimes increased in California and across the nation in the past year,
according to FBI data released Monday.

But the number of murders and assaults, among other violence, still remains well
below historic peaks.

Still, murder increased nearly 11 percent nationwide in 2015.

In California, there were 9.5 percent more murders than the year before,
according to data provided by local law enforcement agencies to the FBI's
Uniform Crime Reporting Program.

The program compiles data on murders, aggravated assault, car thefts and other
crimes.

In California, the rate of violent crimes per 100,000 people increased to 426.3
from 396.1 the year before.

In San Gabriel Valley cities, violent crime increased by 18.1 percent from 2014
to 2015 and property crimes went up by 9.9 percent during that same period.

The number of violent crimes reported in Pasadena increased by 8.6 percent, and
by 16.9 percent in West Covina. Property crime in those cities increased by 6.5
percent and 5.3 percent, respectively.

El Monte, meanwhile, also saw a 20.1 percent increase in its violent crime rate.

UC Irvine professor Charis Kubrin of the department of criminology, law and
society, cautioned that the numbers may look alarming but "there's no evidence
of a national homicide wave."

Instead, crime trends have held steady, she said.

"It is important to remember that at the end of the day, even with this
increase, we are still lower than 30 years ago," Kubrin said. "In California, if
you look at major cities with populations over 400,000, the state has fared
pretty well."

Los Angeles, for example, saw an uptick in 2015 in murders from the year before,
but the rate has remained at seven murders per 100,000 residents. By

comparison, Kubrin noted, the murder rate in Chicago, Milwaukee, Philadelphia
and other cities is much higher.

A study released last week by the Brennan Center for Justice at New York
University School of Law analyzed crime data from the 30 largest cities in 2015
and found that crime overall remained the same as in 2014, but murder had
increased by 14 percent.

Three cities - Baltimore, Chicago and Washington, D.C. - were responsible for
half of that increase.

Nationwide, agencies reported a nearly 4 percent increase in the number of
violent crimes and a 2.6 percent decrease in the estimated number of property
crimes for 2015, compared with the previous year.

California's violent and property crime rates increased by about 8 percent each
in 2015 compared with 2014.

"It is not uncommon for crime rates to 'bounce around' a bit, and given that we
remain at historically low levels of crime, I wouldn't be too concerned," George
Tita, a UC Irvine professor of criminology, law and society, said in an email.

In this year's report, FBI Director James Comey said the agency is working
toward developing a database chronicling incidents of police use of force.

Staff writers Joshua Sudock, Jeff Collins and Stephanie K. Baer contributed to
this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Violent crime is up in state and nation

BYLINE: Roxana Kopetman and Chris Haire; Staff Writers

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 583 words

ABSTRACT

LDN-L-CRIMERATES | FBI is expected to release updated crime statistics Monday.
Seeking reporter for regional take, to be topped by individual sites. Newly
released FBI data show the number of murders in the U.S. rose nearly 11 percent
last year and violent crime increased by nearly 4 percent, but crime researchers
said homicides and other violence still remain at low rates compared with a
crime wave from 20 years ago. Roxana Kopetman 25"; with local factboxes per site
Photo: File ETA: Live for web; 6 pm for print

FULL TEXT

Violent crimes increased in California and across the nation in the past year,
according to FBI data released Monday.

But the number of murders and assaults, among other violence, still remains well
below historic peaks.

Still, murder increased nearly 11 percent nationwide in 2015.

In California, there were 9.5 percent more murders than the year before,
according to data provided by local law enforcement agencies to the FBI's
Uniform Crime Reporting Program.

The program compiles data on murders, aggravated assault, car thefts and other
crimes.

In California, the rate of violent crimes per 100,000 people increased to 426.3
from 396.1 the year before.

In San Gabriel Valley cities, violent crime increased by 18.1 percent from 2014
to 2015 and property crimes went up by 9.9 percent during that same period.

The number of violent crimes reported in Pasadena increased by 8.6 percent, and
by 16.9 percent in West Covina. Property crime in those cities increased by 6.5
percent and 5.3 percent, respectively.

El Monte, meanwhile, also saw a 20.1 percent increase in its violent crime rate.

UC Irvine professor Charis Kubrin of the department of criminology, law and
society, cautioned that the numbers may look alarming but "there's no evidence
of a national homicide wave."

Instead, crime trends have held steady, she said.

"It is important to remember that at the end of the day, even with this
increase, we are still lower than 30 years ago," Kubrin said. "In California, if
you look at major cities with populations over 400,000, the state has fared
pretty well."

Los Angeles, for example, saw an uptick in 2015 in murders from the year before,
but the rate has remained at seven murders per 100,000 residents. By

comparison, Kubrin noted, the murder rate in Chicago, Milwaukee, Philadelphia
and other cities is much higher.

A study released last week by the Brennan Center for Justice at New York
University School of Law analyzed crime data from the 30 largest cities in 2015
and found that crime overall remained the same as in 2014, but murder had
increased by 14 percent.

Three cities - Baltimore, Chicago and Washington, D.C. - were responsible for
half of that increase.

Nationwide, agencies reported a nearly 4 percent increase in the number of
violent crimes and a 2.6 percent decrease in the estimated number of property
crimes for 2015, compared with the previous year.

California's violent and property crime rates increased by about 8 percent each
in 2015 compared with 2014.

"It is not uncommon for crime rates to 'bounce around' a bit, and given that we
remain at historically low levels of crime, I wouldn't be too concerned," George
Tita, a UC Irvine professor of criminology, law and society, said in an email.

In this year's report, FBI Director James Comey said the agency is working
toward developing a database chronicling incidents of police use of force.

Staff writers Joshua Sudock, Jeff Collins and Stephanie K. Baer contributed to
this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

Report: Pennsylvania one of many states where prison population has declined

BYLINE: By Michael Goldberg mgoldberg@thereporteronline.com @mg_thereporter on
Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Pennsylvania is one of 34 states that have seen a decline in their prison
population in recent years, due mainly to changes in drug, parole and other
policies, according to statistics released this week by The Sentencing Project,
a Washington, D.C.-based organization that advocates for prison and sentencing
reform.

Using data gathered between 1999 and 2013 by the U.S. Bureau of Justice, The
Sentencing Project said that between 2011, its peak year, and 2013,
Pennsylvania's prison population dropped 2.5 percent, which nearly mirrors the
2.4 percent drop in the overall U.S. prison population since 2009.

With a 28.7 percent drop in its prison population since its peak year of 1999,
New Jersey is tops among nine states (including New York, California, Michigan,
Colorado and Hawaii) that have experienced double-digit declines during the
14-year span, statistics show.

"Just as mass incarceration has developed primarily as a result of changes in
policy, not crime rates, so too have declines reflected changes in both policy
and practice," The Sentencing Project said.

Such changes, the organization explained, include reforms in the sentencing of
drug offenders; a reduction in the number of people incarcerated for "technical
parole violations" (such as skipping a required meeting with a parole officer or
failing a urine test); and diversionary programs for people convicted of
small-time drug or property crimes.

However, not all states are moving in the direction of decarceration. The prison
population in Arkansas swelled by 17 percent between 2008 and 2013, the highest
of five states (Nebraska, Kansas, Wyoming and Utah are the others) that had
double-digit increases in that time period.

"The overall pace of change ... is quite modest given the scale of
incarceration" in the United States, The Sentencing Project said, noting that
the federal prison population has dropped only 1 percent since its peak year of
2011.

The Sentencing Project said that recent, significant declines in the prison
populations in New Jersey, New York and California "had no adverse effect on
public safety."

In its 2014 study "Fewer Prisoners, Less Crime," which examined crime rates
during the same period prison populations were downsized in those three states,
The Sentencing Project determined that "during their periods of decarceration,
violent crime rates fell at a greater rate ... than they did nationwide."

The report concluded that "criminal justice policies, and not crime rates, are
the prime drivers of changes in prison populations," additionally citing a 2014
National Research Council Report that posited, "The best single proximate
explanation of the rise in incarceration is not rising crime rates, but the
policy choices made by legislators to greatly increase the use of imprisonment
as a response to crime."

"While some political leaders warn of a 'crime wave' when prison population
reductions are considered, such talk ignores the complexity of how public safety
is produced," The Sentencing Project argued. "Incarceration is a limited factor
among many that shape public safety."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           February 17, 2007 Saturday

Richmond, Oakland crime surge swelling

BYLINE: By Betsy Mason and Cassandra Braun, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 860 words


A baffling drop in crime rates nationwide in the 1990s has researchers grasping
for answers to explain a recent surge in violent crime in some cities, including
Oakland and Richmond.

The usual suspects often linked to falling crime rates -- economic growth,
increased imprisonment rates, access to legal abortions and aggressive police
activity -- seem to match the 40 percent drop in homicides and robberies between
1993 and 2000 in some cities and countries, but not in other places.

This leaves criminologists short of good predictive indicators for crime rates.

Nobody predicted the crimebust. Most forecasts were for a dangerous crime wave
caused by a swelling youth population.

"We have the lousiest set of crystal balls in the social sciences," said
University of California, Berkeley, criminologist Franklin Zimring, who
presented his research at the annual American Association for the Advancement of
Science meeting Friday.

"Our predictive tools by and large stink," he said.

Reasons behind the recent rise in crime in some East Bay cities are just as
elusive.

While most large cities experiencing more violent crime lately are in the
Midwest, Oakland had the largest surge in homicides. In the first half of 2006,
the most recent period with available statistics, Oakland had 66 homicides, far
above the 37 in the first half of 2005.

"That's a 78 percent increase, which is astonishingly large," said Alfred
Blumstein, operations researcher at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University.

He said it is too soon to say whether the rise is the start of a new wave of
violent crime. The fact that the national homicide rate rose by a modest 2.5
percent in 2005 may be a sign the surge in Oakland and other cities is more of a
blip than a trend.

The surge is especially surprising at a time when, unlike many Midwestern cities
with rising crime, the Bay Area's economy is stable, imprisonment rates are flat
and the number of young people is low. Crime did not jump in some cities, such
as San Jose and San Francisco.

Richmond has seen a slow, but steady rise in homicides since 2001, which
officials are equally at a loss to explain.

The city has long been on the shortlist of most dangerous cities, but even
Richmond saw crime rates fall in the 1990s said city crime analyst Perry Austin.

Homicides peaked at 61 in 1991, with roughly one every six days. It dropped the
next year to 46. The city's lowest rates were in 1998 and 2001, with 18 a year.

Authorities don't know how to explain the city's crime trough of the late'90s,
but they have a clearer theory on the city's peak of violence before the
decline.

In the mid-to-late'80s, police jailed the city's drug kingpins, leaving a vacuum
for street-level drug dealers to fill. Once the crack epidemic hit, street
dealers had more access to bigger guns and more at stake to defend turf.

Similar forces are believed to be the main cause of a sharp U.S. rise in crime
in the 1980s. A major effort to jail crack dealers left a void filled by younger
criminals with guns and less self-restraint.

Much of the escalating crime involved young African-American men, guns and
drugs. Between 1985 and 1993, murder rates tripled among 15-year-olds and
doubled among people under 20. At the same time, gun use in homicides grew five
times for people age 18 and under.

Violent U.S. crime began an unprecedented drop in 1993. It was extra dramatic in
New York City, with a 75 percent drop in 1991 to 2004.

Politicians and police chiefs alike have tried to take credit for cutting crime,
but other places, such as Canada, which saw a crime drop similar to that of the
U.S., didn't experience any of the forces put forth as reasons for drops in New
York and the rest of the country.

While the U.S. put a million more people behind bars, Canada's numbers fell. The
number of U.S. police rose, and Canada's fell. The U.S. economy boomed while
Canada's fluctuated.

The two countries share some demographic trends, but similar trends weren't
accompanied by a reduction in crime in the 1980s.

The picture is cloudy for Richmond too, Austin said.

"We can look at broad base things like economics, opportunities and education,
but then you see a lot of people who don't buy into the culture."

Even if there were jobs for young Richmond adults, it would be hard to enter the
work force with a criminal record, much less no resume.

"Some of these people have never worked. Some people are almost 30 and list
'Never worked' when they're jailed. I mean, you can't list 'street-level drug
runner.'"

Despite not knowing why crime rates are changing, there is reason for optimism,
Zimring said. Nothing major changed in New York during its crime drop years,
which means it doesn't take wholesale change to make a major impact on crime.

"If New York City can do it, so can other cities," he said. "The problem is, we
don't have the detailed recipe."

One way to find some of the ingredients would be to experiment. Richmond would
be ideal for that because it is a rare small city with a life-threatening
environment.

"If you wanted to spend $75 million to turn a police department upside down and
evaluate the consequences, you could do it there," Zimring said.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            October 30, 2006, Monday

St. Louis most dangerous city, Violent crimes in the Midwest jumped 20 percent
from 2004 to last year

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER LEONARD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 506 words


THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

ST. LOUIS - A surge in violence made St. Louis the most dangerous city in the
country, leading a trend of violent crimes rising much faster in the Midwest
than in the rest of nation, according to an annual list.

The city has long fared poorly in the rankings of the safest and most dangerous
American cities compiled by Morgan Quitno Press. Violent crime surged nearly 20
percent in St. Louis from 2004 to last year, when the rate of such crimes rose
most dramatically in the Midwest, according to FBI figures released in June.

"It's just sad the way this city is," resident Sam Dawson said. "On the news you
hear killings, someone's been shot."

The ranking, being released Monday, came as the city was still celebrating
Friday's World Series victory at the new Busch Stadium. St. Louis has been
spending millions of dollars on urban renewal even as the crime rate climbs.

Mayor Francis Slay did not return calls to his office seeking comment Sunday.

Scott Morgan, president of Morgan Quitno Press, a private research and
publishing company specializing in state and city reference books, said he was
not surprised to see St. Louis top the list, since it has been among the 10 most
dangerous cities for years.

The study looks at crime only within St. Louis city limits, with a population of
about 330,000, Morgan said. It doesn't take into account the suburbs in St.
Louis County, which has roughly 980,000 residents.

Visiting St. Louis on Thursday, FBI director Robert Mueller said it was too
early to tell why some types of crime were rising faster in the Midwest.

Mueller said the FBI is working harder to form partnerships with police
departments to launch programs like St. Louis' Safe Streets task force, which
focuses police efforts on problematic neighborhoods.

The safest city in 2005 was Brick, N.J., with a population about 78,000,
followed by Amherst, N.Y., and Mission Viejo, Calif. The second most dangerous
city was Detroit, followed by Flint, Mich., and Compton, Calif.

The bad news for St. Louis was good for Camden, N.J., which in 2005 was named
the most dangerous city for the second year in a row.

Camden Mayor Gwendolyn Faison said Sunday she was thrilled to learn that her
city no longer topped the most-dangerous list.

"You made my day!" said Faison, who has served since 2000. "There's a new hope
and a new spirit."

Cities are ranked based on more than just their crime rate, Morgan said.
Individual crimes such as rape or burglary are measured separately, compared to
national averages and then compiled to give a city its ranking. Crimes are
weighted based on their level of danger.

The national FBI figures released in June showed the murder rate in St. Louis
jumped 16 percent from 2004 to 2005, compared with 4.8 percent nationally. The
overall violent crime rate increased nearly 20 percent, compared with 2.5
percent nationally.

While crime increased in all regions last year, the 5.7 percent rise in the 12
Midwestern states was at least three times higher than any other region,
according to the FBI.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               April 06, 2002, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Crime rate increases in bay area

BYLINE: ANITA KUMAR

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 743 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Florida's crime rate, which has fallen steadily in recent years, continued to
drop to its lowest level in 29 years while increasing throughout the Tampa Bay
area.

The statewide crime rate, including violent crimes, fell 0.4 percent in 2001
compared to the year before, decreasing for the 10th straight year, according to
statistics released Friday by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.

State officials attributed the reduction to stricter consequences for convicts,
better prevention programs and more citizens reporting crimes.

And they said the news is especially significant when factoring the added
pressure anthrax scares and terrorist attacks put on officers fielding an extra
12,000 calls after Sept. 11.

"I suggest that's real progress by any standard," FDLE Commissioner Tim Moore
said. "We're doing something right in the state of Florida. We're doing a lot
right."

In the Tampa Bay area, the overall crime rate rose in Pinellas by 1.07 percent
and 0.88 percent in Hillsborough. That's in contrast to other metropolitan
areas, such as Miami-Dade County, that saw crime rates drop.

"Without question, the statistics are going up. But not all is gloom and doom,"
said Clearwater police Chief Sid Klein. "Our clearance rates are going up. We're
solving more crimes."

In Pinellas, crime virtually stayed the same in St. Petersburg but rose in other
cities including Clearwater and Gulfport, which saw increases of 14 percent and
15 percent, respectively.

Crime rose more sharply along the North Suncoast: 3.5 percent in Pasco, 4.78 in
Citrus and 8.6 percent in Hernando, where officials suspected the increase could
be linked to the opening of the Suncoast Parkway.

"We've never had this type of access to the heart of our county," Hernando
Sheriff's Office Chief Deputy Michael Hensley said.

The statewide statistics, released each year, use numbers compiled by 411 law
enforcement agencies throughout the state, including all 67 sheriff's offices.

Gov. Jeb Bush has in the past released the findings with much fanfare at the
Capitol, but on Friday Moore announced them at FDLE headquarters. Bush, busy
trying to referee feuding legislators, was noticeably absent.

While the crime rate dropped, the actual number of crimes increased slightly.
Violent crimes were up by 1.8 percent, and nonviolent crimes increased by 1.7
percent.

Florida's population increased by about 350,000 last year, or 2.2 percent,
compared to 2000, and states calculate crime rates based on population for
comparative purposes. Crime rates are based on the number of crimes reported per
100,000 residents.

"This is no time to claim the war on crime is over," said Jerry Blair, state
attorney for the Third Judicial Circuit in the northwest part of the state. "A
great deal remains to be done."

Law enforcement officials attribute the crime reduction to a robust economy,
citizens more willing to patrol streets and call police when they witness
crimes, and longer sentences like the "10-20-Life" law that increases time for
criminals who use guns.

"We don't have the revolving-door prison system that we had before," said
Pinellas County Sheriff Everett Rice. "When people are sent to prison, they're
doing their time. I think it's a deterrent."

Florida reported 911,292 crimes in 2001, including 867 murders, a decrease of
2.6 percent. Almost a quarter of the murders were tied to domestic violence,
though, up almost 15 percent. Violent crimes committed by firearms showed a
slight increase of 5.6 percent.

A crime occurs once every 35 seconds in Florida, and a violent crime every four
minutes and seconds.

Arrests increased 4.5 percent over the previous year. Drug-related arrests
accounted for 14.3 percent of the total, the highest single category.

Nationally, a decadelong drop in crime has leveled off in the past couple of
years. But law enforcement officials fear that a sagging economy and a
demographic rise in the number of young people could drive crime rates upward in
the future.

"There's a definite correlation between the economy, the unemployment rate and
crime rates," St. Petersburg police Chief Chuck Harmon said. "Local law
enforcement can have an impact on crime. However, other larger factors tend to
affect the crime rate."

- Times staff writers Mike Brassfield and Jamie Jones contributed to this
report.

TEXT OF CHARTS ACCOMPANYING STORY NOT PROVIDED FOR ELECTRONIC LIBRARY. PLEASE
SEE MICROFILM.


LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART, (2); MAP; COUNTING CRIME: Chart lists Pinellas County crime
statistics for 2000 and 2001; Chart lists Florida crime statistics for 2000 and
2001. Features drawing of a man breaking into an automobile; Map shows the
percentage change in the crime rates in the five counties of the Tampa Bay area
from 2000 to 2001.

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    January 26, 2000 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

TENT SEARCHES RULED ILLEGAL BY APPEALS COURT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 619 words


SAN FRANCISCO - A camper's tent may be his castle even if he's an illegal
marijuana grower and officers shouldn't enter without a warrant, says a federal
appeals court.

The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned on Monday the drug and
conspiracy convictions of a man arrested in 1997 by federal agents who had found
his name on a prescription bottle in a tent on government land in southwest
Idaho.

Rodrigo Sandoval, sentenced to more than nine years in federal prison, said the
search was illegal because the agents lacked a warrant and were not acting in an
emergency. U.S. District Judge Edward Lodge had upheld the search, saying a tent
on Bureau of Land Management land doesn't have the same privacy protections as a
home.

In a 3-0 ruling, the appeals court said the tent was a private area,
constitutionally protected from warrantless government searches.

Sacramento

Major crimes down in state, new report says

Fewer major crimes were committed in the first nine months of 1999 than during
the same period the year before, newly released statistics show.

The California Crime Index, which tracks the number of major crimes in areas
with 100,000 or more people, showed a 14.7 percent decline in violent crime and
property offenses.

The rate of violent crimes murder, rape, robbery and assault dropped by 8.8
percent. Property crimes, including burglary and car thefts, dropped by 18
percent.

Much of the decline can be attributed to the state's booming economy, said
Attorney General Bill Lockyer, whose department compiled the index.

Crime statistics for all of 1999 will be released in March.

Burlingame

Hepatitis B reportedly spreads at care home

Fifty-one residents of a Burlingame nursing home are infected with the hepatitis
B virus, a San Mateo County health officer said.

A woman in her 80s was the only patient at SunBridge Care and Rehabilitation to
show symptoms of the illness, which causes fatigue, abdominal pain, nausea and
jaundice.

A spokeswoman for the nursing home's owner, Sun Healthcare Corp., said the
report is inaccurate. But the spokeswoman, Karen Gilliland, said she would not
comment further because the investigation is continuing.

Local, state and federal health officials are investigating why, they say, the
elderly patients were infected among the 150 tested.

County health officer Dr. Scott Morrow said so many cases in a single location
is unusual. The virus, which can be passed through needles and other medical
equipment, is rare in nursing homes.

SunBridge Care and Rehabilitation reviewed its procedures for controlling
infections and decided they were effective, said Gilliland.

Los Angeles

Rodney King suit for $1 million dismissed

A judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by Rodney King against a former lawyer
accused of mismanaging the $3.8 million settlement awarded to King for a police
beating caught on video and broadcast worldwide.

Superior Court Judge Ann Kough on Friday dismissed the case against attorney
Steve Lerman in a summary judgment. The judge ruled that King's 1996 lawsuit
seeking more than $1 million from Lerman was filed after a one-year statute of
limitations had expired.

"He had a bogus case against me, and I would've been vindicated at trial,"
Lerman said Tuesday. "I helped him become a civil rights symbol.

"When he said, Can we all just get along?' that was at the back of my building."

Renee Campbell, an attorney for King, said her client would appeal. The statute
of limitations can be extended up to three years in some circumstances, Campbell
said Tuesday.

Wire reports

For the full stories go to www.hotcoco.com, click on Quickword and then "state"
or "bay."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              March 10, 1999, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Gun suits draw fire in House

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; IN BRIEF; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 622 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; JARRATT, Va.; CAMBRIDGE, Mass.



With a slap at Chicago's lawsuit against gun manufacturers, Rep. Bob Barr,
R-Ga., introduced legislation Tuesday that would prevent cities and states from
filing such suits to recover damages from gun-related crimes.

Countering Barr, Rep. Rod Blagojevich, D-Ill., said he will offer a bill that
would permit such suits. Five cities - Miami-Dade County, New Orleans, Chicago,
Atlanta and Bridgeport, Conn. - have filed suits against gunmakers.

The Illinois congressman said his legislation would clear up a constitutional
problem with such suits by allowing individuals who are victims of gun crimes to
sue manufacturers on behalf of cities or states.

The Georgia General Assembly, reacting to the Atlanta suit, enacted legislation
last month prohibiting cities from suing gun manufacturers and distributors.

Virginia executes man

for killing store owner

JARRATT, Va. - A man who killed an electrical supply company owner during a
burglary was executed by injection Tuesday.

George Quesinberry Jr., 37, was put to death for the September 1989 murder of
Thomas Haynes. Quesinberry and a friend broke into the store's office and were
rummaging through desks when Haynes showed up.

Haynes, 63, fled but Quesinberry chased him, shot him twice and struck him in
the head with the handgun, fracturing his skull.

In Missouri, a man was scheduled to be executed early today for holding a prison
guard while other inmates stabbed him to death during a riot in 1983.

Roy "Hog" Roberts was serving a sentence for armed robbery at the time of the
riot.

Appeals court orders

Cisneros to stand trial

WASHINGTON - A federal appeals court Tuesday upheld an independent counsel's
right to bring former housing secretary Henry Cisneros to trial on charges that
he lied to the FBI about paying $ 250,000 in hush money to a former mistress.

The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals left intact all 18 charges against Cisneros,
who is accused of trying to conceal details of the payments from the FBI, before
and after his 1993 confirmation as housing secretary.

A three-judge panel unanimously rejected Cisneros' bid to have the charges
thrown out on the grounds that the federal law prohibiting false statements to
law enforcement officers does not apply to information provided during FBI
background checks.

Sexual assault decision

revives date rape debate

CAMBRIDGE, Mass. - Harvard faculty voted Tuesday to dismiss a student who
admitted sexually assaulting a classmate in a case that sparked a campus debate
on whether date rape was treated seriously enough.

D. Drew Douglas was dismissed, a punishment akin to expulsion, after faculty
rejected a lesser punishment of withdrawal that would have allowed him to
petition for readmission.

A large number of the 250 faculty members who attended voted to dismiss. The
exact vote was not announced. All 650 of the College of Arts and Science had
been invited.

Douglas pleaded guilty last year in criminal court to battery and indecent
assault, or improper sexual touching. The school's administrative board
investigated and found the then-sophomore had committed an act of rape.

About 250 students gathered to protest that the faculty would even consider a
lesser punishment.

Douglas and the unidentified woman were friends when they spent a night together
in April. The woman later complained to the college's administrative board,
which then investigated. Douglas and the woman agreed that he assaulted her
while she slept, the Boston Globe reported.

He was sentenced to 5 years probation, including 18 months under house arrest at
home in Wisconsin.

Several professors said considering withdrawal was appropriate in light of the
type of sexual assault that took place.


LOAD-DATE: March 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 14, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Cause of crime drop difficult to pinpoint

BYLINE: Haya El Nasser; Susan Gvozdas

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1157 words


The graying of America is helping push down the crime rate. But
experts warn that as more children become teen-agers, the age
group most prone to violence, the rate could go up again.

Violent crime plunged 12.4% in 1995, according to a Justice Department
report released Sunday.

"Clearly some of the drop in crime we're seeing now is attributable
to aging baby boomers," says James Fox, dean of the college of
criminal justice at Northeastern University in Boston. But "there
are 39 million children under age 10. Things may get worse in
the years ahead because of demographics."


The FBI has tracked a decline in youth violence, but experts have
been unable to pinpoint a reason for the drop. They suspect that
precinct offices in schools and mentoring programs may be having
an effect. But like Fox, they're not sure the decline will continue.

Susan Howley, with the National Victim Center, an Arlington, Va.-based
rights group, expects the rate to rise.

"A lot more of the violence is perpetrated by juveniles," she
says. "That's why the victims' rights movement will continue
full force."

The current drop in crime may be a result of the tough-on-crime
efforts of the 1990s as well as the aging of boomers, the experts
say.

Tougher sentencing laws are putting more people in prison. The
number of Americans behind bars has doubled in the last 10 years
to more than 1 million, Fox says.

"And like never before, you see more grass-roots efforts in communities
and schools," he says. "There are even efforts to change the
nature of television."

But victims' rights groups say that many crime surveys are not
keeping up with new forms of criminal activity, especially Internet
crimes.

"The types of crimes are changing," says Marlene Young, executive
director of the National Organization for Victim Assistance in
Washington, D.C. "People are having more access in more ways.
There are 4,000 people out on the Internet actively soliciting
young victims."



Largest drop in crime since survey's inception

Violent crime in the USA fell 12.4% in 1995, according to a Justice
Department survey of crime victims. That's the largest decline
since the survey by the Bureau of Justice Statistics began in
1973.

                                                             '94-95
Crime                   1992     1993     1994     1995       change
Violent crimes          49.0     51.3     50.8     44.5       -12.4%
 Rape                    2.9      2.3      2.0      1.6       -20.0%
 Robbery                 6.1      6.1      6.1      5.3       -13.1%
 Assault                40.0     42.9     42.7     37.6       -11.9%
 Personal theft          1.8      2.4      2.3      1.7       -26.1%
Property crimes        325.3    322.1    307.6    279.5        -9.1%
 Household burglary     58.6     59.9     54.4     47.4       -12.9%
 Motor vehicle theft    18.5     19.6     17.5     16.2        -7.4%
 Theft                 248.2    242.6    235.7    215.9        -8.4%
Rates of violent crime, by victim group
Rates are per 1,000 people 12 and older:
                                                            '94-95
Sex                  1992     1993     1994      1995       change
 Male                59.5      60.9     59.6      53.2      -10.7%
 Female              39.1      42.3     42.5      36.4      -14.4%
Age groups
 12-15               114.1      120.6    114.8    107.1      -6.7%
 16-19               107.3      116.8    121.7    107.7     -11.5%
 20-24                98.3       93.6     99.2     78.8     -20.6%
 25-34                57.7       58.6     60.9     54.7     -10.2%
 35-49                38.6       42.5     39.5     33.8     -14.4%
 50-64                13.4       17.1     15.1     14.0      -7.3%
 65/older              5.1        5.5      5.1      5.9      +15.7%
Race/ethnicity
 White                  47.8      49.7     49.4      43.1   -12.8%
 Black                  57.3      66.1     61.8      55.4   -10.4%
 Other                  49.5      39.4     47.5      40.9   -13.9%
 Hispanic               55.6      59.1     59.8      53.4   -10.7%
Annual household income
 Under $7,500            80.9     88.5     83.6      71.0    -15.1%
 $7,500-$14,999          55.1     57.4     58.6      48.4    -17.4%
 $15,000-$24,999         56.5     50.6     49.9      47.7     -4.4%
 $25,000-$34,999         47.7     49.7     49.3      46.4     -5.9%
 $35,000-$49,999         43.0     49.1     46.8      44.2     -5.6%
 $50,000-$74,999         39.9     45.7     46.1      42.7     -7.4%
 $75,000 or more         38.1     38.1     40.0      36.2     -9.5%
Region
 Northeast               36.4     42.4     39.3      38.5     -2.0%
 Midwest                 51.4     56.8     53.3      45.2    -15.2%
 South                   38.2     41.2     43.6      38.4    -11.9%
 West                    72.5     69.7     71.0      59.7    -15.9%
Residence
 Urban                   61.2     68.8     63.6      56.8     -10.7%
 Suburban                48.0     45.8     49.6      42.1     -15.1%
 Rural                   38.2     42.1     39.2      34.9     -11.0%

Source: National Crime Victimization Survey of 100,000 households
by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, U.S. Justice Department.
Respondents were 12 or older.

Reported by Susan Gvozdas, USA TODAY

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                November 26, 1996, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

LAW AND ORDER;
Victim of shooting is identified

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 05B

LENGTH: 533 words


DeKalb County police have identified a 23-year-old man found shot to death
Sunday in the parking lot of a Lithonia townhouse. Cameron Antroine Samuels of
Decatur was found dead about 7:20 p.m. Sunday in the 100 block of Willowick
Drive, said DeKalb police Lt. Mac Worthington. Worthington said it appeared the
man apparently was shot in an exchange of gunfire inside one of the townhouses.
A handgun was found in the parking lot near the body. Police charged a resident
of the townhouse, Brandon Grant, 22, with carrying a concealed weapon and
possession of less than an ounce of suspected marijuana, both misdemeanors,
Worthington said, but he has not been charged with the slaying.

ATLANTA Danger ranking

The size of a police force doesn't correspond to the safety of the city, says a
Money magazine survey that ranked Atlanta the second most dangerous city in the
nation. Amherst, N.Y., was rated the safest. A nationwide telephone poll of 501
people, conducted in October for Money magazine by Roper Starch, found the issue
that respondents feared most was that someone will break into their home.
Two-thirds of those surveyed said burglary was a serious or somewhat serious
threat. Other crimes named included car theft, robbery, aggravated assault,
rape, 48.5 percent and murder. The magazine then asked Morgan Quitno, a research
firm based in Lawrence, Kan., that specializes in crime statistics, to identify
the safest and most dangerous cities in the United States by adjusting the FBI's
1995 crime statistics to give greater emphasis to the crimes that respondents
considered most threatening. The 10 most dangerous cities were: Newark; Atlanta;
St. Louis; New Orleans; Detroit; Baltimore; Miami; Washington; Flint, Mich.; and
Birmingham. The 10 safest cities, in descending order, were: Amherst; Thousand
Oaks, Calif.; Irvine, Calif.; Simi Valley, Calif.; Sunnyvale, Calif.; Virginia
Beach, Va.; Livonia, Mich.; Plano, Texas; Madison, Wis.; and Mesquite, Texas.
The survey appears in the magazine's 1997 Forecast issue, available on
newsstands Dec. 2.

CLAYTON COUNTY Detective arrested

A Clayton County police detective was arrested last week in Fayette County for
misdemeanor stalking of a female Hapeville police officer. Hank Derbyshire, 42,
of Riverdale was arrested Friday and was released after posting $ 500 bond.
Conditions of the bond were that Derbyshire not threaten or talk to Michelle
Meredith, a Hapeville police officer who took out the warrant. Capt. Doug
Jewett, a spokesman for the Clayton County Police Department, said Derbyshire
will continue to work as an investigator of crimes against children while the
department monitors the progress of his case. Derbyshire did not return phone
calls seeking comment.

FULTON COUNTY Jewelry stolen

An undetermined amount of jewelry was stolen from Silver Key, a jewelry store in
Greenbriar Shopping Center on Monday afternoon, according to Fulton County
police. Several males dressed in dark clothing smashed a display case in the
store, grabbed some jewels and fled the shopping center in a grey Cutlass sedan,
said Fulton police Sgt. Samuel F. Patterson. He said no arrests have been made.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 22, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

A literary crime wave hits stores

BYLINE: Cathy Hainer

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 266 words


Millions of readers held captive by murderers and thieves.

No, it's not the lead story on the evening news, but the latest
trend at the nation's bookstores, where the popularity of crime
novels is at an all-time high.

Fourteen of the top 50 on USA TODAY's Best-Selling Books list
are crime novels, such as Mario Puzo's The Last Don, or
novels in which a crime is the fulcrum, such as David Guterson's
Snow Falling on Cedars.

What's behind this literary crime wave?

"Crime is, alas, one of the enduring issues that compromise the
quality of life. When you deal with it in book form, you know
that there will be a resolution," says Stuart Applebaum, senior
vice president of Bantam Doubleday Dell. "In real life, crime
is a subject we can't control. In book form, there's someone in
control, and there's usually a happy ending."

The surge of movies based on crime novels also has influenced
the genre's popularity, says Tracy Taylor, manager of Elliott
Bay Books in Seattle. "Starting with Presumed Innocent
(the 1990 movie based on Scott Turow's novel), the crime and mystery
genre has picked up a lot because of the number of movies being
made from the books."

Sue Grafton, whose "L" Is for Lawless is at No. 8, sees
another reason for the boom in crime and mystery books: "We live
in a TV era, where people are used to storytelling down and dirty.
There are many people who don't have hours to spend reading. Mystery
novels are meant to be read at one sitting . . . . The pace of
the mystery novel fits our fast-paced world."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Carter Blackmar; Sue Grafton: Crime novels fit TV era.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 26, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Crime takes 'significant downturn'

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 249 words


Serious crime in the USA dropped 4% last year - the first yearly dip since 1984,
the FBI said Sunday.

"That's a significant downturn," says William Walsh, Penn State professor of
justice administration. "One should be hopeful but not to the point of throwing
caution to the wind."

Preliminary findings on the FBI's Uniform Crime Report show murders and
burglaries each dropped 6%, larceny-theft and motor vehicle theft 4%, robbery 3%
and arson 2%. But forcible rape and aggravated assault rose 2%.

Since the number of property crimes far outnumber violent crimes, changes in
property crimes generally control changes in the overall crime rate.

Geographically, overall crime dropped 7% in the Northeast, 5% in the Midwest, 4%
in the South and was unchanged in the West.

The decline in crime may be due to more drug offenders being behind bars, says
FBI spokesman Harper Wilson. "Those people involved with drugs won't be stealing
in order to maintain their habits."

Walsh says tougher and uniform sentencing, a full prison population and a decade
of community crime prevention programs also could be factors. "It's a
combination of law enforcement and community activities that may be paying off."

Another factor might be the aging U.S. population, says Thomas Courtless, George
Washington University professor of law and sociology.

"As the average age creeps up, the rate of crimes ought to go down. Older folks
just don't commit crimes as much as younger people," he says.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newsmakers

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 13, 1989, Monday, FINAL EDITION

DEBATE;
Open the books on campus crime

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 482 words


To protect their images and the ''privacy'' of the students involved in crimes,
most colleges conceal information about the numbers and types of crimes that
occur.

They keep it out of the campus newspapers. They keep it from students. They keep
it from parents.

Parents who entrust their children to colleges often have no way to gauge the
dangers that await. Many find out the hardest way possible - with the horrible
news that a child has been harmed.

There's plenty of horrible news to be reported:

- At Syracuse University, there have been five rapes reported since August.

- At the University of Michigan, two students, a junior and a senior, were
stabbed last month.

- At the University of Bridgeport, a 22-year old was shot and killed on Sept. 29
after chasing a non-student who had just shot another student at a fraternity
party.

What makes this tragic news even worse is the number of schools that want to
keep this kind of news a secret.

After the University of Bridgeport murder, the public information officer would
not let reporters see crime statistics compiled by the school's security force.

Kansas State University campus police used to keep two sets of crime logs: one
for themselves and one - without serious crimes listed - for the campus
newspaper. Only pressure from students made them change their minds.

These schools have lots of company. According to some estimates, less than 4% of
higher-education institutions volunteer their information to the FBI's Uniform
Crime Report. And most of the schools that do publish crime statistics don't
give everyone the right to see them.

But as more students and more parents become more outraged over campus crime,
they are forcing more schools to change their secretive ways.

Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Louisiana and Florida all have passed laws that force
schools to publish crime statistics. More states and the Congress are working on
similar laws.

The writer across the page thinks these laws are a bad idea. He says publishing
statistics won't eliminate crime.

But the best way to avoid crime is to know how much of it there is, where it's
happening, and what form it takes. The public must have access to
campus-security records and crime statistics.

Laws making them available are good news - good for students, for their parents,
and for the schools themselves.

The more a campus tries to hide, the worse it looks. The more that students know
about the dangers that are there, the better they can prepare to avoid them.

Parents and students have a right to decide how much risk is too much risk when
they're picking a college.

Students have a right to know how dangerous their campuses are so they can take
precautions.

When the subject is campus crime, what students don't know can hurt them.

TEXT OF CARTOON Remember your job is to protect our image! COLLEGE PRES. CAMPUS
CRIME REPORTS

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON; b/w, David Seavey, USA TODAY (drawing, college president,
security guard with shotgun guarding file cabinet with lock)

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           December 28, 1973, Friday

SECTION: Page 26, Column 1; (UPI)

LENGTH: 135 words

FBI uniform crime rept for 1st 9 mos of '73 issued on Dec 27 shows violent crime
rose 3% and crime overall rose 1%; major rural crime rose 6% and suburban crime
was up 5%; nationally, rape is up 8%, murder up 5%, assault up 5%, robbery had
no change, burglary up 3%, auto theft up 1% and no change in larceny-theft;
serious crime decreased in 71 large cities, including NYC, Los Angeles,
Cleveland, Detroit, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, St Louis and
Washington; crime in Fall River, Mass, dropped 29%, in Lansing, Mich, and
Pasadena, Calif, it was down 22%, in Cleveland, Ohio, and Newark, NJ, it dropped
15%, Baltimore decrease was 12% and Los Angeles 9%; NYC had 1,236 murders in
period, 6 less than last yr; San Francisco murders increased by 31% and Chicago
by 28%; Milwaukee had 91% more rapes

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Violent crime is up in state and nation;
Whittier rates are almost unchanged; La Mirada and Pico Rivera see decreases

BYLINE: Roxana Kopetman and Chris Haire; Staff Writers

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 584 words

ABSTRACT

LDN-L-CRIMERATES | FBI is expected to release updated crime statistics Monday.
Seeking reporter for regional take, to be topped by individual sites. Newly
released FBI data show the number of murders in the U.S. rose nearly 11 percent
last year and violent crime increased by nearly 4 percent, but crime researchers
said homicides and other violence still remain at low rates compared with a
crime wave from 20 years ago. Roxana Kopetman 25"; with local factboxes per site
Photo: File ETA: Live for web; 6 pm for print

FULL TEXT

Violent crimes increased in California and across the nation in the past year,
according to FBI data released Monday.

But the number of murders and assaults, among other violence, still remains well
below historic peaks.

Still, murder increased nearly 11 percent nationwide in 2015.

In California, there were 9.5 percent more murders than the year before,
according to data provided by local law enforcement agencies to the FBI's
Uniform Crime Reporting Program.

The program compiles data on murders, aggravated assault, car thefts and other
crimes.

In California, the rate of violent crimes per 100,000 people increased to 426.3
from 396.1 the year before.

In San Gabriel Valley cities, violent crime increased by 18.1 percent from 2014
to 2015 and property crimes went up by 9.9 percent during that same period.

The number of violent crimes reported in Pasadena increased by 8.6 percent, and
by 16.9 percent in West Covina. Property crime in those cities increased by 6.5
percent and 5.3 percent, respectively.

El Monte, meanwhile, also saw a 20.1 percent increase in its violent crime rate.

UC Irvine professor Charis Kubrin of the department of criminology, law and
society, cautioned that the numbers may look alarming but "there's no evidence
of a national homicide wave."

Instead, crime trends have held steady, she said.

"It is important to remember that at the end of the day, even with this
increase, we are still lower than 30 years ago," Kubrin said. "In California, if
you look at major cities with populations over 400,000, the state has fared
pretty well."

Los Angeles, for example, saw an uptick in 2015 in murders from the year

before, but the rate has remained at seven murders per 100,000 residents. By
comparison, Kubrin noted, the murder rate in Chicago, Milwaukee, Philadelphia
and other cities is much higher.

A study released last week by the Brennan Center for Justice at New York
University School of Law analyzed crime data from the 30 largest cities in 2015
and found that crime overall remained the same as in 2014, but murder had
increased by 14 percent. Three cities - Baltimore, Chicago and Washington, D.C.
- were responsible for half of that increase.

Nationwide, agencies reported a nearly 4 percent increase in the number of
violent crimes and a 2.6 percent decrease in the estimated number of property
crimes for 2015, compared with the previous year.

California's violent and property crime rates increased by about 8 percent each
in 2015 compared with 2014.

"It is not uncommon for crime rates to 'bounce around' a bit, and given that we
remain at historically low levels of crime, I wouldn't be too concerned," George
Tita, a UC Irvine professor of criminology, law and society, said in an email.

In this year's report, FBI Director James Comey said the agency is working
toward developing a database chronicling incidents of police use of force.

Staff writers Joshua Sudock, Jeff Collins and Stephanie K. Baer contributed to
this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

Report: Pennsylvania one of many states where prison population has declined

BYLINE: By Michael Goldberg mgoldberg@thereporteronline.com @mg_thereporter on
Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Pennsylvania is one of 34 states that have seen a decline in their prison
population in recent years, due mainly to changes in drug, parole and other
policies, according to statistics released this week by The Sentencing Project,
a Washington, D.C.-based organization that advocates for prison and sentencing
reform.

Using data gathered between 1999 and 2013 by the U.S. Bureau of Justice, The
Sentencing Project said that between 2011, its peak year, and 2013,
Pennsylvania's prison population dropped 2.5 percent, which nearly mirrors the
2.4 percent drop in the overall U.S. prison population since 2009.

With a 28.7 percent drop in its prison population since its peak year of 1999,
New Jersey is tops among nine states (including New York, California, Michigan,
Colorado and Hawaii) that have experienced double-digit declines during the
14-year span, statistics show.

"Just as mass incarceration has developed primarily as a result of changes in
policy, not crime rates, so too have declines reflected changes in both policy
and practice," The Sentencing Project said.

Such changes, the organization explained, include reforms in the sentencing of
drug offenders; a reduction in the number of people incarcerated for "technical
parole violations" (such as skipping a required meeting with a parole officer or
failing a urine test); and diversionary programs for people convicted of
small-time drug or property crimes.

However, not all states are moving in the direction of decarceration. The prison
population in Arkansas swelled by 17 percent between 2008 and 2013, the highest
of five states (Nebraska, Kansas, Wyoming and Utah are the others) that had
double-digit increases in that time period.

"The overall pace of change ... is quite modest given the scale of
incarceration" in the United States, The Sentencing Project said, noting that
the federal prison population has dropped only 1 percent since its peak year of
2011.

The Sentencing Project said that recent, significant declines in the prison
populations in New Jersey, New York and California "had no adverse effect on
public safety."

In its 2014 study "Fewer Prisoners, Less Crime," which examined crime rates
during the same period prison populations were downsized in those three states,
The Sentencing Project determined that "during their periods of decarceration,
violent crime rates fell at a greater rate ... than they did nationwide."

The report concluded that "criminal justice policies, and not crime rates, are
the prime drivers of changes in prison populations," additionally citing a 2014
National Research Council Report that posited, "The best single proximate
explanation of the rise in incarceration is not rising crime rates, but the
policy choices made by legislators to greatly increase the use of imprisonment
as a response to crime."

"While some political leaders warn of a 'crime wave' when prison population
reductions are considered, such talk ignores the complexity of how public safety
is produced," The Sentencing Project argued. "Incarceration is a limited factor
among many that shape public safety."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

Report: Pennsylvania one of many states where prison population has declined

BYLINE: By Michael Goldberg mgoldberg@thereporteronline.com @mg_thereporter on
Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Pennsylvania is one of 34 states that have seen a decline in their prison
population in recent years, due mainly to changes in drug, parole and other
policies, according to statistics released this week by The Sentencing Project,
a Washington, D.C.-based organization that advocates for prison and sentencing
reform.

Using data gathered between 1999 and 2013 by the U.S. Bureau of Justice, The
Sentencing Project said that between 2011, its peak year, and 2013,
Pennsylvania's prison population dropped 2.5 percent, which nearly mirrors the
2.4 percent drop in the overall U.S. prison population since 2009.

With a 28.7 percent drop in its prison population since its peak year of 1999,
New Jersey is tops among nine states (including New York, California, Michigan,
Colorado and Hawaii) that have experienced double-digit declines during the
14-year span, statistics show.

"Just as mass incarceration has developed primarily as a result of changes in
policy, not crime rates, so too have declines reflected changes in both policy
and practice," The Sentencing Project said.

Such changes, the organization explained, include reforms in the sentencing of
drug offenders; a reduction in the number of people incarcerated for "technical
parole violations" (such as skipping a required meeting with a parole officer or
failing a urine test); and diversionary programs for people convicted of
small-time drug or property crimes.

However, not all states are moving in the direction of decarceration. The prison
population in Arkansas swelled by 17 percent between 2008 and 2013, the highest
of five states (Nebraska, Kansas, Wyoming and Utah are the others) that had
double-digit increases in that time period.

"The overall pace of change ... is quite modest given the scale of
incarceration" in the United States, The Sentencing Project said, noting that
the federal prison population has dropped only 1 percent since its peak year of
2011.

The Sentencing Project said that recent, significant declines in the prison
populations in New Jersey, New York and California "had no adverse effect on
public safety."

In its 2014 study "Fewer Prisoners, Less Crime," which examined crime rates
during the same period prison populations were downsized in those three states,
The Sentencing Project determined that "during their periods of decarceration,
violent crime rates fell at a greater rate ... than they did nationwide."

The report concluded that "criminal justice policies, and not crime rates, are
the prime drivers of changes in prison populations," additionally citing a 2014
National Research Council Report that posited, "The best single proximate
explanation of the rise in incarceration is not rising crime rates, but the
policy choices made by legislators to greatly increase the use of imprisonment
as a response to crime."

"While some political leaders warn of a 'crime wave' when prison population
reductions are considered, such talk ignores the complexity of how public safety
is produced," The Sentencing Project argued. "Incarceration is a limited factor
among many that shape public safety."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 9, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Downward Trend in Crime Continued, Sharply, in 1996

BYLINE: By ANDY NEWMAN

SECTION: Section 13NJ; Page 7; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 608 words


Time to throw away the Club and the pepper spray? Maybe not quite yet, but
reported crime in New Jersey's big suburbs and cities plunged dramatically in
1996. The drop accelerated a decade-long trend in some cases and reversed an
increase in others, according to an analysis by The New York Times of data for
the last seven years.

Although official statewide statistics for 1996 will not be released until
summer, preliminary figures from 8 of the 10 most populous suburbs and 9 of the
10 biggest cities show overall crime falling nearly as much as in the previous
five years combined. The violent crime rate in those suburbs, which had risen by
15 percent from 1990 to 1995, dropped last year by 13 percent.

The drop was felt in city and suburb alike. In Woodbridge, the state's biggest
suburb with a population of 97,000, violent crimes fell 27 percent after
increasing by 59 percent from 1990 to 1995, while in the state's biggest city,
Newark, the violent crime rate fell 16 percent last year after increasing by 3
percent from 1990 to 1995. Murders in the big cities dropped by 15 percent last
year, to 217 from 256.

Though crime dropped considerably faster in New Jersey from 1990 to 1995 (the
last year for which full figures are available) than it did in the nation as a
whole, data from those years show a more mixed picture than the 1996 figures do.
The violent-crime rate, which fell 7 percent statewide from 1990 to 1995,
actually increased in 218 municipalities that are home to 3.8 million people,
nearly half the state's population.

The property crimes of burglary and theft fell more uniformly by a total of 15
percent, compared to the national drop of 10 percent. In 1995, New Jersey had 12
percent less violent crime and 11 percent less property crime than the nation as
a whole.

And though towns and suburbs tend to have much lower crime rates than cities,
smaller is not necessarily safer. Salem, a decaying factory town of 7,000 in the
southwest corner of the state, had more violent crime per capita in 1995 than
Trenton or Paterson. High per-capita crime rates in some other small towns are
linked to large numbers of shoppers or tourists. Paramus, with its enormous
malls, had the second-highest theft rate in the state. Seaside Heights, which
has a year-round population of 2,375 but hordes of summer tourists and bars, had
the highest rate of aggravated assaults.

While criminologists continue to debate whether the nationwide drop in crime
reflects demographic shifts, tougher sentencing laws, new policing tactics or
all three, New Jersey police chiefs said that smarter community policing, new
technology and increases in manpower played a large part in the drop.

"We've done quite a few things different over the last couple of years," said
Chief William Trenery of Woodbridge, citing bicycle patrols that focus on
neighborhoods with high burglary rates, in-car computers that permit officers to
quickly run license-plate checks and a new substation at the Woodbridge Center
Mall.

The Times's analysis used statistics for the four violent crimes (murder, rape,
robbery and aggravated assault) and three property crimes (burglary, larceny and
auto theft) that the F.B.I. uses to calculate the crime rate per 100,000
residents.

The analysis also found that auto thefts in the eight suburbs, which decreased
35 percent from 1990 to 1995, fell another 16 percent last year. Similarly, in
the cities, the auto theft rate fell 33 percent from 1990 to 1995, then dropped
another 12 percent last year. Burglaries in the suburbs fell 10 percent last
year, following a 12 percent drop from 1990 to 1995.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tables: "Safest Places in New Jersey in 1995" lists the towns with the
the lowest violent and property crime rates; "Most Dangerous Places in 1995"
lists the towns with the highest violent and property crime rates; "Beatings,
Stabbings and Shootings," "Thefts," and "Break-Ins" lists the towns with the
highest rates in 1995; "Suburban Crime, 1990-96" and "Urban Crime, 1990-96"
lists the violent and property crime of 9 cities and suburbs.

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 20, 2011 Tuesday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Crime rates continue to fall, FBI reports

BYLINE: By Robert Moran; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 451 words


Despite a grinding recession, reported crime in the United States continues to
fall, the FBI said Monday.

Violent crime was down 6 percent in 2010 - the fourth consecutive yearly
decline, according to the FBI's Uniform Crime Report.

Property crime dropped for the eighth year in a row, down 2.7 percent in 2010.

In Pennsylvania, violent crime fell 3 percent and property crime ticked down 0.5
percent.

New Jersey and Delaware reported small drops in violent crime, but increases in
property crime.

"Everyone anticipated the recession would drive things up, and it hasn't
happened," said Alfred Blumstein, a professor at Carnegie Mellon University's
Heinz School of Public Policy.

Crime trends are easier to discern after a number of years have passed.

The spread of crack cocaine in the late 1980s into the early 1990s saw an
epidemic of violence.

Smarter policing methods developed in New York in the early 1990s played a role
in reducing it, as did the large numbers of people sent to prison.

Around 2000, crime statistics leveled at historic lows and stayed there for
several years.

"Maybe it was as low as it could go," Blumstein said, echoing an observation
made by many criminologists.

Trying to figure out why crime is not spiking during this period of high
unemployment and general economic misery would be "pure speculation," Blumstein
said.

The number of sworn law enforcement officers has fluctuated, shrinking since
2008, before which it had grown substantially, according to the FBI report.

That decline coincides with government agencies struggling to maintain services
while suffering from declining tax revenue.

The number of reported arrests nationally has dropped substantially in recent
years, from 14.4 million in 2006 to 13.1 million in 2010.

A drop in the number of arrests could be attributable to a number of factors,
and not simply because there were fewer reports of crimes.

Blumstein noted that the numbers of blacks arrested had dropped noticeably more
than the numbers for whites.

"I was struck by the difference," he said.

Homicide numbers are difficult to fudge. Pennsylvania recorded a slight drop,
and New Jersey and Delaware had increases in murder and nonnegligent
manslaughter, which is how the FBI defines the category.

All three states reported declines in forcible rapes.

The FBI reported that there were an estimated 1,246,248 violent crimes and
9,082,887 property crimes in the United States in 2010.

The national violent crime rate per 100,000 people was 403.6.

Pennsylvania's rate was 366.2. In New Jersey, the rate was 307.7. In Delaware,
the rate was 620.9.

Contact staff writer Robert Moran at 215-854-5983, bmoran@phillynews.com, or
@RobertMoran215 on Twitter.


LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday
                                  Mars Edition

Hayes: More firefighters, police needed

BYLINE: SUE LOWE, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1259 words


MISHAWAKA - Does Mishawaka have enough police officers and firefighters?

Good question.

Democratic mayoral candidate Mike Hayes and the unions that represent the city's
police and firefighters contend there are too few.

But incumbent Republican Mayor Jeff Rea counters that there are enough for a
city in a tight economy.

A check of Indiana Association of Cities & Towns records for eight cities of
similar size in the state and South Bend shows that the city compares well.

Only three of those cities have more police and fire employees per capita than
Mishawaka. Five have fewer police and fire employees per capita.

But Hayes isn't concerned about the number of police officers and firefighters
compared with the population.

"You can't just base it on population," he said. "I never looked at that."

Hayes said the crime rate is his biggest concern. He pointed to 2006 crime
statistics on the FBI Web site, which lists the rate of property crimes
(burglary, larceny, theft, car theft and arson) for the entire country at an
estimated 3,334.5 crimes per 100,000 inhabitants.

Mishawaka had 3,452 property crimes for 48,818 inhabitants, according to the Web
site.

Hayes said that means the city has double the property crime rate of the entire
country.

The FBI Web site opens with a warning against comparing crime rates for units of
government.

Rea said he doesn't compare the city's crime rates to other areas. He uses the
city's own figures and looks at long-term trends.

Rea said crime has dropped in almost every major category over the last 10
years.

Michael Maltz, a professor in the Department of Criminal Justice at the
University of Illinois at Chicago, has researched the FBI's statistics. He
called looking at a single figure like Hayes has done "ridiculous" and
"misleading."

Maltz looked at the FBI crime statistics for 2003 and 2004 but couldn't find
2005. And he said the statistics show that the rate of property crimes is
falling in Mishawaka.

Maltz also said the national rate covers urban, suburban and rural areas, not
just a single urban city. That national figure is also an estimate.

Police departments are not required to report their crime statistics to the FBI;
they do it voluntarily. And some don't at all.

Mautz said Mishawaka did not reports its statistics to the FBI from 1994 through
1998. That was under former Mayor Robert C. Beutter.

Feeling safe

Hayes also cited the results of a poll taken by Research 2000 of Rockville, Md.,
for The Tribune and WSBT-TV. It says 21 percent of the people polled don't feel
safe in their neighborhood.

Those poll results are a little confusing at first glance.

Only 37 percent of the people polled said the city has enough police officers
and firefighters, while 66 percent feel they are safe in their neighborhoods.

Del Ali, from Research 2000, wasn't surprised by those numbers.

"I think, generally speaking, most people never think there are enough police
and firefighters," he said. "I feel people who say they are safe are saying
they're (police and firefighters) doing a good job."

Hayes is concerned that more traffic to the Saint Joseph Regional Medical Center
being built on Douglas Road will result in more work for both departments.

Cpl. Mark Fedder, president of the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 91, said he
doesn't have any argument with the number of citizens per officer. But he thinks
the city needs more officers because of the number of people from outside the
city who enter it every day to shop in the Grape Road/Main Street corridor.

Doug Gargis, president of the Mishawaka Professional Fire Fighters Union Local
360, said his objection to current staffing is based on recommendations from the
National Fire Protection Association.

He said that organization recommends a minimum of four firefighters on any
engine or ladder company.

Gargis said Mishawaka's two ladder companies and one of the city's four engine
companies have only three firefighters.

Fire Chief Dale Freeman said the city's contract with the firefighters calls for
three firefighters for each engine company and two for each ladder company. So
the staffing exceeds the contract requirements for most of the companies.

Responding to growth

Police and firefighters also say their numbers have not increased in years even
though the city has grown.

Rea doesn't dispute that. But he does say that any time a piece of property is
annexed into the city, a study is made to see whether more city services are
required.

"So far we've been able to handle it," he said. "But we're constantly looking."

Rea said that since he became mayor, fewer than 90 acres have been annexed into
the city. He said at that rate, the size of the city will double in the 25th
century.

The mayor said "financial uncertainty" also makes it difficult to add police and
firefighters. Rea says some other services would have to be cut for the city to
add police officers or firefighters.

Hayes thinks some of the property taxes collected in the Northwest Tax Increment
Finance district could be used to increase those departments.

He acknowledges that property taxes collected there on any improvements can't be
used directly to pay for police and firefighters; it can only be used for
infrastructure work in the TIF district.

Hayes says there are projects TIF money could be used for that would free up
other money that could be used to pay for police and firefighters. But he
couldn't list any specific project.

Rea said the city is already using TIF money for everything for which that money
can legally be used: "I think we've been as creative and innovative as
possible."

----------------------------

Police officers, firefighters by population

This chart contains recent information reported to the Indiana Association of
Cities & Towns by member cities. In figuring the citizens per public safety
employee, part-timers were counted as half of a full-timer. Civilian employees
were also counted.

Mishawaka

Population 46,557

Full-time police 130

Part-time police 0

Full-time firefighters 107

Part-time firefighters 0

Citizens per police employee 358

Citizens per firefighter 435

South Bend

Population 107,789

Full-time police 366

Part-time police 7

Full-time firefighters 257

Part-time firefighters 1

Citizens per police employee 292

Citizens per fire employee 419

Richmond

Population 39,124

Full-time police 92

Part-time police 14

Full-time firefighters 83

Part-time firefighters 0

Citizens per police employee 395

Citizens per firefighter 471

Anderson

Population 59,500

Full-time police 141

Part-time police 0

Full-time firefighters 131

Part-time firefighters 0

Citizens per police employee 422

Citizens per firefighter 454

Elkhart

Population 51,874

Full-time police 145

Part-time police 18

Full-time firefighters 113

Part-time firefighters 0

Citizens per police employee 337

Citizens per firefighter 459

Kokomo

Population 46,113

Full-time police 142

Part-time police 12

Full-time firefighters 124

Part-time firefighters 0

Citizens per police employee 312

Citizens per firefighter 372

Lafayette

Population 65,821

Full-time police 149

Part-time police 44

Full-time firefighters 145

Part-time firefighters 0

Citizens per police employee 385

Citizens per firefighter 454

Lawrence

Population 44,000

Full-time police 57

Part-time police 1

Full-time firefighters 79

Part-time firefighters 13

Citizens per police employee 765

Citizens per firefighter 515

Terre Haute

Population 59,614

Full-time police 149

Part-time police 0

Full-time firefighters 145

Part-time firefighters 0

Citizens per police employee 400

Citizens per firefighter 411

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Property crimes fall in state Several cities report fewer burglaries and thefts,
but the trend is murkier when it comes to violent acts

BYLINE: Kirk Mitchell Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-04

LENGTH: 340 words


In Northglenn, fewer cat burglars are slipping into homes at night. In Grand
Junction, there aren't as many meth addicts breaking into cars to swipe things.

Burglaries dropped 14 percent in Englewood and Grand Junction, 26 percent in
Northglenn and 22 percent in Littleton from a year ago, authorities in those
cities said Tuesday.

Thefts, meanwhile, reportedly declined 10 percent in Littleton, 34 percent in
Northglenn and 20 percent in Grand Junction between 2005 and 2006.

Asked about their own trends in the wake of Tuesday's crime report by Denver
officials, police in a selection of other Colorado cities generally reported
good news, at least for property crimes.

Those trends echo an FBI report issued in December, citing a nationwide drop in
property crime between the first half of 2006 and the same period the year
before.

Violent crime is more of a mixed picture. The FBI report's numbers on violent
crime in Colorado's largest cities showed increases in Aurora, Colorado Springs
and Lakewood between 2005 and 2006, along with drops in Denver, Pueblo, Thornton
and Westminster.

Tuesday, police in various cities cited several factors that could explain their
improving property-crime numbers. They said the economy is improving, that
officers are getting better at identifying prolific thieves and that frequent
neighborhood patrols are scaring thieves away.

"It's community policing," said Rick Kellogg, Northglenn police spokesman.
"We're putting police where (thieves are) breaking into homes."

He said officers track where burglaries and thefts are happening every day, and
when there is a pattern of three in one area, undercover officers and patrol
officers are deployed.

Grand Junction police Lt. Greg Assenmacher said taking prolific criminals off
the street can have a major effect. In one drug sting involving federal agents,
he said, Grand Junction took 31 methamphetamine users off the streets last year.

``When you get people who use meth, they continue (stealing) until you stop
them,'' he said. ``That can have a big impact.''

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 19, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

New York Is Safest Big City, F.B.I. Report Shows

BYLINE: By EMILY VASQUEZ

SECTION: Section B; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 431 words


New York City remained the safest big city in the nation in 2005, according to
an F.B.I. report released yesterday. The report also showed that the city
experienced a 4.3 percent drop in overall reported crime last year compared with
a nationwide drop of 1.2 percent.

''Today's final 2005 report by the F.B.I. shows that our innovative efforts to
reduce crime and increase New Yorkers' quality of life are working,'' Mayor
Bloomberg said in a statement.

The data, almost 10 months old, show that while the number of reported homicides
increased nationwide last year by 3.4 percent, the number reported in the city
fell by 5.4 percent. Police statistics, however, show that through this Sept.
10, the number of reported killings is up 2.1 percent compared with the same
period last year.

In 2005, the number of robberies reported nationwide increased by 3.9 percent,

while in the city it increased by 1.4 percent. Over all, reported violent crime
fell last year by 1.9 percent in the city, while nationwide it rose by 2.3
percent.

The city's Total Crime Index ranked lowest for crime in 2005 among the nation's
10 largest cities, including Dallas, Phoenix, Houston, Philadelphia and Los
Angeles. Dallas had the worst index ranking, with 8,484.4 reported crimes per
100,000 people. That represents about one crime for each 12 people. Los Angeles,
which ranked eighth, experienced 3,850.4 crimes per 100,000 people, or one crime
per 26 people. New York City experienced 2,675.5 crimes per 100,000 people, or
about one crime per 37 people.

Thus far in 2006, overall reported crime in New York City continues to fall,
down 5.04 percent by Sept. 10 compared with the same period last year.

Though no specific national data is yet available for the year to date, law
enforcement officials and crime analysts have noted a continued rise in crime in
some areas across the country.

David Kennedy, director of the Center for Crime Prevention and Control at John
Jay College of Criminal Justice, said yesterday that many crime analysts believe
the causes for that increase vary by region, but include traditional issues like
illegally obtained firearms and drug availability. But some newer issues may
also be at the root, he said.

''It's very hard to put your finger on, but a lot of us are convinced there's a
very real spreading and intensifying of this street subculture'' involving
issues of ''honor, respect, and issues of manhood inextricably tied up with
violent responses,'' Mr. Kennedy said.

He added that some police departments across the country have cited a lack of
resources.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                    August 21, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

Crime Stoppers founder to give talk: 500 delegates here for training conference

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Don Campbell

SECTION: City; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 504 words

With an agenda encompassing everything from world terrorism to bullying in
schools, more than 50 high school students are joining about 500 delegates,
representing 25 countries, in Ottawa this week for the 2002 Crime Stoppers
International Training Conference.

The conference, aimed at arming co-ordinators and volunteers with as much
relevant information as possible to take back to their respective chapters,
kicks off this morning with meetings and awards, followed by the first of
several speakers who will discuss a wide array of topics. Keynote speaker for
the four-day conference is U.S. army Lt.-Col. (retired) Dave Grossman,
considered one of the world's foremost experts in the field of human aggression
and the roots of violent crime.

Lt.-Col. Grossman has written two books: On Killing and Stop Teaching Our
Children to Kill.

"Everything is geared toward the respective Crime Stoppers programs and their
volunteers," said Ottawa police Sgt. Koreen Kimakowitch, police liaison to the
area Crime Stoppers Programs. "We try, through the delegates who attend, to
provide as much information as possible to take back to their volunteers.

"We want to reinforce the public as to the many options they have to reporting
crime. Crime Stoppers takes in any number of various crimes and we want to give
the delegates a better idea of what's going on out there worldwide."

Crime Stoppers was born in 1976 by Albuquerque police officer Greg MacAleese,
who continues as its president and chief. Mr. MacAleese will also address
delegates on the opening day with his view of the future of the organization,
which now boasts over 1,000 individual programs in 16 regions and 40 countries.

The conference is held on an annual basis. Last year, it was held in Pueblo,
Colorado. Next year it shifts to Melbourne, Australia, and the Australians are
represented at this year's conference by a large contingent.

Also among the many speakers at the conference is New York City police officer
Juan Gonzalez and his presentation titled Attack on America: A Responder's View,
which documents the first minutes after last September's attack on the World
Trade Center from an officer's viewpoint.

The conference will also hear on experts in the field of motorcycle gangs, child
pornography, Canada's prison system, forensics and a personal story about drug
abuse and its dangers to a family by former Canadian heavyweight champion George
Chuvalo, who lost a son to drug abuse.

The conference will also cater to its student delegation, focussing on subjects
more closely related to the school years. "We do have Crime Stopper programs
within some schools and we want our target message to be that the program is a
mechanism for reporting something wrong," said Sgt. Kimakowitch. "Within
schools, a major worry among students may be that it will become know that they
reported something. We want them to know Crime Stoppers is a mechanism that can
be used to report things anonymously -- if that's the student's preference."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 23, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Murder rate declines to 30-year low

BYLINE: Gary Fields

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 390 words


Murder dropped last year to its lowest rate since 1967, part of
an overall decline in violent crimes, the FBI said Sunday.

The number of murders per 100,000 people was 6.8 in 1997, an 8.1%
drop from 1996, when it was 7.4 per 100,000, according to the
FBI's annual crime report.

The last time the rate was lower was in 1967, when there were
6.1 murders per 100,000.


Attorney General Janet Reno said the decreases "go beyond a statistical
blip. But we have not won the war on crime. We cannot let up."

Overall, reports of serious crime dropped in 1997 for the sixth
consecutive year.

Violent crime -- murder, forcible rape, robbery and aggravated
assault -- fell 3.2% to 1.63 million offenses, down from 1.69
million in 1996.

Regionally, the South had the highest crime rate at 5,547 per
100,000, followed by the West at 5,335, the Midwest at 4,572 and
the Northeast at 3,734. All four regions experienced a drop in
crime last year: 5.2% in the Northeast, 3.5% in the West, 3.25%
in the South and 2% in the Midwest.

Reno was cautiously optimistic about juvenile crime, announcing
last week that the number of people under 18 arrested for murder
dropped 16% in 1997.

Sunday's statistics show the number of juveniles arrested for
violent crimes was down 4% in 1997, the third consecutive year
the figure has fallen.

"Juvenile crime is not something that we have to accept as a
way of life," she said. "We can bring these numbers down, and
we are."

Michael Rustigan, a criminologist at San Francisco State University,
said the time has come to call the drop in juvenile crime a "trend"
and not just "some blip or aberration."

He said that about 70% of all juvenile crimes are committed by
about 5% of young people, who are repeat offenders. The rest of
the population "are good kids who are not part of some growing
epidemic of juvenile violence and menace."

But James Fox, a criminologist at Boston's Northeastern University,
pointed out that arrests "depend not just on behavior but on
the police ability to solve crimes."

Also, he said, complacency might settle in if people start thinking
the juvenile crime problem is solved.

"Since 1993, the rate of killing by teens has declined but we
are still not back where we were. There is still much to do,"
Fox said.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 October 13, 1998 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

GAY WYOMING STUDENT DIES, FUELING CALLS FOR HATE-CRIME LAW

BYLINE: MERCURY NEWS WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 981 words

DATELINE: LARAMIE, Wyo.


Students at the University of Wyoming, already shocked by the savage beating of
a gay student last week, returned to school Monday to find flags riding at
half-staff, sending a silent signal of more horrid news.

"I looked up, saw the flags and thought, 'Oh, my God, Matthew's dead,' " said
Shannon Rexroat, a senior who edits the campus newspaper. "The entire campus is
in shock and outraged."

Matthew Shepard, a popular political science student, died early Monday morning
at Poudre Valley Hospital, in nearby Fort Collins, Colo. His death fanned the
outrage that followed word of last week's attack, spawned nationwide vigils,
produced calls for hate-crime legislation and fueled debate over such laws in a
host of Western states, including Wyoming, that have resisted them.

From Denver to San Francisco to the University of Maryland, people turned out to
honor the slight, soft-spoken 21-year-old Shepard, a freshman who became an
overnight symbol of anti-gay violence after he was found by a passerby Wednesday
evening, beaten and dangling from a fence post.

President Clinton called the beating an "evil act" and urged Congress on Monday
to strengthen laws against hate crimes.

That call echoed even more loudly in Wyoming, one of only eight states that
requires no data collection for crimes based on sexual orientation. A bill that
would have created extra penalties for criminals who target victims because of
their race, religion or sexual orientation died in the state Senate in February.

Many in Wyoming, which proudly calls itself the Equality State because it was
the first state to allow women's suffrage, are now looking inward.

State Rep. Mike Massie, a Democrat from Laramie, who co-sponsored three
unsuccessful "bias crime" bills, said he would try again. "I hope we recognize
the reason for it and call it Matthew's Law -- like Megan's Law in New Jersey --
so we can have something positive come out of this tragic death."

Police say Shepard was beaten and left to die by two Laramie men who robbed him
and who later espoused anti-gay sentiments.

Russell Henderson, 21, and Aaron McKinney, 22, were charged with kidnapping,
aggravated robbery and first-degree murder, charges that could bring the death
penalty. Two women described as the pair's girlfriends, Kristen Leann Price, 18,
and Chastity Vera Pasley, 20, have been arrested on a charge of accessory after
the fact to first-degree murder.

Spark for laws

Gay leaders hope -- and Christian conservatives fear -- that Shepard's death
will galvanize Congress and state legislatures to pass hate-crime legislation or
broaden existing laws. In the past two decades, 21 states and the District of
Columbia have passed laws that increase penalties for crimes that are committed
because of a person's race, religion, color, national origin or sexual
orientation.

Nineteen states have hate-crime laws but do not include sexual orientation. Ten
states, including Wyoming, have no hate-crime laws at all, although two of those
-- Maryland and Utah -- require data collection for crimes based on sexual
orientation.

Monday, after Shepard's death, Wyoming Gov. Jim Geringer appealed to lawmakers
to reconsider their opposition to hate crimes legislation.

"I ask for a collective suggestion for anti-bias, anti-hate legislation that can
be presented to the Wyoming Legislature for their consideration in January,"
Geringer said.

The governor met Monday morning with Dennis Shepard, the slain student's father,
and said that the elder Shepard did not want his son's death to become "a media
circus" and that "we should not use Matt to further an agenda."

Leaders of gay rights groups said Monday that they would respect the family's
privacy by not attending the burial in Casper, Wyo., on Saturday. But they added
that they hoped the death would have an impact.

"Matthew's death, I hope, will bring about a better and deeper understanding of
hate-crime laws," said Elizabeth Birch, executive director of the Human Rights
Campaign, a lesbian and gay rights group that has 250,000 members.

In 1996, 21 men and women were killed in the United States because of their
sexual orientation, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center, an Alabama
group that tracks violence against minorities. According to the FBI, sexual
orientation was a factor in 11.6 percent of the 8,759 hate crimes recorded in
1996.

Silencing free speech

Christian conservatives warned that gay leaders want to use Shepard's death to
expand hate rights laws and to curtail freedom of speech.

"Hate crimes laws have nothing to do with perpetrators of violent crime and
everything to do with silencing political opposition," said Steven Schwalm, an
analyst with the Family Research Council, a Washington group dedicated to
defending "faith, family and freedom."

But Brian Levin, a criminal justice professor who directs the Center on Hate and
Extremism at Stockton College, in Pomona, N.J., said hate-crime laws that are on
the books in 40 states have not impinged on freedom of speech.

"We want to deter the broken windows and simple assaults before they escalate,"
he said. Referring to murders of gays, he added: "These crimes are preventable.
Offenders get emboldened if they are not punished the first time."

Ribbons of sympathy

On the University of Wyoming's campus Monday, yellow ribbons marked with green
circles, signs of sympathy for Shepard, could be seen wrapped around ponytails
and tied to backpacks. Many students and faculty were wearing "Straight but not
Narrow" buttons. All over, impromptu discussions of attitudes about
homosexuality were taking place.

"Is there approval of homosexuality in Wyoming? Absolutely not. Is there social
activism against it? No," said Susanna Godwin, director of the university's
Ethics Center. "Laramie is a fairly comfortable place to live. So I thought."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ANTI-GAY ATTACKS
Here is a look at some high-profile incidents of violence against gays:
* September 1998: A 37-year-old man's skull was fractured when his head was
slammed into the ground by two unknown assailants after he left a gay bar in
northern Chicago. The victim, whose name was not released at the request of his
family, suffered massive brain trauma and slipped into a coma for several days.
He remains in critical condition.
* March 1998: Brian Wilmes, 45, was severely beaten after leaving a gay bar in
San Francisco. His head struck the concrete and he lapsed into a coma. He died
the next day. His attacker reportedly uttered anti-gay remarks at Wilmes before
beating him.
* March 1995: Scott Amedure, 32, was shot to death in his Michigan home by a
heterosexual acquaintance, Jonathan Schmitz. The attacker said he was humiliated
after the gay man revealed a secret crush on him during the taping of an episode
of the Chicago-based syndicated talk show "The Jenny Jones Show." The segment
never aired. Schmitz was convicted of second-degree murder in 1996 but the
Michigan Court of Appeals overturned the conviction earlier this year and
ordered a new trial.
* December 1995: Roxanne Ellis and Michelle Abdill, a lesbian couple from
Medford, Ore., were shot to death execution-style. The two women had worked to
defeat a statewide measure to limit the rights of gays. The killer later bragged
that he murdered the two women because they were lesbians.
* December 1993: Teena Brandon, a 21-year-old woman who often dressed as a man,
was shot to death in her Nebraska home by John Lotter and Marvin Thomas Nissen.
One week before the killing, the duo raped Brandon as punishment for convincing
a group of friends that she was a man.
Source: Associated Press

GRAPHIC: Photos (2), Map;
MAP: NEW YORK TIMES
HATE-CRIME LEGISLATION IN THE U.S.
Although 40 states and Washington, D.C., have some form of hate-crime
legislation, only 21 include crimes based on sexual orientation. Ten states,
including Wyoming, either have no hate-crime provisions or do not identify hate
crimes by specific category.
Source: National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
PHOTO: Matthew Shepard, who was openly gay, died of injuries from an attack by
two men last week.
[981013 FR 1A]
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
Russell Henderson, 21, left, and Aaron McKinney, 22, were charged with
first-degree murder. Chastity Vera Pasley, 20, was charged with being an
accessory.
[981013 FR 1A]

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    May 22, 1998, Friday, THREE STAR EDITION

GAMBLING OPPONENT QUESTIONS CRIME-RATE STUDY'S ACCURACY;
SEVERAL MAYORS TESTIFIED CASINOS DID NOT HIKE RATES

BYLINE: Fred Faust; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO, Pg. C5

LENGTH: 378 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Several Midwestern mayors told the National Gambling Impact Study Commission
this week that crime rates did not rise when riverboat gambling arrived. But one
opponent said they may not be studying a large enough area.

The gambling opponent, University of Illinois Professor John Kindt, told the
commission Thursday that crime rates should be studied for the boats' entire
marketing area, a radius of up to 100 miles.

Chris Anderson, director of the Illinois Council on Compulsive Gambling, said
some crimes are linked to gambling but are not recorded as such.

"Compulsive gamblers commit crimes such as fraud, theft, forgery, embezzlement
and they are not recorded on any police blotter as gambling-related. So it's not
going to show up in any of the crime data."

Assessing social problems like compulsive gambling is far more difficult than
measuring jobs and other economic effects of casinos, William Eadington told the
commission. He's a professor at the University of Nevada in Reno and head of an
institute there that studies gambling.

Eadington said that "economic impacts - which tend to be positive - are
quantifiable, tangible and measurable; whereas social impacts - which tend to be
negative - are qualitative, elusive and very difficult to measure."

He attacked the work of some authors who try to quantify what each compulsive
gambler costs society - their estimates range from $ 15,000 to $ 35,000 a year -
as "either academically naive, academically dishonest, or both."

Anderson complained about the lack of money available for treatment of
compulsive gamblers. He said the state of Illinois "has been grossly negligent"
in this regard.

The riverboat industry in Illinois has made a good start, Anderson said, by
funding a help line for people with gambling problems and running ads that
promote responsible gambling.

Marlys Popma, director of the Iowa Family Policy Center, urged the Commission to
consider whether credit-card machines and ATMs should be permitted on riverboat
casinos.

Joe Clark, director of the Illinois Family Institute, attacked casino slot clubs
as "predatory marketing."

The commission, created by Congress in 1996, will hold three more regional
hearings. It plans to issue a report in June 1999.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     May 6, 1996 Monday METRO FINAL EDITION

MINNEAPOLIS BUCKS NATIONAL MURDER TREND;
LOCAL: SERIOUS CRIMES UP IN ST. PAUL

BYLINE: BYLINE: Tim Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 597 words


Minneapolis surged up the list of America's deadliest places last year: Its
murder rate ranked 25th among the nation's 200 biggest cities, according to data
released Sunday by the FBI.

The year before, Minneapolis ranked 68th.

The 1995 rise was so great, in fact, that the jump ranks second only to one
other city in the country last year - Oklahoma City. A terrorist's bomb there
killed 168 on April 19. Other slayings in Oklahoma City actually declined by
about 10 percent last year.

Minneapolis, on the other hand, posted a record 97 killings, a 56 percent rise,
and in deadly contrast to an 8 percent drop in murders nationwide. Minneapolis
authorities have blamed the slayings on a deadly mixture of drugs and a
hardening criminal culture.

Even so, the Twin Cities - and particularly St. Paul - fared well as usual,
based on a Pioneer Press computer analysis of the FBI's Uniform Crime Report.
Despite a veritable epidemic of murder last year, for example, Minneapolis kept
its 30th place ranking in serious crime overall.

St. Paul rose slightly in the ranking, from 104th to 99th.

While the number of serious crimes reported to police dropped 2 percent
nationwide last year, St. Paul bucked the trend with a 4 percent increase.

Big jumps in the number of reports of stolen cars, burglaries and other thefts
in St. Paul accounted for the higher crime rate, despite declines in violent
crime - including a 14 percent drop in reported rapes and 13 percent fewer
weapons-related assaults.

Those figures don't surprise St. Paul Police Chief William Finney, who said in
an interview Sunday that his department has recently shifted resources in an
effort to beef up violent crime prevention efforts.

"We've been focusing on drugs and violent juvenile offenders, tracking them and
trying to single them out for selective enforcement," Finney said. "We've been
emphasizing community policing, and we've got programs, like our gun
interdiction program, that send the message that we're out looking, trying to
get guns off the street, and people may be more reluctant to carry them."

A similar effort in New York City is credited with helping reduce homicides more
than 25 percent there last year. Murders in St. Paul fell from 29 in 1994 to 25
last year, a 14 percent drop.

Finney adds, however, that he's reluctant to take credit for the change. "It may
just be that we're behind the curve, and we'll eventually catch up. And these
numbers don't tell you much about juvenile crime, which is up everywhere."

The teen-age murder rate, for example, has posted double digit gains nationwide
in recent years, even as overall crime has declined.

And while it doesn't directly address juvenile crime, the new FBI data includes
some ominous signs about what might be over the demographic horizon for the Twin
Cities.

Minneapolis and St. Paul together posted a 7 percent rise in car thefts,
compared to a 6 percent drop nationwide. And while other reported thefts were up
only 1 percent nationwide, they were up 2 percent in Minneapolis and 5 percent
in St. Paul.

Both crimes are common to juveniles, and there's a bulge of young people now
headed into their peak crime years in Minnesota.

"This is the first glimmer of the impact of the next generation, because larceny
- such as bicycle theft, stealing auto parts and shoplifting - is the crime with
the youngest criminals," says Professor Alfred Bloomstein of Carnegie-Mellon
University in New York. "The peak age for larcenists is 15 or 16."

This story includes information from the Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: See accompanying story: NATION: HOMICIDE OFF 8%; CRIME DIPS 4TH YEAR IN A
ROW

GRAPHIC: Graphic: Pioneer Press
Crime comparisons
Here's where Minneapolis and St. Paul rank, among the nation's 200 largest
cities, in seven different categories of crime.
Aggravated
Murder Rape Robbery assault Burglary
1994 68th 3rd 17th 48th 180th
Minneapolis
1995 25th 3rd 13th 50th 178th
<
1994 100th 28th 106th 91st 45th
St. Paul
1995 114th 29th 98th 109th 47th
<
Theft Car Theft Arson
1994 38th 74th N, A
Minneapolis
1995 32nd 56th N, A
<
1994 116th 128th 21st
St. Paul
1995 102nd 106th 18th
Source: Pioneer Press reserch by Tim Nelson. Note: Minneapolis is believed to
have higher rape rates because of increased reporting and a more inclusive
definition of the crime. Arson figures are not available for Minneapolis.

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 3, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

It's Time to Pass the Brady Bill

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A21

LENGTH: 741 words


As individuals who have had the privilege of serving as attorneys general, we
watched with dismay as the congressional debate about the crime bill became
increasingly partisan and divisive. This is not to say that we all agree on the
difficult issues that defined the debate, such as habeas corpus reform or
expansion of the federal death penalty. Our dismay, rather, has been directed at
the failure to pass an anti-crime measure on which we all agree: the Brady
bill's national waiting period and background check for handgun purchasers.

The Brady bill was a key part of the Omnibus Crime Control Act, which had been
stalled by a Senate filibuster since November 1991 and failed to survive a
cloture vote yesterday. It can, and still should be, enacted without delay.

Handgun violence in America is a national tragedy. According to the Justice
Department, handguns are involved every year in more than 600,000 violent
crimes, including an average of 9,200 murders, 12,100 rapes, 210,000 robberies
and 407,600 assaults. Despite this record of mayhem, our laws continue to
tolerate the instantaneous, over-the-counter sales of these deadly instruments
of crime to anyone who can pay the price.

Handguns are sold to anyone who fills out a form denying that he or she is a
convicted felon, drug abuser or other prohibited buyer. In most states, no one
checks the veracity of the buyer's answers before the gun is sold. In short, we
have an "honor system" for handgun sales in which those who already have
committed serious crimes are trusted to tell the truth about their past.

In states that already have waiting periods, criminals attempting to buy guns
have been stopped in their tracks. California, which has a 15-day waiting period
applicable to all firearms, stopped more than 5,800 prohibited persons from
buying guns in 1991 and another 1,300 during the first quarter of 1992. These
prospective buyers included 760 people convicted of drug violations, 47 of
homicide, 30 of sex crimes, 418 of burglary, 132 of robbery, 10 of kidnapping
and 3,613 of assault.

Despite the proven success of waiting periods in states such as California, the
black market in handguns will continue as long as other states permit "cash and
carry" sales. It is hardly surprising that the handguns used in crime in cities
and states with strict gun control laws originate in jurisdictions without such
laws. A study by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms showed that between
1987 and 1990, 94 percent of the guns used in crime in New York City came from
out-of-state sources. The primary source states were Virginia, Texas, Florida,
Georgia, South Carolina and Ohio, all of which have weak gun laws. Only federal
legislation will ensure that nowhere in our country can convicted felons buy
handguns over the counter with no questions asked.

Of all the arguments advanced by opponents of the Brady bill, surely the most
specious is the charge that it would infringe a constitutional right. For more
than 200 years, the federal courts have unanimously determined that the Second
Amendment concerns only the arming of the people in service to an organized
state militia; it does not guarantee immediate access to guns for private
purposes. The nation can no longer afford to let the gun lobby's distortion of
the Constitution cripple every reasonable attempt to implement an effective
national policy toward guns and crime.

Congress knows what needs to be done. It knows that, according to a Gallup poll,
95 percent of the American people want the Brady bill to become law. It knows
that the Brady bill has been endorsed by every major police organization in the
country. It knows that among its own members, the Brady bill enjoys remarkable
bipartisan support. In May of last year, the Brady bill passed the House of
Representatives by 53 votes; it later passed the Senate by a margin of 67 to 32
and was incorporated into the crime bill.

The questions now is whether Congress has the will to do what needs to be done.
Since the crime bill filibuster began last November, thousands of Americans have
lost their lives to handgun violence. It's time for Congress to pass the Brady
bill and send it to the president. The American people have been waiting too
long. Nicholas deB. Katzenbach, Ramsey Clark, Elliot L. Richardson, Edward H.
Levi, Griffin B. Bell, Benjamin R. Civiletti

The writers are former attorneys general of the United States.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 28, 1992, Monday

Rising tide of crime brings fear to South's college campuses Fall session opens
with shootings, robberies

BYLINE: By Tinah Saunders STAFF WRITERcolleges; violence; safety; crime

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 1

LENGTH: 1048 words


It was a quiet September Saturday morning in Chapel Hill, N.C. Fall classes had
just begun at the University of North Carolina, and all over town students
relished a few more hours of sleep.

But in Granville Towers, a residence hall just off campus, a sleepy student woke
to find an intruder rummaging through her belongings.

Holding a pair of scissors to her throat, he raped her, stole some cash and
fled, she told police. She had left her door unlocked.

It was one of the first violent incidents of the fall term, but not the only
one. Across the South in just the first few weeks of school, there have been
beatings, shootings, armed robberies, mob violence and slayings of students on
or near college campuses.

But the violence is not limited to the South nor to college campuses, long
thought to be scholarly havens.

"It is a misconception that college is a sanctuary," said Bill Whitman, director
of the Campus Safety and Security Institute in Thorndale, Pa. The United States
is becoming more violent and the crime just now hitting campuses is a reflection
of society in general, he said. "Incoming students bring their backgrounds with
them," Mr. Whitman said. "And there is no way for colleges to screen for
character flaws. So gang members . . . ex-convicts . . . those who are trying to
do better and divorce themselves from their associates and environment, can be
admitted. Schools have even stopped asking if applicants have been arrested, to
avoid suits."

Although 80 percent of the crime on campus is committed by one student against
another, 20 percent is the result of intruders to the campus setting, said
Dorothy Siegel, vice president of student services and director of the Violence
Prevention Center at Towson State University in Towson, Md.

Recently three Baton Rouge teenagers were arrested in the Sept. 16 slaying of an
18-year-old Louisiana State University freshman, who was found with four bullets
in his head at a construction site four miles off campus. Police say the killers
wanted his Ford Bronco, which they stole and later left burning on a levee
overlooking the Mississippi River.

Several assaults, including one attempted rape, against students at the
University of Virginia by non-students prompted UVA President John Casteen to
write an unusually candid open letter to the university community, saying, "The
violence in our community has assumed in recent times a random and sudden
character that threatens students, faculty, staff and guests." The university
has held meetings among town leaders, students and administrators to examine
growing tension. Charles Alexander, a black businessman in Charlottesville, said
most blacks view the university as "just another big plantation."

Crime reporting required

Beginning this month, as a result of the Campus Security Act passed last year,
schools that receive federal funds are required to report the number of crimes
on their campuses for the preceding three years and to disseminate that
information to students, faculty, prospective students and their parents. In
past years those incidents often were handled internally, not tallied together
or released to the public.

Mr. Whitman said, "The numbers aren't increasing that much - the reporting
system is just better. What these incidents say is that schools are being more
forthright about reporting crime."

The uniform campus crime reports should force schools to confront the problems
on their campuses and find more effective ways to prevent crime and protect
their students. "You are going to see a peak in the numbers before they level
off and finally decrease as prevention and awareness programs take effect," Mr.
Whitman said.

In the wake of the incident at Chapel Hill, the university immediately moved to
limit access to all residence halls at least temporarily. They were locked 24
hours a day for three weeks after the incident, and residents used keys to enter
both the dorms and their own rooms. Although there was some student resistance
to the new restrictions, residents of one hall voted to keep their dormitory
locked indefinitely.

At other campuses around the South, limited-access residence halls have been the
norm for several years. The University of Florida had key- access residence
halls even before the August 1990 slayings of five students in off-campus
apartment complexes, said UF housing director Jim Grimm. The university is
currently converting both male and female dorms to a sophisticated card-access
system, making entry more convenient for residents while increasing security
further.

Some schools have returned to a form of the sign-in, sign-out system that
prevailed until the mid-1960s. At the University of Arkansas, residence halls
are locked after 8 p.m. All visitors must sign in at a central registration
desk, leave some form of photo identification and sign out to retrieve their ID
when leaving the building. Visitors of the opposite sex are barred from
residence halls after 1 a.m. The effect, according to a campus security report,
is a decline in residence hall crime from 385 incidents in 1989 to 214 in 1991.

Abducted from parking lot

Not all campus crime happens in residence halls.

The slain LSU student was abducted from the parking lot behind his dorm. A
Hampton University student was shot Sept. 12 at an apartment complex just off
campus when he became involved in a verbal confrontation with a passer-by. And a
23-year-old white man returning home from a church social on Labor Day weekend
was pulled from his car in an apartment parking lot by a group of black Florida
A&M students who had been chanting "L.A., L.A.," in reference to the Los Angeles
riots. They said they were angry over an altercation with Tallahassee police,
whom they accused of being unnecessarily rough in breaking up a noisy party.

The victim was beaten almost to death before several other students came to his
aid.

Only those crimes committed on campus property will be reported in next year's
campus crime statistics. Incidents involving students that happen off campus
aren't reported. For example, the Gainesville slayings are not listed on the
University of Florida's crime report for 1989-1992.

Staff writers Tom McCollister and Holly Morris contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922770147

GRAPHIC: Map: Campus violence (number coded to correspond with the following
chart) Since the beginning of the fall term, violence involving students has
reupted on or near college campuses throughout the South.  1. UNIVERSITY OF
NORTH CAROLINA, Chapel Hill - Sept. 4: Rape in off- campus residence hall; Sept.
7 and 8: Two attempted sexual assaults on campus walkways; Sept. 12: Female
student attacked and sprayed with her own mace on campus walkway.  2. NORTH
CAROLINA CENTRAL UNIVERSITY, Durham - Sept. 12: Six people wounded in campus gun
battle when a man assaulted a female student talking to friends.  3. UNIVERSITY
OF VIRGINIA, Charlottesville - Sept. 3 and Sept. 4: Attempted rape of student by
non-student at fraternity party, attack on students in dormitory area and
beating of student by non- students in parking lot.  4. SAVANNAH COLLEGE OF ART
AND DESIGN, Savannah - Sept. 6: Attempted rape in dorm room.  5. UNIVERSITY OF
MIAMI, Coral Gables - Sept. 9: Two male students robbed at gunpoint near
library.  6. UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA, Gainesville - Sept. 7: Two law students
threatened by four men with knives.  7. FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY, Tallahassee -
Sept. 11: Two male students beaten by a group of non-students.  8. FLORIDA A&M
UNIVERSITY, Tallahassee - Sept. 7: White male brutally beaten by mob of black
students angry at police for alleged brutality when arresting group of
partygoers at off-campus apartment complex.  9. UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Columbia - Sept. 10: Student assaulted and robbed by man in campus parking lot.
10. LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY, Baton Rouge - Sept. 16: Student found murdered
at off-campus construction site.  11. MEMPHIS STATE UNIVERSITY, Memphis - Sept.
16: One student injured when he came between two others fighting in campus
residence hall.  12. HAMPTON UNIVERSITY, Hampton - Sept. 12: Male student shot
by passerby after verbal confrontation at apartment complex just off-campus.
13. BETHUNE-COOKMAN COLLEGE, Daytona Beach - Sept. 16: Student robbed and killed
execution-style off-campus by several youths; his three college friends were
critically wounded in the same incident. It was the third murder of a
Bethune-Cookman student since June.  / staff Photo: Balade Hargett, a student at
University of North Carolina Central in Durham, is treated by paramedics after
gunfire wounded nine students Sept. 12. / JULIAN HARRUSON / Special

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 28, 1992, Monday

Rising tide of crime brings fear to South's college campuses Fall session opens
with shootings, robberies

BYLINE: By Tinah Saunders STAFF WRITERcolleges; violence; safety; crime;
statistics; trends; deaths; theft; kidnapping; homicide

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 1

LENGTH: 1048 words


It was a quiet September Saturday morning in Chapel Hill, N.C. Fall classes had
just begun at the University of North Carolina, and all over town students
relished a few more hours of sleep.

But in Granville Towers, a residence hall just off campus, a sleepy student woke
to find an intruder rummaging through her belongings.

Holding a pair of scissors to her throat, he raped her, stole some cash and
fled, she told police. She had left her door unlocked.

It was one of the first violent incidents of the fall term, but not the only
one. Across the South in just the first few weeks of school, there have been
beatings, shootings, armed robberies, mob violence and slayings of students on
or near college campuses.

But the violence is not limited to the South nor to college campuses, long
thought to be scholarly havens.

"It is a misconception that college is a sanctuary," said Bill Whitman, director
of the Campus Safety and Security Institute in Thorndale, Pa. The United States
is becoming more violent and the crime just now hitting campuses is a reflection
of society in general, he said. "Incoming students bring their backgrounds with
them," Mr. Whitman said. "And there is no way for colleges to screen for
character flaws. So gang members . . . ex-convicts . . . those who are trying to
do better and divorce themselves from their associates and environment, can be
admitted. Schools have even stopped asking if applicants have been arrested, to
avoid suits."

Although 80 percent of the crime on campus is committed by one student against
another, 20 percent is the result of intruders to the campus setting, said
Dorothy Siegel, vice president of student services and director of the Violence
Prevention Center at Towson State University in Towson, Md.

Recently three Baton Rouge teenagers were arrested in the Sept. 16 slaying of an
18-year-old Louisiana State University freshman, who was found with four bullets
in his head at a construction site four miles off campus. Police say the killers
wanted his Ford Bronco, which they stole and later left burning on a levee
overlooking the Mississippi River.

Several assaults, including one attempted rape, against students at the
University of Virginia by non-students prompted UVA President John Casteen to
write an unusually candid open letter to the university community, saying, "The
violence in our community has assumed in recent times a random and sudden
character that threatens students, faculty, staff and guests." The university
has held meetings among town leaders, students and administrators to examine
growing tension. Charles Alexander, a black businessman in Charlottesville, said
most blacks view the university as "just another big plantation."

Crime reporting required

Beginning this month, as a result of the Campus Security Act passed last year,
schools that receive federal funds are required to report the number of crimes
on their campuses for the preceding three years and to disseminate that
information to students, faculty, prospective students and their parents. In
past years those incidents often were handled internally, not tallied together
or released to the public.

Mr. Whitman said, "The numbers aren't increasing that much - the reporting
system is just better. What these incidents say is that schools are being more
forthright about reporting crime."

The uniform campus crime reports should force schools to confront the problems
on their campuses and find more effective ways to prevent crime and protect
their students. "You are going to see a peak in the numbers before they level
off and finally decrease as prevention and awareness programs take effect," Mr.
Whitman said.

In the wake of the incident at Chapel Hill, the university immediately moved to
limit access to all residence halls at least temporarily. They were locked 24
hours a day for three weeks after the incident, and residents used keys to enter
both the dorms and their own rooms. Although there was some student resistance
to the new restrictions, residents of one hall voted to keep their dormitory
locked indefinitely.

At other campuses around the South, limited-access residence halls have been the
norm for several years. The University of Florida had key- access residence
halls even before the August 1990 slayings of five students in off-campus
apartment complexes, said UF housing director Jim Grimm. The university is
currently converting both male and female dorms to a sophisticated card-access
system, making entry more convenient for residents while increasing security
further.

Some schools have returned to a form of the sign-in, sign-out system that
prevailed until the mid-1960s. At the University of Arkansas, residence halls
are locked after 8 p.m. All visitors must sign in at a central registration
desk, leave some form of photo identification and sign out to retrieve their ID
when leaving the building. Visitors of the opposite sex are barred from
residence halls after 1 a.m. The effect, according to a campus security report,
is a decline in residence hall crime from 385 incidents in 1989 to 214 in 1991.

Abducted from parking lot

Not all campus crime happens in residence halls.

The slain LSU student was abducted from the parking lot behind his dorm. A
Hampton University student was shot Sept. 12 at an apartment complex just off
campus when he became involved in a verbal confrontation with a passer-by. And a
23-year-old white man returning home from a church social on Labor Day weekend
was pulled from his car in an apartment parking lot by a group of black Florida
A&M students who had been chanting "L.A., L.A.," in reference to the Los Angeles
riots. They said they were angry over an altercation with Tallahassee police,
whom they accused of being unnecessarily rough in breaking up a noisy party.

The victim was beaten almost to death before several other students came to his
aid.

Only those crimes committed on campus property will be reported in next year's
campus crime statistics. Incidents involving students that happen off campus
aren't reported. For example, the Gainesville slayings are not listed on the
University of Florida's crime report for 1989-1992.

Staff writers Tom McCollister and Holly Morris contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922770148

GRAPHIC: Map: Campus violence (number coded to correspond with the following
chart) Since the beginning of the fall term, violence involving students has
reupted on or near college campuses throughout the South.  1. UNIVERSITY OF
NORTH CAROLINA, Chapel Hill - Sept. 4: Rape in off- campus residence hall; Sept.
7 and 8: Two attempted sexual assaults on campus walkways; Sept. 12: Female
student attacked and sprayed with her own mace on campus walkway.  2. NORTH
CAROLINA CENTRAL UNIVERSITY, Durham - Sept. 12: Six people wounded in campus gun
battle when a man assaulted a female student talking to friends.  3. UNIVERSITY
OF VIRGINIA, Charlottesville - Sept. 3 and Sept. 4: Attempted rape of student by
non-student at fraternity party, attack on students in dormitory area and
beating of student by non- students in parking lot.  4. SAVANNAH COLLEGE OF ART
AND DESIGN, Savannah - Sept. 6: Attempted rape in dorm room.  5. UNIVERSITY OF
MIAMI, Coral Gables - Sept. 9: Two male students robbed at gunpoint near
library.  6. UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA, Gainesville - Sept. 7: Two law students
threatened by four men with knives.  7. FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY, Tallahassee -
Sept. 11: Two male students beaten by a group of non-students.  8. FLORIDA A&M
UNIVERSITY, Tallahassee - Sept. 7: White male brutally beaten by mob of black
students angry at police for alleged brutality when arresting group of
partygoers at off-campus apartment complex.  9. UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Columbia - Sept. 10: Student assaulted and robbed by man in campus parking lot.
10. LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY, Baton Rouge - Sept. 16: Student found murdered
at off-campus construction site.  11. MEMPHIS STATE UNIVERSITY, Memphis - Sept.
16: One student injured when he came between two others fighting in campus
residence hall.  12. HAMPTON UNIVERSITY, Hampton - Sept. 12: Male student shot
by passerby after verbal confrontation at apartment complex just off-campus.
13. BETHUNE-COOKMAN COLLEGE, Daytona Beach - Sept. 16: Student robbed and killed
execution-style off-campus by several youths; his three college friends were
critically wounded in the same incident. It was the third murder of a
Bethune-Cookman student since June.  / staff Photo: Balade Hargett, a student at
University of North Carolina Central in Durham, is treated by paramedics after
gunfire wounded nine students Sept. 12. / JULIAN HARRUSON / Special

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 28, 1992, Monday

Rising tide of crime brings fear to South's college campuses Fall session opens
with shootings, robberies

BYLINE: By Tinah Saunders STAFF WRITERcolleges; violence; safety; crime;
statistics; trends; deaths; theft; kidnapping; homicide; assault

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 1

LENGTH: 1048 words


It was a quiet September Saturday morning in Chapel Hill, N.C. Fall classes had
just begun at the University of North Carolina, and all over town students
relished a few more hours of sleep.

But in Granville Towers, a residence hall just off campus, a sleepy student woke
to find an intruder rummaging through her belongings.

Holding a pair of scissors to her throat, he raped her, stole some cash and
fled, she told police. She had left her door unlocked.

It was one of the first violent incidents of the fall term, but not the only
one. Across the South in just the first few weeks of school, there have been
beatings, shootings, armed robberies, mob violence and slayings of students on
or near college campuses.

But the violence is not limited to the South nor to college campuses, long
thought to be scholarly havens.

"It is a misconception that college is a sanctuary," said Bill Whitman, director
of the Campus Safety and Security Institute in Thorndale, Pa. The United States
is becoming more violent and the crime just now hitting campuses is a reflection
of society in general, he said.

"Incoming students bring their backgrounds with them," Mr. Whitman said.

"And there is no way for colleges to screen for character flaws. So gang members
. . . ex-convicts . . . those who are trying to do better and divorce themselves
from their associates and environment, can be admitted. Schools have even
stopped asking if applicants have been arrested, to avoid suits."

Although 80 percent of the crime on campus is committed by one student against
another, 20 percent is the result of intruders to the campus setting, said
Dorothy Siegel, vice president of student services and director of the Violence
Prevention Center at Towson State University in Towson, Md.

Recently three Baton Rouge teenagers were arrested in the Sept. 16 slaying of an
18-year-old Louisiana State University freshman, who was found with four bullets
in his head at a construction site four miles off campus. Police say the killers
wanted his Ford Bronco, which they stole and later left burning on a levee
overlooking the Mississippi River.

Several assaults, including one attempted rape, against students at the
University of Virginia by non-students prompted UVA President John Casteen to
write an unusually candid open letter to the university community, saying, "The
violence in our community has assumed in recent times a random and sudden
character that threatens students, faculty, staff and guests." The university
has held meetings among town leaders, students and administrators to examine
growing tension. Charles Alexander, a black businessman in Charlottesville, said
most blacks view the university as "just another big plantation."

Crime reporting required

Beginning this month, as a result of the Campus Security Act passed last year,
schools that receive federal funds are required to report the number of crimes
on their campuses for the preceding three years and to disseminate that
information to students, faculty, prospective students and their parents. In
past years those incidents often were handled internally, not tallied together
or released to the public.

Mr. Whitman said, "The numbers aren't increasing that much - the reporting
system is just better. What these incidents say is that schools are being more
forthright about reporting crime."

The uniform campus crime reports should force schools to confront the problem s
on their campuses and find more effective ways to prevent crime and protect
their students. "You are going to see a peak in the numbers before they level
off and finally decrease as prevention and awareness programs take effect," Mr.
Whitman said.

In the wake of the incident at Chapel Hill, the university immediately moved to
limit access to all residence halls at least temporarily. They were locked 24
hours a day for three weeks after the incident, and residents used keys to enter
both the dorms and their own rooms. Although there was some student resistance
to the new restrictions, residents of one hall voted to keep their dormitory
locked indefinitely.

At other campuses around the South, limited-access residence halls have been the
norm for several years. The University of Florida had key- access residence
halls even before the August 1990 slayings of five students in off-campus
apartment complexes, said UF housing director Jim Grimm. The university is
currently converting both male and female dorms to a sophisticated card-access
system, making entry more convenient for residents while increasing security
further.

Some schools have returned to a form of the sign-in, sign-out system that
prevailed until the mid-1960s. At the University of Arkansas, residence halls
are locked after 8 p.m. All visitors must sign in at a central registration
desk, leave some form of photo identification and sign out to retrieve their ID
when leaving the building. Visitors of the opposite sex are barred from
residence halls after 1 a.m. The effect, according to a campus security report,
is a decline in residence hall crime from 385 incidents in 1989 to 214 in 1991.

Abducted from parking lot

Not all campus crime happens in residence halls.

The slain LSU student was abducted from the parking lot behind his dorm. A
Hampton University student was shot Sept. 12 at an apartment complex just off
campus when he became involved in a verbal confrontation with a passer-by. And a
23-year-old white man returning home from a church social on Labor Day weekend
was pulled from his car in an apartment parking lot by a group of black Florida
A&M students who had been chanting "L.A., L.A.," in reference to the Los Angeles
riots. They said they were angry over an altercation with Tallahassee police,
whom they accused of being unnecessarily rough in breaking up a noisy party.

The victim was beaten almost to death before several other students came to his
aid.

Only those crimes committed on campus property will be reported in next year's
campus crime statistics. Incidents involving students that happen off campus
aren't reported. For example, the Gainesville slayings are not listed on the
University of Florida's crime report for 1989-1992.

Staff writers Tom McCollister and Holly Morris contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922830263

GRAPHIC: Map: Campus violence (number coded to correspond with the following
chart) Since the beginning of the fall term, violence involving students has
erupted on or near college campuses throughout the South.  1. UNIVERSITY OF
NORTH CAROLINA, Chapel Hill - Sept. 4: Rape in off- campus residence hall; Sept.
7 and 8: Two attempted sexual assaults on campus walkways; Sept. 12: Female
student attacked and sprayed with her own mace on campus walkway.  2. NORTH
CAROLINA CENTRAL UNIVERSITY, Durham - Sept. 12: Six people wounded in campus gun
battle when a man assaulted a female student talking to friends.  3. UNIVERSITY
OF VIRGINIA, Charlottesville - Sept. 3 and Sept. 4: Attempted rape of student by
non-student at fraternity party, attack on students in dormitory area and
beating of student by non- students in parking lot.  4. SAVANNAH COLLEGE OF ART
AND DESIGN, Savannah - Sept. 6: Attempted rape in dorm room.  5. UNIVERSITY OF
MIAMI, Coral Gables - Sept. 9: Two male students robbed at gunpoint near
library.  6. UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA, Gainesville - Sept. 7: Two law students
threatened by four men with knives.  7. FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY, Tallahassee -
Sept. 11: Two male students beaten by a group of non-students.  8. FLORIDA A&M
UNIVERSITY, Tallahassee - Sept. 7: White male brutally beaten by mob of black
students angry at police for alleged brutality when arresting group of
partygoers at off-campus apartment complex.  9. UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
Columbia - Sept. 10: Student assaulted and robbed by man in campus parking lot.
10. LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY, Baton Rouge - Sept. 16: Student found murdered
at off-campus construction site.  11. MEMPHIS STATE UNIVERSITY, Memphis - Sept.
16: One student injured when he came between two others fighting in campus
residence hall.  12. HAMPTON UNIVERSITY, Hampton - Sept. 12: Male student shot
by passerby after verbal confrontation at apartment complex just off-campus. 13.
BETHUNE-COOKMAN COLLEGE, Daytona Beach - Sept. 16: Student robbed and killed
execution-style off-campus by several youths; his three college friends were
critically wounded in the same incident. It was the third murder of a
Bethune-Cookman student since June.  / staff Photo: Balade Hargett, a student at
University of North Carolina Central in Durham, is treated by paramedics after
gunfire wounded nine students Sept. 12 / JULIAN HARRUSON / Special

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 26, 1992, Thursday

THE SOUTH IN BRIEF 1 in 12 Floridians fall victim to crime

BYLINE: By A.L. May STAFF WRITERcrime; statistics; florida; colleges;
government; tennessee; closings; pollution; violations; regulations;
south/carolina; alabama; mississippi

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 509 words


The number of Floridians who fell victim to crime increased 2.6 percent last
year over 1990, with a serious crime occurring every 27 seconds, state officials
reported Wednesday. "Florida again has the No. 1 crime rate in the country,"
said Gov. Lawton Chiles. "That's not new - we've held that dubious distinction
since 1983." With 1,039,532 people becoming victims last year, Floridians had a
1-in-12 chance of being on that list. There was a violent crime every 3 minutes
and 19 seconds; and one in every eight victims was seriously hurt.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Waste company fined for emission. Laidlaw Environmental Services
in Spartanburg was slapped Wednesday with a $ 20,000 fine for an emission the
Environmental Protection Agency called a major violation. The emission, from a
hazardous waste incinerator in Roebuck, occurred Nov. 12. The incident violated
a federal judge's order concerning the EPA's regulation of heavy metals being
burned at the incinerator. Laidlaw cannot appeal the fine.

ALABAMA: University admits overbilling government. Officials at the University
of Alabama at Birmingham said Wednesday that they overcharged the federal
government $ 75,000 for research projects. "This is not a question of ethics,
it's a question of accounting," said Mike Ellis, a UAB spokesman. UAB is one of
several research universities checked by the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services after auditors determined that Stanford University overbilled the
government up to $ 300 million.

MISSISSIPPI: Clarke College to close. Clarke College, an 85-year-old school,
will close at the end of the semester because of declining enrollment.
Enrollment has fallen to about 105, less than half the number who attended the
college in Newton in 1981. The school is owned by the Mississippi Baptist
Convention.

FLORIDA: Booby-trapped pot patch found near school. Police found a booby-trapped
marijuana patch, equipped with a trip-wire to fire a shotgun shell filled with
nails, about 500 yards from an elementary school in Green Cove Springs. The
shell fired Monday when law enforcement officials were removing brush. No one
was injured. Police said they staked out the site and arrested an 18-year-old
who came to check on the plants.

TENNESSEE: Memphis officials cash in on benefits. Former Memphis Mayor Richard
Hackett and his top aides drew more than $ 200,000 for unused vacation and sick
time when they left office this year, and the City Council is not pleased. "This
is tantamount to robbery," said council member Jerome Rubin. But former City
Attorney Clifford Pierce Jr. said the payments are le gal. "It's been done for
years in Memphis," he said.

TENNESSEE: Plastic parts plant may close. The Aeroquip Corp. will close its
plant in Franklin this summer if it cannot be sold, leaving 250 people without
jobs. The 122,000-square-foot facility makes injection- molded plastic parts,
including automotive spoilers and fins. The company, based in Toledo, Ohio, is
closing the plant because of lagging orders from auto manufacturers.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 16, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

N.J. LAW;
Crime Drops for Third Year in Row, a National Trend, and Reasons Abound

BYLINE: By KIRSTY SUCATO

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Page 8; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 782 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


There were those who wanted to take take credit, those who had perfectly fine
explanations and others elbowing for a little bit of both.

One thing was certain, crime in New Jersey -- mirroring similar declines around
the country -- dropped for the third straight year in 1997 to its lowest level
since 1973, according to a state police report made public Tuesday.

The 6 percent drop over the previous year kept pace with the rest of the
Northeast and exceeded a national drop of 4 percent, said John Hagerty, a
spokesman for the State Police. Indeed, crime dropped in every major category:
murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, larceny, burglary and motor vehicle
theft.

Police reported 326,912 complaints of those crimes last year, down from 346,094
in 1996. New Jersey, like the rest of the nation, has seen a steady reduction in
crime since the early 1990's for several reasons -- including the aging of the
baby boom generation, longer prison sentences, a move toward community policing,
and a cooling off of the turf wars that marked the early days of the crack
epidemic in the late 1980's, said James Alan Fox, the dean of the school of
criminology at Northeastern University.

"You need to look at the long-term context," Dean Fox said. "Good years tend to
be followed by bad years and bad years tend to be followed by good years, the
same as the stock market."

While raw figures do not make useful comparisons, the number of crimes per
resident do. Overall, crime fell by 7 percent last year -- to 40.9 crimes for
every 1,000 residents as against 43.8 in 1996. Violent crimes fell to 5 per
1,000 residents from 5.4 the year before, the third largest drop in violent
crime since the state started tracking crimes in 1966. Murder fell by only one
percent, from 337 to 334 last year. The murder rate remained steady at less than
one-tenth of 1 percent per 1,000 residents.

Alfred Blumstein, a criminologist at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh,
said that because murder is one of the most reliable indicators of crime, the
tiny decrease could indicate that the downward trend is petering out.

In releasing the figures on Tuesday, Governor Whitman and Peter Verniero, the
state attorney general, credited community policing and tougher sentencing laws
for the lower crime rates. "I am pleased to report that New Jersey continues to
win the war against crime," Governor Whitman said. "We have become a better and
safer place in which to work, live and raise a family." She added: "We can't
afford to be complacent. There are too many guns in the hands of criminals.
There's too much violence and too many people are abusing drugs."

Exceptions to the good news included a 1 percent rise in overall crime in Salem,
Somerset and Union counties. And violent crime rose by 11 percent in Burlington
County, 3 percent in Monmouth and Salem counties and 1 percent in Ocean County.

And Mr. Hagerty, the state police spokesman, said the three counties with an
increase in overall crime also experienced the biggest rise in population.

"You have more people coming into those counties, which provides more
opportunities for criminal acts," he said.

Murders rose in Camden County -- from 36 to 53, but the county prosecutor, Lee
A. Solomon, noted that in July six children were killed in a car struck by a
drunken driver and their deaths were classified as homicides. Mr. Solomon said
that murders have declined overall since 1995, when the county reported 65
murders.

"There are so many reasons why it might spike up, but it clearly looks over the
last four or five years that the trend has been downward," he said.

Rapes increased 18 percent in Middlesex County and 16 percent in Bergen County.
Ike Gavzy, the chief of the Sex Crimes Unit in the Bergen County prosecutor's
office, said he could not account for the increase, though he noted that reports
have been rising steadily for the past 8 years.

But along with the good news, there were also some mysteries. For instance,
aggravated assault, which dropped 3 percent statewide to 20,635, jumped by 7
percent in Gloucester County. And burglary, which decreased by four percent
statewide to 60,941, rose 7 percent in Passaic County.

Overall, crime dropped 22 percent in the cities, 3 percent in the suburbs and 7
percent in rural areas. Carjacking fell by 22 percent, domestic violence fell by
3 percent and bias crimes dropped 22 percent.

Still, residents and officials, like Governor Whitman, took comfort in the
numbers.

"What I think is happening is that law enforcement and the criminal justice
system has become more user friendly," Mr. Gavsy said. "People are more likely
to pursue complaints."

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: "Once Again, a Safer State"
For the third year in a row, crime declined statewide in every major category.

VIOLENT CRIMES
                          '96       '97  '97 RATE    '96-97 '97 PCTG.
                                              PER
CRIME                   TOTAL     TOTAL   100,000   CHANGE* CLEARED**
                                        RESIDENTS
MURDER                    337       334         +         +     84.7%
RAPE                    1,972     1,730       0.2        0%      52.7
ROBBERY                18,859    16,953       2.1       -13      27.0
ASSAULT                21,252    20,635       2.6        -4      61.4
TOTAL                  42,420    39,652       5.0        -7      46.5

NONVIOLENT CRIMES
BURGLARY               63,163    60,941       7.6       -5%     13.8%
LARCENY               194,074    185142      23.2        -6      20.5
VEHICLE THEFT          46,437    41,177       5.2       -12       5.4
TOTAL                 303,674   287,260      35.9        -7      16.9


* Change in the rate per 100,000. **Percentage of crimes resulting in arrests.
+Number of murders was too small to calculate a percentage.

(Source: New Jersey State Police)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 9, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Report Links Crimes to States With Weak Gun Controls

BYLINE: By FOX BUTTERFIELD

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 808 words


A new Congressional study using data from the Federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco
and Firearms shows that a handful of states, most in the South, with weak gun
control laws are responsible for supplying a large percentage of the guns used
in crimes in other states.

The study found that four states -- Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Texas
-- accounted for a quarter of all guns seized that were acquired outside the
state where they were used in crimes. Altogether, the 10 states with the loosest
gun-control laws accounted for 54.2 percent of all the out-of-state guns traced
to crimes in 1996, the report said.

The report, prepared by the staff of Representative Charles E. Schumer, Democrat
of Brooklyn, also found that "gunrunners use major Interstate highways as their
smuggling routes," especially I-95, which runs from southern Florida to Maine,
bringing guns from Florida, Georgia and South Carolina to New York, New Jersey
and Massachusetts, and I-55, which runs through Mississippi to Chicago.

Florida, which has no restrictions on the purchase of handguns beyond the
five-day waiting period mandated by Federal law, was responsible for selling
1,243 guns that ended up being used by criminals in other states in 1996, the
most of any state, according to the study. Of the total, 181 guns originally
bought in Florida ended up being used in crimes in New York; 135 in Washington,
D.C., and 82 in New Jersey. Ali Abu Kamal, the man who fired into a crowd of
tourists at the top of the Empire State Building in February, killing one and
wounding six others before he killed himself, bought the .380-caliber Beretta he
used in the shooting in Florida for $475.

The northward flow of guns on Interstate 95 is a one-way route, the study found.
For example, while there were 702 guns bought in Florida, Georgia and South
Carolina that were used in crimes in New York or New Jersey in 1996, there were
just 11 guns bought in New York or New Jersey that were traced to crimes in the
three Southern states.

Outside the South, the study found three other states serving primarily as
exporters of guns used in crimes: Kansas, which supplies Missouri; Indiana,
which helps supply Illinois, and Ohio, which provides guns used in Illinois,
Michigan, New York and Pennsylvania.

Alfred Blumstein, a criminologist at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh,
said the new study "highlights the vulnerability in our Federal system of a
state's attempt to control guns within its borders because with the interstate
traffic criminals can get their guns from any of the states with lesser controls
and import them."

Mr. Schumer said the report was "the first study that shows conclusively that
gun control works for the simple reason that states with weak gun control laws
are exporting guns to states with tough gun control laws."

"If the laws didn't work, the flows would be even," Mr. Schumer said.

As a result of the opportunities for illegal gun trafficking created by
differences in gun control laws, he said, "we really have to go after the
gunrunners with the same focus that we have gone after the drug runners."

To this end, Mr. Schumer said he would introduce legislation today to create a
new Federal crime of gunrunning. The measure would make it illegal for anyone to
sell five or more guns across state lines within a one-year period with the
intent of selling or transfering the guns to another person.

Wayne LaPierre, executive vice president of the National Rifle Association, said
he would oppose the bill because the only way to detemine who sold more than
five guns a year across state lines would be to set up a national gun
registration system, a step the N.R.A. opposes as unconstitutional.

In the past, it would have been difficult to develop the data that were used in
compiling the new report, several experts said, because the Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco and Firearms had been under political pressure from Congress and
previous Administrations to minimize the amount of work it did in tracing gun
ownership.

Presidents Ronald Reagan and George Bush were "soft on gun control," Professor
Blumstein said, and Mr. Reagan even campaigned on a pledge to abolish the bureau
to curry favor with the N.R.A.

But under President Clinton, the experts said, the firearms agency has been
allowed to greatly expand its role in tracing guns used in crimes, so that the
number of traces of guns used in crimes is expected to reach 100,000 this year,
up from 45,104 in 1992, said John Limbach, a spokesman for the agency.

This increase in the scope of the gun tracing program is crucial because "the
volume is now large enough to constitute a good nationwide sample" of what
gunrunning actually looks like, said David Kennedy, a senior researcher at the
John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "A CLOSER LOOK: Tracing Guns to Their Source"
Results of a new Congressional study found that a large percentage of guns used
in crimes across the country could be traced back to a handful of states. Graph
shows the top five states for 1996. (Source: Rep. Charles E. Schumer's Office,
based on data provided by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 11, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Corrections

SECTION: Section A;  Page 2;  Column 6;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 65 words


Because of an editing error, an article on Dec. 31 about the drop in violent
crime in New York City referred incorrectly to the corresponding rates in
Hartford and Newark.  While the number of all crimes in those cities increased
during the first six months of 1995 over the same period a year earlier,
according to Justice Department figures, the number of violent crimes decreased.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Correction

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                              June 19, 2015 Friday
                                 Early Edition

The puzzling persistence of the U.S. hate crime rate

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 541 words


While the number of active hate groups in the U.S. has fallen in recent years,
the hate crime rate remains steady, and blacks remain the group most likely to
experience racially motivated violence. The Washington Post offers some context
on hate crimes and hate groups from the Southern Poverty Law Center, the FBI and
other sources.

Blacks experience the most hate crime FBI hate crime data show that more than 50
out of every one million black citizens was the victim of a racially motivated
hate crime in 2012, the highest among any racial group. The FBI is reliant on
state and local law enforcement agencies to categorize and report hate crimes
correctly. Some agencies do a better job of this than others, and there is
general agreement that the FBI numbers are significantly lower than they should
be.

Hate crime rates stable over past decade The Bureau of Justice Statistics
provides the most comprehensive overall count of hate crime incidents. Their
data, drawn from interviews with victims, shows the number of hate crimes has
remained fairly constant over the past 10 years, hovering between 200,000 and
300,000 annually. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, the number of
active hate groups, which it defines as "groups (that) have beliefs or practices
that attack or malign an entire class of people," more than doubled from 457 in
1999 to 1,018 in 2011. Since then, the number of active groups has declined to
784. The SPLC attributes this to various causes - including an improving economy
and recent crackdowns, as well as squabbling and splintering within the groups.

Hardship breeds hatred Researchers have tried to suss out the causes of hate
crime over the years. A 2002 review of hate crime literature by Princeton
economist Alan Krueger looked at the economic determinants of hate crime -
whether these crimes rose and fell in response to economic conditions like
poverty rate and unemployment. Krueger concludes that "rather than economic
conditions, the hate crimes literature points to a breakdown in law enforcement
and official sanctioning and encouragement of civil disobedience as significant
causes of the occurrence of hate crimes." Not so fast, say economists Matt Ryan
and Peter Leeson. In 2010 they examined the links between hate groups and hate
crime in the United States. Perhaps surprisingly, they find no relationship
between the number of hate groups in a state, and the number of hate crimes that
occur within that state in a given year. Instead, the primary determinants seem
to be economic.

Hate groups concentrated in Deep South, Northern Plains Hate groups aren't
distributed evenly by geography. Controlling for the population in each state,
hate groups are concentrated most in the Deep South and in the Montana/Idaho
region. Vermont and New Hampshire also stand out. Partially, this is a function
of low population - Vermont has fewer than 700,000 residents, which combined
with its four active hate groups gives it a high percapita value. But
researchers at Humboldt State University recently mapped geocoded tweets
containing hate speech, and their map does appear to show a high incidence of
hate-tweets originating in Vermont. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Goldman, The Associated Press; Noah Nicolaisen kneels at a
memorial near the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston on
Thursday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           January 18, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania's hate crime statute inadequate

LENGTH: 453  words


In 2008, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court upheld a lower-court ruling striking
down the state's Ethnic Intimidation Act that covered hate crimes based on,
among other things, sexual orientation, gender identity, and physical or mental
disability. As a result, Pennsylvania is one of 15 states that exclude sexual
orientation and gender identity in its definition of a hate crime.


Since then, high-profile crimes against specific groups across the state could
not be prosecuted under the state's hate-crime law. If they had been, those
convicted could have received more severe sentences, reported PublicSource.
Pennsylvania is not the only state with inadequate hate crime statutes. The
shortcomings of Ohio's hate crime law have emerged in the recent attacks on gays
and transgender victims in Cleveland. The law's failure to include sexual
orientation and sexual identity is amplified by the fact that Cleveland and
Akron are preparing to host the 2014 Gay Games.
Ohio law broadly defines hate crimes as criminal acts motivated by prejudice or
intolerance and directed toward a member of a gender, racial, religious or
social group, according to the Ohio Bar Association website.
Only five states have no hate crime statute whatsoever. Fifteen states and the
District of Columbia have hate-crime laws that include sexual orientation and
gender identity and 15 address only sexual orientation, according to the
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force.
In 2009, President Barack Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr.
Hate Crimes Prevention Act - both sexual orientation and gender identity are
specifically included in federal law. The law extended the federal hate crimes
statute protecting people against violence based on sexual orientation and
gender identity along with race, religion, gender, national origin and
disability.
The federal statute has permitted the Department of Justice to intervene in
cases that might have otherwise been prosecuted by state authorities.
In Texas, which has a broad hate crime statute, local authorities have turned
over a "knockout" assault to federal prosecutors. Knockout is the criminal act
of randomly punching a stranger in the jaw with the intent of knocking them
unconscious. A white man in Texas is in federal custody after punching a
79-year-old black man and knocking him unconscious.
A lawyer for the man said in an interview that he planned to challenge the
constitutionality of the federal hate crimes statute. The lawyer told The
Huffington Post it was "absolutely" inappropriate for the federal government to
get involved in this case, and that this type of alleged assault should have
been charged under existing Texas law.© 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 19, 2007 Monday
                                CAROLINA EDITION

THE NATION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 582 words


Report calls Detroit most dangerous city

DETROIT - In another blow to the Motor City's tarnished image, Detroit pushed
past St. Louis to become the nation's most dangerous city, according to a
private research group's controversial analysis of annual FBI crime statistics,
released Sunday.

The study drew harsh criticism even before it came out. The American Society of
Criminology launched a pre-emptive strike Friday, issuing a statement attacking
it as "an irresponsible misuse" of crime data.

The 14th annual "City Crime Rankings: Crime in Metropolitan America" was
published by CQ Press, a unit of Congressional Quarterly Inc. It is based on the
FBI's Sept. 24 crime statistics report.

The report looked at 378 cities with at least 75,000 people based on per-capita
rates for homicide, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary and auto theft.
Each category was considered separately and weighted based on its seriousness,
CQ Press said.

Last year's crime leader, St. Louis, fell to No. 2. Another Michigan city,
Flint, ranked third, followed by Oakland, Calif.; Camden, N.J.; Birmingham,
Ala.; North Charleston, S.C.; Memphis, Tenn.; Richmond, Calif.; and Cleveland.
Atlanta ranked 22nd.

The study ranked Mission Viejo, Calif., as the safest U.S. city.

Spilled oil could spread far

SAN FRANCISCO - Tides predicted to peak shortly after Thanksgiving could wash
sticky, thick balls of oil off beaches and spread them to places previously
unaffected after a cargo ship hit a bridge this month, spilling 58,000 gallons
of fuel.

Most of the oil floating on the water has already washed up on beaches or was
recovered by cleanup teams by early last week, according to an environmental
study of the spill, federal and state officials said Sunday.

The analysis said there was a "slight chance" some oil could reach as far as Ano
Nuevo, a pristine wilderness coastline more than 40 miles south.

Brawley's mother wants inquiry

NEW YORK - Twenty years after her allegations of a racially charged rape became
a national flashpoint, Tawana Brawley's mother and stepfather want to reopen the
case, a newspaper reported Sunday.

Glenda Brawley and Ralph King want to press Gov. Eliot Spitzer and state
Attorney General Andrew Cuomo to re-examine the November 1987 incident, which a
state grand jury ultimately concluded was a hoax, the Daily News reported.

"New York State owes my daughter. They owe her the truth," Glenda Brawley said.
She reiterated her stance that her daughter was raped by a group of white men
who smeared her with feces and scrawled racial epithets on her body.

A former prosecutor won a defamation case against Tawana Brawley after the jury
concluded that the story was fabricated.

In other news

The national average price for gasoline rose about 13 cents over the past two
weeks, with the average price of regular gasoline climbing to $3.09 a gallon,
oil industry analyst Trilby Lundberg said Sunday.

GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee said Sunday that he rejects letting
states decide whether to allow abortions, claiming the right to life is a moral
issue not subject to multiple interpretations.

A Roman Catholic religious order has agreed to pay $50 million to more than 100
Alaska Natives who allege sexual abuse by Jesuit priests, a lawyer said Sunday.

Officials in Southern California began deploying firefighting crews and
equipment Sunday as meteorologists predicted a return of the dry winds that
stoked last month's devastating brush blazes.

- Edited from wire reports by Jason Harmon

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 19, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THE NATION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 584 words


Report calls Detroit most dangerous city

DETROIT - In another blow to the Motor City's tarnished image, Detroit pushed
past St. Louis to become the nation's most dangerous city, according to a
private research group's controversial analysis of annual FBI crime statistics,
released Sunday.

The study drew harsh criticism even before it came out. The American Society of
Criminology launched a pre-emptive strike Friday, issuing a statement attacking
it as "an irresponsible misuse" of crime data.

The 14th annual "City Crime Rankings: Crime in Metropolitan America" was
published by CQ Press, a unit of Congressional Quarterly Inc. It is based on the
FBI's Sept. 24 crime statistics report.

The report looked at 378 cities with at least 75,000 people based on per-capita
rates for homicide, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary and auto theft.
Each category was considered separately and weighted based on its seriousness,
CQ Press said.

Last year's crime leader, St. Louis, fell to No. 2. Another Michigan city,
Flint, ranked third, followed by Oakland, Calif.; Camden, N.J.; Birmingham,
Ala.; North Charleston, S.C.; Memphis, Tenn.; Richmond, Calif.; and Cleveland.
Atlanta ranked 22nd.

The study ranked Mission Viejo, Calif., as the safest U.S. city.

Spilled oil could spread far

SAN FRANCISCO - Tides predicted to peak shortly after Thanksgiving could wash
sticky, thick balls of oil off beaches and spread them to places previously
unaffected after a cargo ship hit a bridge this month, spilling 58,000 gallons
of fuel.

Most of the oil floating on the water has already washed up on beaches or was
recovered by cleanup teams by early last week, according to an environmental
study of the spill, federal and state officials said Sunday.

The analysis said there was a "slight chance" some oil could reach as far as Ano
Nuevo, a pristine wilderness coastline more than 40 miles south.

Brawley's mother wants inquiry

NEW YORK - Twenty years after her allegations of a racially charged rape became
a national flashpoint, Tawana Brawley's mother and stepfather want to reopen the
case, a newspaper reported Sunday.

Glenda Brawley and Ralph King want to press Gov. Eliot Spitzer and state
Attorney General Andrew Cuomo to re-examine the November 1987 incident, which a
state grand jury ultimately concluded was a hoax, the Daily News reported.

"New York State owes my daughter. They owe her the truth," Glenda Brawley said.
She reiterated her stance that her daughter was raped by a group of white men
who smeared her with feces and scrawled racial epithets on her body.

A former prosecutor won a defamation case against Tawana Brawley after the jury
concluded that the story was fabricated.

In other news

The national average price for gasoline rose about 13 cents over the past two
weeks, with the average price of regular gasoline climbing to $3.09 a gallon,
oil industry analyst Trilby Lundberg said Sunday.

GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee said Sunday that he rejects letting
states decide whether to allow abortions, claiming the right to life is a moral
issue not subject to multiple interpretations.

A Roman Catholic religious order has agreed to pay $50 million to more than 100
Alaska Natives who allege sexual abuse by Jesuit priests, a lawyer said Sunday.

Talks broke down Sunday between striking Broadway stagehands and theater
producers, with the producers' league announcing it has canceled performances
through the lucrative Thanksgiving holiday weekend.

- Edited from wire reports by Jason Harmon

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: national briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           September 2, 2006 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Murders Up Nationwide But Not Here

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 319 words


While overall crime rates have fallen in recent years, the nation has witnessed
a significant increase in murder over the last 18 months.

Jacksonville had the highest murder rate in Florida last year - 11 murders per
100,000 people. Ninety-six people died there in 2005.

Orlando broke a decades-old murder record last month with its 37th homicide of
the year. Orange County had 74 murders in 2005.

By contrast, the number of murders in Hillsborough and Tampa fell slightly - 23
people were killed in the county, down from 27 the previous year; and 30 were
killed in the city, down from 31.

Much of the credit goes to an emphasis on community policing and preventing
property crimes. When property crimes are kept in check, violent crimes are not
as likely to escalate.

Still, the national trend is worrisome. Last year about 16,000 people were slain
in the United States.

In Philadelphia, homicides jumped from 330 to 377 in one year. Houston saw
murders climb from 272 to 334. And the police chief of Washington, D.C., last
month declared a crime emergency after the city saw its 11th homicide in 13
days.

Last week in the nation's capital, mayors and police chiefs at a national crime
summit said killers are getting younger, encouraged by everything from
methamphetamines to gangs. Some chiefs said law enforcement is suffering as
federal funds are diverted to homeland security and the war in Iraq.

Whatever the underlying causes, Hillsborough residents can be thankful that the
number of murders here is going down.

LOCAL NUMBERS

The number of murders in Tampa and Hillsborough County is trending down. Law
enforcement credits focus on property crimes, which left unchecked can lead to
violent crimes, including homicide.

Tribune graphic; Sources: Tampa Police Department, Hillsborough County Sheriff's
Office

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OUR OPINION

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC
.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     September 20, 2001 Thursday 2D EDITION

Crime dips 21% in week of attacks

BYLINE: By John Moore, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 452 words


Violent crime in Denver fell 21 percent during the week of  the terrorist
attacks, compared to the previous week, according to  a Denver Post analysis of
Police Department reports.

The decreases came in almost every category of violent crime  - rapes, robbery
and aggravated assaults.

The only category showing an increase was murder, which went  from none to one
because of the shooting death of Assistant Fire  Chief Charles Drennan Jr.

Police also noted a 22 percent drop in burglaries, which are  classified as
property crimes.

More people stayed home last week watching news reports,  police said, creating
a natural crime deterrent.

The large number of public gatherings, vigils and fundraisers  in the area also
helped, as did an increased police presence  throughout the city.

'I think it is temporary but appreciated,' Denver Police  Chief Gerry Whitman
said.

'Our attention is diverted away from ourselves to a bigger  thing, the prospect
of impending war. I don't know how long it  will last, but for now, it forces us
together,' Whitman said.

Crime always drops in times of national tragedy, said Dennis  Mileti, director
of the Hazards Center at the University of  Colorado, the nation's leading
repository for information on human  behavior during disasters.

'Disasters bring out the best in human beings,' said Mileti,  who has researched
50 years of data on the subject.

'We give up on our individual goals and identities, and  associate with the
collective as a whole. When that happens,  things like stealing, which is a
self-identity kind of thing, fall  off,' Mileti said.

Though violent crime was down in Denver, the total number of  crimes reported
were about the same because of jumps in larceny  and both auto and non-auto
vehicle theft.

Police researchers said the offenders in those nonviolent  categories are more
likely to be juvenile offenders.

Similar checks of records in Jefferson, Arapahoe, Adams  and Boulder counties
showed no significant change in either  direction.

But Denver was not the only urban area reporting sharp  declines in violent
crime. Serious crime in Los Angeles dropped 20  percent compared with the same
period a year ago, the Los Angeles  Daily News reported.

In New York City, violent crime dropped 34 percent from the  same week a year
ago, though someone did manage to steal a  $ 320,000 Picasso in broad daylight
from an art galley at 78th  Street and Madison Avenue.

Whitman said Denver last experienced a similar drop in  violent crime when Pope
John Paul II visited in 1993. 'That event  had a calming effect on the whole
city,' Whitman said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post Violent crime drops

TYPE: STATISTICS

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 4, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Cities Reduce Crime and Conflict Without New York-Style Hardball

BYLINE: By FOX BUTTERFIELD

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1534 words


With the city's stunning drop in crime in the 1990's, many New Yorkers have come
to assume that aggressive police tactics and crime reductions are inextricably
linked.

But a look at other cities around the nation suggests that large reductions in
crime can be achieved in places that rely less on the confrontational law
enforcement measures New York has used, like the stopping and searching of
thousands of people for guns by the Street Crime Unit, four of whose officers
were acquitted in the killing of Amadou Diallo.

In fact, some cities, notably San Diego and Boston, have recorded as big or even
larger drops in violence while employing strategies that rely on close
cooperation between the police and the community and have ended up improving
race relations.

In the eyes of many police chiefs and criminologists, San Diego and Boston have
become the national models of policing, and while New York's accomplishments are
also studied and admired, there is a sense of sadness that a great opportunity
has been squandered.

"To see crime rates down but people still fearful of the police is not a healthy
situation," said Jeremy Travis, the director of the National Institute of
Justice, the research arm of the Justice Department, and a former deputy police
commissioner in New York. "The national challenge is to bring crime down while
simultaneously enhancing public confidence in the agencies of justice, and that
is what dropped out of the picture in New York."

Rana Sampson, a former police sergeant in New York who is director of public
safety for the University of San Diego, said: "New York has paid a huge price.
What the N.Y.P.D. did was throw people at the problem, putting cops on every
corner, but who wants to live in a society like that?"

But New York City police officials dispute suggestions that the department is
more confrontational than others, and they say that its outreach efforts do not
receive enough attention. "The commissioner and the precinct commanders do
community meetings all the time," said Maureen Casey, a deputy commissioner for
policy and planning. "Not only is the feedback positive, but consistently the
thing that the community asks for is more police officers."

Statistically, New York, Boston and San Diego have all achieved enormous
declines since crime began dropping nationally in 1991. From 1991 to 1998, the
murder rate fell 76.4 percent in San Diego, the largest decline of any major
city, with New York second at 70.6 percent and Boston third at 69.3 percent,
according to Alfred Blumstein, a professor of criminology at Carnegie Mellon
University in Pittsburgh. Their robbery rates showed a similar pattern. During
those same years, the robbery rate dropped 62.6 percent in San Diego, also the
steepest decline, and 60.1 percent in New York and 50.2 percent in Boston.

But the three cities employed very different strategies. New York stressed tough
enforcement, San Diego pioneered community and problem-solving policing, and
Boston developed an approach combining careful research, participation by local
ministers and selective action against the worst criminals.

Several other large cities have also reported sharp decreases in crime -- the
murder rate fell 62.8 percent in San Antonio from 1991 to 1998, 61.3 percent in
Houston, 59.3 percent in Los Angeles and 52.4 percent in Dallas -- without as
coherent a strategy as those in New York, San Diego or Boston.

Indeed, law enforcement experts acknowledge that they are baffled by the decline
in Los Angeles, whose Police Department has been plagued by scandals and low
morale and has seen a drop in arrests. This suggests some, or much, of the
nationwide reduction in crime may well stem from factors beyond better policing,
like longer prison sentences, the improved economy and changes in the attitude
of young people toward drugs and crime.

One way to understand the variations in police tactics in different cities is to
look at the cities themselves and their leaders, said Herman Goldstein, a
professor emeritus at the University of Wisconsin Law School and perhaps the
most widely respected authority on policing. "A community gets the policing it
deserves, or demands," he said.

In New York, under Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani -- a former federal prosecutor --
and his first police commissioner, William J. Bratton, there was a two-pronged
approach. They began a new emphasis on the rigorous collection of crime
statistics and holding precinct commanders accountable for addressing them.

At the same time, they created the Street Crime Unit to patrol for violent armed
criminals and to stop large numbers of people in high-crime neighborhoods to
check for guns, and they instructed all officers to crack down on petty crimes
like graffiti. Community policing, which makes citizens the allies of the
police, was scorned as social work by Mr. Giuliani and abandoned by his second
commissioner, Howard Safir.

"They tried to do all this too quickly," Professor Goldstein said, "without the
investment of years of groundwork in refined training and supervision and
discipline. Historically, this is a prescription for runaway police
organizations."

San Diego took almost the opposite approach, he said. By the 1990's, it had
already invested heavily in careful training and was already using the kind of
statistical crime mapping that Mr. Bratton brought later to New York.

"Our basic premise was, we didn't have enough police officers to do it all, so
we needed participation by the community," said Jerry Sanders, who retired as
San Diego's police chief last year. San Diego has 1.7 officers per 1,000
residents, compared with 5 per 1,000 in New York.

So San Diego adopted community policing. After a series of meetings with
citizens, the police divided the city into 99 neighborhoods, with a police team
assigned to each, so that residents could get to know their police officers and
feel comfortable giving them information. The city also recruited l,200
volunteers, many of them retired, to watch over neighborhoods. They receive
police training, wear policelike uniforms and drive official vehicles.

In addition to using crime figures, Mr. Sanders decided to measure his
department's success with an annual survey of public satisfaction. The most
recent one showed approval at 89 percent, he said.

Boston's approach began with an effort to figure out the real source of crime in
the city and how to reduce it with the least racial confrontation.  David
Kennedy, a senior researcher at Harvard, was hired to help, and he advised
focusing on gun violence, not on gangs or drugs, a seemingly small distinction,
but a crucial one for enforcement.

Mr. Kennedy, along with a team of Boston police officers and representatives of
the district attorney's office, the United States attorney's office, the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, began tracing how guns got into the hands of
criminals and discovering who the most serious offenders were. They then began
consulting black ministers to win their cooperation in going after the
ringleaders.

The team, including the ministers, began inviting known criminals, drug dealers
and young gang members to what they termed "call-ins," meetings at which they
were warned the violence had to stop or there would be federal prosecutions. The
few who did not heed the warnings have been arrested and are now facing long
federal sentences. The number of arrests and confrontations on the street with
the police were minimal, Mr. Kennedy said.

The program has been so successful that in the past two-and-a-half years, only
one juvenile has been killed by gunfire in Boston.

Mr. Bratton, who was appointed by Mr. Giuiliani in December 1993 after serving
as Boston's police commissioner, said that given New York's high crime rate, an
aggressive approach was needed at first. But then as crime dropped, he said,
"the mayor made a conscious decision not to put in place the other half of the
strategy, reaching out to the black religious and political leaders."

The former commissioner, a frequent critic of Mr. Giuliani since his ouster,
added, "If we had reached out in New York the way we reached out in Boston, we
could have not only solved the crime problem, but we could have begun to resolve
the race problem too."

The Boston model, which evolved over time, has succeeded in several other
cities, including High Point, N.C., Indianapolis, New Haven, Memphis and
Portland, Ore. In High Point, where it has been directed by Walter Holton Jr., a
United States attorney, a team like Boston's has called in 150 known criminals
and given them warnings. Since it started in December 1998, Mr. Holton said,
there has not been a single drug- or gang-related murder, after nine murders
each in 1997 and 1998. The number of citizen complaints against the police has
been cut in half.

"It's a very nontraditional approach to law enforcement," Mr. Holton said, and
it benefits from the cooperation of the black ministers, who have told criminals
that if they do not stop breaking the law, "don't expect to come hide in my
church."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 7, 2000, Tuesday

CORRECTION:

An article on Saturday about several cities that have reduced crimewithout the
aggressive police tactics used in New York misstated the origin of the New York
Police Department's Street Crime Unit. It was created in the 1970's by Police
Commissioner Patrick Murphy and greatly enlarged in the late 1990's under Howard
Safir, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's second police commissioner. It was not
created during the tenure of Mayor Giuliani's first commissioner, William J.
Bratton.


GRAPHIC: Chart/Table: "BY THE NUMBERS: Safer Streets Nationwide"
Decreases in homicide and robbery rates (crimes per 100,000 population) in some
major cities from 1991 to 1998, listed in the order of homicide rate change.

           Homicide   Robbery
               rate      Rate
               1991      1998         %      1991      1998         %
                               DECREASE                      DECREASE
                                IN RATE                       IN RATE
San Diego     14.73      3.48      76.4       470       176      62.6
New York      29.31      8.60      70.6     1,340       535      60.1
City
Boston        19.76      6.07      69.3       836       417      50.2
San           21.76      8.08      62.8       395       162      59.1
Antonio
Houston       36.49     14.13      61.3       833       429      48.5
Los           28.86     11.76      59.3     1,118       437      60.9
Angeles
Dallas        48.64     23.14      52.4     1,095       540      50.7
Detroit       59.36     43.00      27.6     1,310       856      34.7
Chicago       32.91     25.55      22.3     1,558       840      46.0
Total          9.79      6.26      36.1       273       165      39.4
U.S.


(Source: Based on F.B.I. Uniform Crime Reports, compiled by Professor Alfred
Blumstein, Carnegie Mellon University)(pg. B4)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 4, 1999, Wednesday, Home Edition

Night Out hopes crime takes many nights off

BYLINE: Gita M. Smith, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 574 words

Somewhere in the nation Tuesday night, the message may have reached a budding
criminal that this country is sick of violence and crime.

At least that was the purpose of the 16th annual National Night Out, a crime and
drug prevention event that was set to attract 32 million U.S. and Canadian
participants.

Across metro Atlanta, citizens walked their streets with flashlights, sat on
their porches and stoops, shared potluck meals and vigils, and got to know their
neighborhood police a little better.

"National Night Out turns the clock back 40 or 50 years to a time when neighbors
knew neighbors, people routinely looked out for one another, and everyone knew
the cop on the beat," said NNO creator Matt Peskin.

In Boston, 800 Crime Watch groups threw block parties, stoop sits and cookouts.
In Vicksburg, Miss., a police sergeant spent the 168 hours prior to National
Night Out in a demolished car to show that "crime prevention is no accident." In
New Orleans, hundreds of neighborhood events were planned to " Give Crime and
Drugs a Going-away Party."

DeKalb County residents turned out for more than 40 events in a county where
Neighborhood Watch organizations have beaten down crime statistics from triple-
to double-digit annual figures, said Public Safety Director Thomas E. Brown.

"It's nice," said Betty Banks, president of the Tobie Grant Residents
Association, which put on a dinner with police and firefighters at the housing
complex.

Banks tended fish bubbling in oil in a cooker. Balloons floated from tables
laden with brochures on crime prevention, drunken driving and fire safety.
Children lined up to tour a fire engine and crowded around a suited-up
firefighter.

Brown visited the Night Out at Tobie Grant with his children, Justin, 10, and
Brittany, 14. "It helps you know that you have people here other than drug
dealers and molesters," Brittany said.

At a Kroger store in Snellville, Heather Holland had her 6-year-old daughter
Alexis fingerprinted by Gwinnett County police Officer Rolando Jimenez. They
were two of the 50 customers who pushed aside their grocery carts to talk to
Jimenez about safety. "People are learning how to be more alert," the officer
said.

Donald Cote, who organized the Conyers-Rockdale activities, said the shooting at
Heritage High School in May shocked people, and now residents in the city and
county are trying to prevent outbreaks of violence.

"People say crime is not bad in Conyers, but we're trying to take a proactive
stance," said Cote, who attended a gathering in his subdivision across the
street from Heritage. "This sort of event promotes community building, which I
think lessens crime. You get to know your neighbors and your neighbor's kids,
and you look out for them and you talk. That's important."

At the East Point civic auditorium --- decorated red, white and blue ---
residents joined city officials for an evening of fun that included gospel
music, a high school band and a safety skit by Teens At Work.

Charles Barlow, from the East Washington neighborhood, said communities need to
be better educated about violence, particularly the multiple shootings that have
plagued Atlanta recently.

"We are working for clean and safe communities to live in, and the only way we
can do that is to eliminate violence any way we can," Barlow said.

--- Staff writers Rick Badie, Diane Loupe, Doug Nurse and S.A. Reid contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Kelly Shoemake (left) walks with the Crawford family --- Jordan, Jodi, Bailey
and Brian --- during National Night Out in Conyers Tuesday. Acitivities across
the country taught crime prevention. / CATHY SEITH / Staff

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 7, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

DNA links burglars to harder crime

BYLINE: Richard Willing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 275 words


Burglars, long considered a nonviolent breed that commits a low-priority
crime, increasingly are turning up as suspects in murders and
rapes.

States have had growing success solving violent crimes when they
have compared DNA left at crime scenes with databases holding
the DNA of convicted burglars. In some cases, more than half the
DNA investigations of unsolved violent crimes led to burglars.

That has led to new efforts to combat burglary. States also are
being urged to add burglars to a criminal DNA database.

"Burglary is a good predictor of violent crime," says Paul Ferrara,
director of Virginia's crime lab, which has matched burglars to
18 rapes. "People think of burglars as these . . . 'gentleman
bandit' types, but that often isn't the case."

Since the early 1990s, Florida and Virginia have used computers
to compare DNA taken from unsolved crimes, usually rape and murder,
with samples taken from convicted offenders, including burglars.

In Virginia, 60% of the crimes solved this way have been linked
to convicted burglars. In Florida, the percentage is about 50%.

Phoenix police have started a "burglary reduction program."
Police in Washington, D.C., may collect items left at burglary
scenes for DNA analysis.

"If we think of those (uncaught) burglars as potential rapists,
it puts catching them in a different light," San Diego assistant
prosecutor George "Woody" Clarke says.

A study by David Coffman, director of DNA analysis for Florida's
crime lab, suggests that convicted rapists and murderers are more
likely to have begun as burglars than as any other type of criminal.

LOAD-DATE: December 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 30, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Minnesota community joins others in fencing out crime

BYLINE: Carolyn Pesce

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn.


There's only one way in to Bearpath - through a 7-foot-high metal gate manned by
a 24-hour security guard and surveillance cameras.

Bearpath is unique to Minnesota, the only gated community in the state, say
developers. But the people who live here are joining a growing number of
homeowners nationwide moving behind fences, walls and gates.

Biggest reason: fear of crime.

"People are so fearful of the escalating crime in this country they're taking
steps to have some control over their environment," says Debra Bass of Community
Associations Institute of Alexandria, Va.

About 4 million people live in 30,000 gated communities nationwide. The number
of gated communities grew 17% in 1993 alone.

Once thought of as country club enclaves for the rich and famous located mainly
in the South and Southwest, these perceived havens of security are quickly
becoming a part of mainstream America.

-- Housing projects are erecting fences to keep out drug dealers and other
criminals.

-- Middle class neighborhoods are gating their streets and cul-de-sacs to fight
crime.

Critics say walls and fences can lead to a false sense of security and won't
stop crime from within. But statistics show the extra security does contribute
to a decrease in crime.

"There was this problem with drugs and prostitution," says Brenda Donnelly of
her urban neighborhood one mile outside Dayton, Ohio.

Once streets and alleys were gated and there was just one public entrance, crime
dropped dramatically, says Donnelly. "In comparison to the problems we were
having before, this is absolute heaven," says the mother of five.

The change in Donnelly's neighborhood, Five Oaks, was engineered by urban
planner Oscar Newman of Great Neck, N.Y., who advocates redesigning communities
across the country to cut down on crime and raise property values.

"This is the best thing that's ever happened for low-income, minority people,"
says Newman, who's working with the Justice Department to do the same thing in
50 neighborhoods in 12 USA cities, including Baltimore; Seattle; Wilmington,
Del.; Richmond, Calif. and Aurora, Colo.

Newman met Wednesday with Housing and Urban Development Secretary Henry Cisneros
to discuss funding for the project. He argues that his concept is better than
creating new, private communities like Bearpath, which he says lock residents
inside and the public outside, leading to isolation and discouraging diversity.

Many urban planners agree.

"It's a gang way of looking at life: I've got my turf and you've got your turf,"
says Norman Krumholz, urban planning professor at Cleveland State University who
discouraged gated communities as Cleveland's planning director in the 1970s.

Lisa Olson doesn't see it that way.

She and her husband, former Atlanta Braves catcher Greg Olson, are Minnesota
natives who bought a home in Bearpath because of the security - he often travels
and she's home alone with two young children. Olson also likes Bearpath for its
"sense of community."

While Bearpath is typical of many upscale gated communities - the average cost
of a home is $ 850,000 and a golf membership is $ 30,000 - the concept for some
here is still hard to accept.

"I just think it's kind of ridiculous," says Katie Shuldheiss, who with her
husband, Jim, lives near the development in a three-bedroom house of 20 years.
"To be so elite, and they're not going to be any safer than we are."

Still, Bearpath's David Chapman, who's developed three other gated communities
in Philadelphia, Atlanta and Palm Beach, says a survey shows security is the
"number one reason" people bought in Bearpath, even though crime isn't
considered a major problem here.

"It's the wave of the future," says Chapman. "Even if it isn't so needed right
now, it will be somewhere down the road."

LOAD-DATE: October 01, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY (Map); PHOTO, b/w, Carolyn Stewart, AP

CRIME

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 15, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

Louisiana couple's brutal welcome to Florida

BYLINE: BILL DURYEA

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; CRIME IN YOUR BACK YARD; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 691 words



The only records of Tara and Shannon Dutsch's 10-day stay in the Tampa area are
a motel registration and a fat court file.

    The first week in May, the couple boarded a bus from Baton Rouge with $ 600
and an idea that they would find work with a local cruise line. About 3 a.m. on
May 14, the couple took a bus back to Louisiana, penniless and emotionally
shattered by a brutal rape and robbery in their motel room a day earlier.

    "What they did to me, they might as well have killed me," Tara Dutsch, 20,
said recently.

    They had checked into the Tropicana Motel on E Columbus Drive, three blocks
from Interstate 4. They didn't know they were staying in the midst of a
neighborhood where every fourth resident is the victim of a serious crime.

    A heavy concentration of transient people, both criminals and victims, is a
major reason for the particularly high rate of crime there. In fact, the
neighborhood around the Tropicana was ranked 10th in the county among
neighborhoods with the highest rate of forcible sex, according to crime
statistics compiled by the St.  Petersburg Times.

    Just after 9 p.m. on May 12, Tara was sitting on the bed watching Ferris
Bueller's Day Off and waiting for Shannon to return with a bucket of ice. He
came back with two other men, one of whom was sticking a gun at Shannon's head.

    They ransacked the room looking for money that Shannon swore wasn't there.
They tore clothes out of the drawers until he produced a wallet with the last of
their stake: $ 257.

    But the men didn't stop there. They shoved Shannon, 23, under the bed, and
the two men took turns raping Tara on the mattress above him.

    They pressed the gun so hard against her cheekbone it left a bruise that
"makeup wouldn't even cover," she said.

    Throughout the ordeal, which lasted the length of the movie and then some,
Tara said the men repeatedly asked Shannon if he loved her.

    Tara squeezed her eyes tight, trying to ignore the horror.

    "Look at me Look at me " one of the men shouted, threatening to kill her if
she refused.

    But the effects of the rape didn't end when the two men ran from the room. A
festering tension was born between Shannon and Tara that ultimately made it
impossible for them to stay together.

    Shannon didn't want to call the police, Tara said. She took a scalding
shower and then called, anyway.

    When she became hysterical and ran from the rape crisis center later that
night, Shannon got mad at her for making a scene, she said.

    The couple spent the next day at loose ends, trying to find shelter and
enough money to get home. Finally, arrangements were made for relatives to buy
bus tickets for them.

    The tension between them continued when they got back to Walker, a town of
about 3,000 people just east of Baton Rouge.

    Tara had nightmares. She couldn't eat, and her weight dropped 25 pounds, to
110. She started smoking heavily. Shannon didn't understand, she said.

    "It's almost like he tried to block it out," she said. "I got to the point I
couldn't even look at him. I said, "Just stay away.' '

    Within a month of the attack, Shannon moved out, Tara said.  During the
summer, he moved to Bakersfield, Calif., and then on to Nevada to ply his
electrician's trade.

    Tara said she was fired from a job at a convenience store because of
confusion about when she would have to return to Tampa for the trial; her boss
refused to believe her when she said the date had been postponed a second time.

    But two weeks ago, Tara got some good news. The two men who attacked her,
Marvin Parker, 24, and Matthew Levon Smith, 24, pleaded guilty to rape, robbery,
armed burglary and other charges.  Each was sentenced to 40 years in Florida
State Prison and life probation.

    Tara Dutsch said the experience has quickened her resolve to make something
positive of her attack. She plans to take the civil service exam for a job as an
officer with the Baton Rouge Police Department.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press;
Tara Dutsch (Ran C, NS, S); Tara Dutsch (Ran T)

                            Times Publishing Company


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           March 28, 1973, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 26, Column 1

LENGTH: 137 words

Washington (DC) Police Dept rept for Feb '73 shows lowest monthly crime total
since '66; crime in major categories of homicide, robbery, rape and grand
larceny declined appreciably from Jan '73; Govt and tourist officials in city
are more optimistic now than at any time in last 5 yrs about crime problem in
Washington, which was once called 'crime capital' by Pres Nixon; serious crimes
dropped 13.3% in '71 from previous yr, and similar decrease is expected for '72;
FBI figures for '71 show that NYC, Detroit, Miami and Baltimore all had higher
rates of violent crimes than Washington, and 53 metropolitan areas had higher
homicide rates; officials credit drop to more policemen, installation of
high-intensity lighting in crime areas and more security precautions taken by
citizens; other statistics given; map; graph

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: CHRONOLOGIES (TABULAR SUMMARY)

GRAPHIC: COMBINATION (ANY 2 OR MORE)

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 2, 2007 Sunday

Are you safe in Victoria?: Experts say that it is all a matter of perception

BYLINE: Gabe Semenza, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 993 words


Sep. 2--Savannah Rodriguez, 22, was shot and killed in Riverside Park in June
2006 by a man thought to be in a gang. It's maybe not surprising, then, that
Lucy Olguin, the young woman's mother, feels Victoria is dangerous.

"If it were up to me, I'd move," Olguin, 42, said. "Victoria's just more violent
than what it was before."

But Laura Mungia, a 32-year-old who lives south of downtown Victoria, feels
differently.

"Overall, I would say, yes, the city is safe," Mungia said. "I feel protected
here."

The debate is important because a city is only as safe as its residents feel it
is, said Mark Warr, a sociology professor at the University of Texas at Austin.

"Fear of crime affects far more people than crime itself," Warr said. "Even a
small apparent risk of violent crime, as when a rapist is at large, can generate
a lot of fear."

The Advocate delved into crime statistics dating back to 1999, state figures
compiled by the Texas Department of Public Safety and similar national data
published by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Victoria's crime rate is
consistently greater than both the state and national average, considering the
total murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault and burglary rates.

It's no shock to Victoria County District Attorney Steve Tyler, who prosecuted
Rodriguez's murderer.

"Relatively speaking, no, Victoria County's not safe," Tyler said.

Tyler, like the DPS and FBI, offers his analysis based on a per capita basis --
which levels the playing field between cities of differing populations by
mathematically accounting for those differences.

This city's proximity to large urban areas, its socio-economic base and a spike
in gang and illegal immigrant activity all contribute to Victoria's crime rates,
Tyler said.

"We are not as safe as I'd like the community to be for my family and for
yours," he added.

Tyler pointed to Morgan Quinto, a Kansas-based independent research group that
statistically analyzes, among things, crime rates and health care in U.S.
cities.

The group ranked Victoria the 18th and ninth most dangerous U.S. city in 2002
and 2003 respectively -- more dangerous than Dallas and Laredo, and even
Washington, D.C., and New York City.

But since 2002 -- when Victoria had nine murders and a murder rate of more than
double state and national averages -- violent crimes have generally declined.

"Overall, it really is a safe city," said Bruce Ure, the Victoria police chief
since May.

Ure supplied the Advocate with police department statistics for 2006, and from
January to June of this year -- data that neither the DPS nor the FBI have fully
published. The most recent information from those agencies is only current
through 2005.

In 2006 Victoria's total crime rate -- of those crimes already listed --
decreased from a year prior. And so far this year, crime is down in nearly every
category from the same period a year ago.

This includes a 75 percent decrease in murder, from four in the first half of
2006 to one thus far this year.

"I think we're keeping up with the national trends in crime rate," Ure said.
"I'm pleased with our crime rate."

But Warr, the sociology professor, said perception is everything. Victoria's
track record may weigh heavier in minds than does any decrease in crime
statistics, he said.

To combat this perception, and the crimes that generate it, Ure said a slight
increase in the number of patrol cars on local streets allows officers to better
prevent crime. And he said the department has a new focus on training.

Sheriff T. Michael O'Connor, whose county crime stats are not included in this
story, spoke generally about crime in this area. He said he couldn't call
Victoria safe. He did say he believes it's safer than in years past.

"The everyday person is the judge," O'Connor said. "They say if the community is
safe or not."

Both the sheriff and police chief said raw crime data does not paint an
encompassing picture. Statistics don't reflect the number of thwarted crimes,
criminals prosecuted, crimes solved or law enforcement's response time, they
said.

And an increase in the rape rate may be due to an increase in women who feel
comfortable in reporting such crimes to law enforcement, Ure said.

Tyler, who either prosecutes or declines cases presented to him by law
enforcement, said he lives in a central Victoria neighborhood surrounded by high
crime.

While different areas of the city pose differing risks for crime, more crimes
are typically reported in the southeast portion of Victoria, according to police
department records.

"I think the people who are the safest always live in the greatest fear," Tyler
said. "I'd like to see zero crime. I'd like for us to live in unlocked homes.
Now, do I ever think we'll have utopia? Probably not. But I believe it's a good
goal to work toward."

James Martinez works toward teaching local law enforcement to strive for that
goal.

Martinez is a Victoria College police academy instructor who also coordinates
the criminal justice and emergency services programs.

"I think that if you feel safe going to the store, taking your kids to the park,
that goes a lot further than simple statistics," Martinez said. "I feel Victoria
is safe."

Still, Olguin, the mother whose eldest daughter was murdered just a few miles
from the family's home, wants to leave. She's pleaded with her husband to do so.

"But my husband said it doesn't matter where you move," Olguin said. "Crime is
everywhere." Gabe Semenza is a reporter for the Advocate. Contact him at
361-580-6519 or gsemenza@vicad.com, or comment on this story here.

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070902-VI-Are-you-safe-in-Victoria-0902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2007 Victoria Advocate


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            December 6, 2002 Friday

Area crime up 7.5 percent

BYLINE: By Amy Yarbrough and Josh Richman - STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: FRONT PAGE

LENGTH: 488 words


Robberies in Daly City plummeted during the first half of the year, while crime
as a whole rose slightly among major jurisdictions in California, according to
statistics released Thursday.

The report, compiled by the state Department of Justice using data from police
and sheriff's departments serving 100,000 people or more, showed a 7.5 percent
increase in crime overall.

The number of violent crimes grew 3.3 percent statewide -- largely due to a
spike in homicides -- and property-related crimes climbed 9.8 percent, compared
to the state data for same time period in 2001.

While information from smaller cities will be released later in the year, DOJ
Spokesman Mike Van Winkle said the preliminary numbers are often a good
barometer for the state.

"These early reports have been a real good indicator of where crime is going,"
Van Winkle said. "These large cities ... tend to be the leaders when it comes to
trends."

The DOJ uses six categories of crimes -- homicide, robbery, forcible rape,
aggravated assault, burglary and motor-vehicle theft -- to calculate crime
totals, known as the California Crime Index.

Daly City, the only jurisdiction in the County populous enough to qualify for
the report, and Hayward were the two Bay Area cities with a decline in their
overall totals.

Daly City's total crime dropped 2.8 percent between January and June -- 455
crimes, compared to 468 last year.

But while violent crime fell 15 percent, largely due to a 34.2 percent drop in
robberies, property crimes were up 3.6 percent. The most significant increase
was in burglaries, up 19.8 percent.

Daly City Police Sgt. Don Griggs said it's hard to account for the drop in
certain crimes, but a spate of break-ins late last year and early 2002 may be to
blame for the increase in burglaries.

Most of those burglaries targeted Asian households, thefts centered around
Chinese New Year, Griggs said. Police have since met with Bay Area agencies that
have experienced similar crimes, and offered tips to the community on how avoid
becoming a victim.

"Whenever we see a rise in a particular type of crime, we do our best to address
it," he said.

While the overall crime rate in Hayward fell 0.8 percent, crime rates swelled in
several East Bay cities.

Berkeley saw a 22.8 percent rise in crime overall -- a 20.3 percent decrease in
violent crimes offset by a 35.1 percent hike in burglaries and a 40.8 rise in
car thefts.

In Oakland, the overall crime increase was 28.1 percent, fueled by a whopping
48.3 percent increase in robberies and large increases in property crimes --
burglaries up 35.1 percent and car thefts up 32.7 percent.

Four agencies -- San Francisco, San Jose, Stockton and Fremont -- did not meet
the cutoff date for inclusion in the report.

Staff writer Amy Yarbrough covers police and public safety. She can be reached
at 348-4339 or by email at ayarbrough@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 8, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Sentences 11 in Louisiana For Casino Video-Poker Fraud

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 25; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 313 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS, March 7


Eleven people, including a local reputed Mafia boss, were sentenced to prison on
Wednesday for helping organized-crime families in New York and New Orleans in
their effort to infiltrate the video-poker industry in Louisiana.

Anthony S. Carollo, 72, whom prosecutors described as the boss of the Marcello
crime family, was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison. He was
also ordered to pay $500,000 to Bally Gaming International of Las Vegas, Nev.,
for his part in defrauding the company. Mr. Carollo had pleaded guilty in
September to a charge of racketeering conspiracy.

Mr. Carollo and 10 other defendants were sentenced for their roles in using
Worldwide Gaming of Louisiana and Louisiana Route Operators to siphon profits
for the crime families from 1991 to 1994. Prosecutors said the companies were
fronts for the Marcello crime family and the Genovese and Gambino crime families
of New York.

The others sentenced today included John Gammarano, a suspected Gambino soldier,
who received the same sentence as Mr. Carollo; Joseph Corozzo, a reputed captain
of the Gambino crime family, who was given three years and was ordered to pay
$250,000, and Eugene Gilpin, a suspected associate of the Genovese family, who
got three years, five months, and was told to pay $100,000.

The seven others, all from Louisiana, were Frank J. Gagliano Sr., three years,
two months; $250,000 restitution; Felix Riggio 3d, three years, one month;
$100,000; Joseph Marcello, two years, nine months; $250,000;Cade Farber, two
years, three months; $50,000; Sebastian Salvatore, 18 months, $25,000;and
Anthony J. and Victor J. Tusa, who are brothers, 10 months in a halfway house
and $37,048.

Judge Edith Brown Clement said she would recommend that Mr. Carollo, Mr. Gilpin
and Mr. Gagliano serve their time in a Federal medical prison because of their
health problems.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           September 23, 2005 Friday
                                National Edition

Enforcement, not sensitivity training

BYLINE: National Post

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 757  words


Wednesday, the federal government convened a summit in Toronto on the city's
growing gun violence. They need not have bothered. By all accounts, the
closed-door gathering was a waste of time. Representatives from all three levels
of government attended, along with over 100 community representatives. And while
nearly all participants seemed to agree on a solution, they agreed on a useless
one -- more money to attack the so-called "root causes" of crime. Instead of
beefing up neighbourhood policing, deporting repeat offenders who are not
citizens and stiff sentencing for crimes committed with guns, most participants
advocated employment training for at-risk youth, drop-out prevention programs,
increased recreational opportunities in poorer neighbourhoods and cultural
sensitivity training for police and judges.

Such attempts at soft justice have been tried elsewhere and have universally
failed. They defy logic. Training a young man for a job that pays $10 an hour is
unlikely to dissuade him from joining a drug gang in which he can make several
thousands of dollars a week. Nor, for some, is the routine of school or work
ever likely to compare with the thrill of outrunning the law. The one deterrent
that can work is the expectation of getting caught and going to prison for a
long time.

Throughout the 1980s, American cities such as New York, Boston, Chicago,
Washington, Detroit, Cleveland, Atlanta and others pioneered the
discourage-them-with-kindness approaches discussed this week in Toronto. In
those cities still trying them, such as Chicago, Washington and Detroit, crime
continues unabated. But in cities that ceased to use their police officers as
social workers in uniforms -- New York, Boston, Cleveland and so on -- and
started using them effectively to catch the bad guys, crime has dropped
precipitously, in some cases by as much as 60% from its high point in the early
1990s. The keys are not more community counsellors and extra hours on basketball
courts, but more police on the streets who are instructed to be equally
intolerant of minor and major infractions. The theory is simple: Most
perpetrators of major crimes also commit dozens of minor ones. Fingerprint and
identify them for jumping the turnstile on the subway or smashing bottles in a
public park and they will have a record that can be used to track them down when
they mug, rob, assault or murder.

Another practical solution is to immediately send packing any non-citizen found
guilty of committing a violent crime in Canada. By at least one police estimate,
nearly half of Toronto's 41 gun murders this year have been committed by
foreigners residing in Canada, some with outstanding deportation orders against
them.

Among federal, provincial and municipal representatives at the crime meeting,
only Ontario Attorney-General Michael Bryant seemed to have even a clue of what
is needed. Although he would not be specific, he at least did not openly embrace
the root-causes madness and he did promise more prevention and enforcement
measures shortly.

Perhaps the most disappointing participant, though, was Irwin Cotler, the
federal Justice Minister. Mr. Cotler insisted the federal gun control program
was working and would work even better if just given more time to register all
the guns and gun owners in Canada. This seems the ultimate proof of Albert
Einstein's contention that insanity consists of "doing the same thing over and
over again and expecting different results." For 10 years now, Ottawa has, at a
cost of nearly $2 billion, tried to lower crime by maintaining a universal gun
and gun-owner registry. It has not made Canada safer in any way. If criminals
will not obey laws against murder, robbery, drug trafficking or sexual assault,
what ever made the federal government believe they would abide by rules
requiring them to declare the guns they own to Ottawa's bureaucrats?

The federal government could spend another decade and another $2 billion for its
vaunted registry and not prevent or even solve a single gun crime anywhere in
the country.

There are plenty of tough laws already on the books in Canada against the
criminal use of a firearm. If participants at Wednesday's crime meeting really
want to do something about Toronto's spike in violent crime, they could urge
judges and Crown prosecutors not to bargain away such charges in return for
guilty pleas on the crimes the guns were used for. And they could also tell
Ottawa to dismantle its gun registry and use the savings to fund more police and
tougher law enforcement.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

With Surge in Hate Crime, Muslims Seen 'Most Disdained' Minority

LENGTH: 950  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 22 -- A new study shows that anti-Muslim crime in the United
States last year surged to levels not seen since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001,
making Muslims the "most disdained" religious minority group in the country.

Official police reports from 20 states compiled by California State University
at San Bernardino's Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism show there were
196 anti-Muslim crimes in 2015, up from 110 incidents in 2014, an increase of 78
percent. The crimes in 2015 ranged from assault to murder to arson.

Hate crime directed at Arabs jumped by an even higher 219 percent.

Overall, hate crime in the United States rose by just 5 percent, from 4,139
incidents in 2014 to 4,347 in 2015. And while there were more anti-Jewish and
anti-LGBT hate crimes, the increases in those categories were much smaller,
according to the study.

Brian Levin, director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism, who led
the study, said the spike in anti-Muslim violence was fueled by a combination of
prejudice, terrorism and political vitriol.

"Not only do we see wide swaths of anti-Muslim prejudice . but now Muslims are
the most disdained major group in the United States and we have a
socio-political movement that reinforces and amplifies it," Levin said in an
interview, referring to the anti-Muslim rhetoric by Republican presidential
nominee Donald Trump and other American politicians.

With about 3.3 million people, Muslims represent roughly 1 percent of the U.S.
population, but attacks on Muslims accounted for 4.5 percent of all hate crimes
in 2015, Levin noted.

With the exception of 2015, hate crimes have trended down in recent years; yet
even then, "the proportion of Muslim targets has gone up," he added.

'Tip of the iceberg'

Among the 20 states studied, several with large Muslim communities saw an
increase in anti-Muslim violence, with New Jersey reporting a 250 percent rise,
Texas registering a surge of 129 percent, California reporting a jump of 122
percent and Tennessee notching a 67 percent uptick.

In California, the San Bernardino mass shooting by a Muslim couple in December
led to a wave of anti-Muslim attacks. In Tennessee, shootings on two military
installations in Chattanooga by a Muslim-American, along with a controversy
surrounding mosque construction, touched off a crime spree aimed at Muslims.

Partial data provided by police departments show the upsurge in anti-Muslim hate
crime has continued into this year.

Levin shared data from four jurisdictions, showing New York City with 21
anti-Muslim hate crimes this year through early September, up from 10 in 2014;
Washington, D.C., with two compared to three in 2015; Ohio with 12 compared to
15 last year; and Delaware, which had not reported any anti-Muslim hate crimes
in 2014 and 2015, with one this year.

"In each of those places, it looks like hate crimes have gone up," Levin said.
"Whether that will translate through the end of the year, we'll see."

Recent bombing attack

The California State University's findings come as Saturday's bombings in New
York and New Jersey blamed on an Afghan-American have touched off fears of a
violent public backlash against Muslim Americans.

But while terrorist attacks can stoke anti-Muslim hate crime, political rhetoric
can be just as powerful in inciting violence against the community - or checking
it, Levin said.

His team looked at two major political statements over the past 15 years:
President George W. Bush's call for tolerance shortly after the 9/11 attacks,
and Trump's controversial announcement of a ban on Muslims entering the country.

While anti-Muslim violence soared after Sept. 11, Bush's "Islam is Peace" speech
at a Washington mosque led to a "precipitous decline" in attacks on Muslims,
Levin said. By contrast, in the days after Trump's Dec. 7, 2015, Muslim-ban
speech, there was an 87 percent increase in anti-Muslim hate crime, he said.

"To put things in perspective, the average anti-Muslim hate crime per month for
the preceding five years (before Trump's speech) was 12.6," he said.

Cases underestimated

Levin's report is largely in line with other recent studies, but he and other
experts were quick to note that hate crime studies vastly underestimate the
problem.

The Bureau of Justice Statistics, for example, estimates the number of hate
crime victims at between 200,000 and 300,000 a year, while a 2011 Pew Research
survey showed that 6 percent of Muslim Americans had reported being threatened
or harassed.

The study "may be the tip of the iceberg, but still it can tell you what's
underneath," said James Nolan, a professor of sociology at West Virginia
University and a former hate crime data analyst for the FBI.

The U.S. Department of Justice says it has aggressively prosecuted or provided
support for state prosecutions of hate crimes targeting Muslims and other
minority groups. However, only a fraction of these crimes get prosecuted as hate
crimes, experts say.

That is because it is easier to prosecute a case based on bodily injury or
property damage than to establish a religious motive.

"The idea of just recognizing it and reporting it and naming it and calling it
what it is an initial first step," Nolan said. "But then from that there should
be more in terms of investigation, prosecution, prevention, all involving the
government, the police and citizens, everyone. "We should be talking about it
more particularly at this time when we're seeing a spike," he said.

Credit : Voice of America (VOA) | Photo Credit: AP

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

New Orleans, St. Louis, and Milwaukee Join Justice Department's Violence
Reduction Network

LENGTH: 449  words


Deputy Attorney General Sally Q. Yates and Assistant Attorney General Karol V.
Mason of the Office of Justice Programs (OJP) today announced that New Orleans,
Louisiana, St. Louis, Missouri, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin, will join 10 existing
sites which have adopted crime-fighting strategies as part of the Violence
Reduction Network (VRN). The initiative is a comprehensive approach to reducing
violent crime that complements the Attorney Generals Smart on Crime Initiative
and leverages existing Justice Department resources in communities around the
country.

It has been only a year-and-a-half since we launched the first Violence
Reduction Network, said Deputy Attorney General Yates.  In just that short
period of time, the partnerships we have built through VRN have helped to reduce
crime rates.  These results could only have happened through the kind of
creative collaboration promoted through the VRN.

Todays announcement was made before an audience of U.S. Attorneys, police
chiefs, local leaders from the new and existing VRN sites and department
officials. Through VRN, the Justice Department enlists tactical and operational
expertise available from the Bureau of Justice Assistance, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the
United States Marshals Service, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the
Executive Office of the United States Attorneys, the Office of Community
Oriented Policing Services and the Office on Violence Against Women.

In addition to the announcement about the three new VRN sites, the Deputy
Attorney General also announced the Police-Prosecutor Partnership, which is
soliciting proposals to encourage out-of-the-box collaborations between law
enforcement agencies and prosecutors offices.  This grant solicitation
encourages proposals that build on evidence-based crime-fighting models
focusing on reducing violence, sharing intelligence, and engaging the community
by merging and maximizing the expertise of law enforcement officers and
prosecutors. The new solicitation is posted at www.bja.gov /funding.aspx.

In 2014, VRN was launched in Camden, Chicago, Detroit, Wilmington, and Oakland
and Richmond, California.  In September 2015, VRN was expanded to Compton,
California; Flint, Michigan; Little Rock and West Memphis, Arkansas; and Newark,
New Jersey.

VRNs core components include customized training and technical assistance; a
strategic site liaison to guide the coordination of Justice Department
resources; tools to enhance information sharing, including peer-to-peer
exchanges; community practice collaboration among existing sites and an annual
summit in September. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

UNION: WALKER HASN'T KEPT LAW ENFORCEMENT PROMISES;
POLITICS

BYLINE:  JESSIE OPOIEN , The Capital Times , jopoien@madison.com , @jessieopie

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1163 words


Wisconsin's largest police union contends that Gov. Scott Walker has come up
short on pledges to support law enforcement officials and protect public safety.

The Wisconsin Professional Police Association points to crime statistics
compiled by the FBI and the state Department of Justice that show a spike in
violent crimes during Walker's time in office.

It's a big step to connect a governor's tenure with an increase in crime, and
the union isn't saying Walker is personally responsible. But its members have
noted several policy decisions they believe have negatively impacted public
safety in the state.

The WPPA ? the largest rankand- file police organization in the state ? used
that information endorse Democrat Mary Burke in the governor's race. The
Wisconsin Troopers Association, which represents Wisconsin State Patrol
officers, endorsed Walker.

According to FBI statistics, Wisconsin saw an 18.7 percent increase in violent
crime from 2011 to 2012, and a nearly 12 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.
Walker took office in January 2011. 2012 is the most recent year complete
state-level crime data is available.

Among Midwestern states, those increases are the secondlargest for both periods.
Wisconsin outpaced Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota,
Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and Ohio. South Dakota saw larger increases
than Wisconsin, although its total number of violent crimes is significantly
lower.

At the national level, violent crime increased by less than 1 percent from 2011
to 2012, and fell by about 2.5 percent from 2010 to 2012.

State reports compiled by the Department of Justice show an 11.2 percent
increase in violent crime from 2011 to 2012 and a 13.1 percent increase from
2010 to 2012. The measures differ, in part, because the FBI and DOJ counts
measure slightly different periods of time. WPPA executive director Jim Palmer
said the state numbers are typically more accurate, but added the FBI's Uniform
Crime Reporting numbers are accepted as the "gold standard" in the law
enforcement community.

Palmer said Walker's cuts to shared revenue and spending controls imposed on
local governments have resulted in fewer "real dollars" ? totals adjusted for
inflation ? being spent on law enforcement since Walker took office.

Laurel Patrick, spokeswoman for the governor's office, pointed out that
PolitiFact had addressed the union's claim last Thursday that "Wisconsin has
become less safe than it was when Scott Walker took office" and rated it "mostly
false."

PolitiFact's analysis pointed out that a measure of crime through 2012 only
accounts for about half of the governor's term, leaving a "significant unknown"
for the second half.

"In 2012, Walker's second year in office, violent crime increased and he reduced
funding to local governments. But the available violent crime data cover only
about half of Walker's time in office, so the union's statement is based at best
on a partial picture. Beyond that, a number of factors other than the governor
bear on the rate of violent crime," the analysis read.

Of the PolitiFact assessment, Palmer said given that the factcheck "acknowledged
that Gov. Walker imposed the single largest cut in at least a decade to the
local government funding used to help support police services, and that he
limited the ability of local governments to raise other revenues, it is simply
inexplicable and absurd for them to determine that he has no responsibility for
the consequences that he helped cause."

But he said statements Walker has made in recent years, especially during
earlier campaigns, have opened him up to criticism.

In 2008, as Milwaukee County executive, he touted his stance as a candidate who
was "serious about fighting crime and about putting criminals into prison."

During his 2010 campaign for governor, his website hosted this statement:
"Government's first duty is to provide for the safety of its citizens. This
means protecting the rights of crime victims and providing the brave men and
women in Wisconsin law enforcement the resources they need to keep our schools
and neighborhoods safe." Because of those representations, Palmer said, the WPPA
believes its observations of crime patterns under Walker's leadership are fair.

The governor's first budget, passed in 2011, delivered the single largest cut to
shared revenue in a decade ? $76 million, or 9 percent. Walker also imposed
strict limits on local governments' ability to raise property taxes to make up
for those cuts.

In addition to those cuts, Palmer pointed to data from the state Office of
Justice Assistance that show, among the state's law enforcement agencies, a 1.8
percent decrease in the number of officers, a 3.8 percent decrease in the number
of civilian employees and a total staffing reduction of 2.4 percent from 2010 to
2012.

Staffing decisions are, for the most part, determined by local agencies, but
Palmer said dwindling support from the state level is a contributing factor.

He also said the decision, under Walker's leadership, to no longer require a
police and fire fee be used for public safety purposes has "probably"
contributed to the decline in staffing, though he added it's hard to quantify
exactly what influences it.

Another dynamic that's troubling to law enforcement officers, Palmer said, is
the number of assaults on officers in the line of duty. In 2008, there were 376
assaults on officers. In 2012, there were 725 ? an increase of 93 percent. That
is likely attributed to lower staffing, Palmer said, adding that with fewer
officers on duty, fewer officers are available for backup.

Although the WPPA endorsed Burke, it has supported a number of measures under
Walker's leadership, including the passage of a law that requires
officer-involved shootings to be investigated by an outside agency, one that
makes it easier for military veterans to enter law enforcement and one that
updated training requirements for officers.

"Gov. Walker has signed several measures into law to address violent crime in
Wisconsin. Most recently, he signed into law funding for the Shot Spotter
program in Milwaukee giving law enforcement in Milwaukee another tool to keep
residents and visitors safe," Patrick said in an email.

Walker signed the funding into law after Republican state lawmakers partially
reversed course on a decision to trim funds for the program, which uses sensors
to identify where shots are being fired in real time. In May 2013, the
Legislature's Joint Finance Committee signed off on Walker's plan to cut a
$445,400 community policing grant for Milwaukee over two years. After receiving
a demonstration of the program and its value, lawmakers decided to provide
$175,000 for the program to match the amount Milwaukee County would put toward
it. Walker approved the funding in April.

The WPPA endorsed Waukesha County District Attorney Brad Schimel, a Republican,
in the state attorney general race. In legislative races, it has endorsed both
Republican and Democratic candidates.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOHN MANIACI / WISCONSIN STATE JOURNAL ARCHIVES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cary News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

Cary claims lowest crime rate in U.S.

BYLINE: Sarah Nagem, The Cary News (Cary, N.C.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Oct. 30--CARY -- This town of about 146,000 residents has long touted itself as
a safe place to live. Now it claims the lowest crime rate in the nation among
cities of similar size.

In 2012, the town had about 14.4 crimes per 1,000 people, based on data for
eight crimes tracked by the FBI and analyzed by Cary officials. The town edged
out second-place Naperville, Ill., outside Chicago, which had a crime rate of
15.1 per 1,000 residents.

Cary has narrowly missed out on the safest-town title in the past. In 2011, the
town had the ninth-lowest crime rate among cities with populations of 100,000 to
500,000, based on FBI data.

The designation is important, town officials say. Cary is full of families who
moved here from somewhere else, and many of them consider a town's crime rate
when looking for a new place to call home, said Police Chief Pat Bazemore.

When Lois and Ted Dziedzic decided to leave southern Florida eight years ago,
they found Cary was the perfect place to move. It had a suburban atmosphere, and
they saw a news report that said it was one of the safest cities in the country.

"I moved to get away from the crime," said Ted Dziedzic, 64, a retired New York
City police officer. "I love it."

Cary compiled the ranking of crime rates for midsized cities using data
collected from more than 18,000 law enforcement agencies across the country
contained in the FBI's Uniform Crime Report program. Cary's Crime Analysis Unit
crunched the numbers to determine cities with the lowest crime rates, based on
four violent crimes and four property crimes.

Last year, Cary police investigated 115 reports of violent crimes, including
rape, robbery and aggravated assault. The violent crime data also includes
murder, but Cary did not have any murders in 2012.

Meanwhile, police investigated 1,917 reports of property crimes, which are
burglaries, larcenies and thefts, motor-vehicle thefts and arson.

By contrast, neighboring Raleigh, with about three times the population, had
1,778 violent crimes and 13,779 property crimes, according to the state.

Bazemore said community initiatives have helped keep crime low in Cary. Nearly
three years ago, the town launched Project PHOENIX, which partners police
officers with 41 multifamily housing developments in town.

Through the program, the town's parks and recreation department provides
after-school and summer activities for kids, and officers work with managers of
apartment complexes to suggest better lighting and other safety measures,
Bazemore said.

Another program allows police to analyze certain areas of town that have the
most vehicle crashes and crime. Police step up patrols in those neighborhoods.

"We're always looking for ways to do things better and things to do
differently," Bazemore said.

The town also has an active neighborhood watch program, said Officer John
Reeves, who coordinates the effort. Police might send out a report about a crime
spree in a neighborhood, for example, and ask neighborhood watch members to be
on the lookout for suspicious vehicles.

The program helps residents feel more comfortable interacting with police
officers, Reeves said.

"I think most people tend to be intimidated to call the police department and
ask questions when there's no emergency," he said. "They don't know if that's
appropriate or not appropriate."

Nagem: 919-460-2605; Twitter: @BySarahNagem

___ (c)2013 The Cary News (Cary, N.C.) Visit The Cary News (Cary, N.C.) at
www.carynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131030-CW-Cary-claims-lowest-crime-rate-in-U-S-1030-20131030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2013 The Cary News (North Carolina)


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 17, 2010 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

MADISON TOPS LIST OF MOST SECURE METRO AREAS

BYLINE: The Capital Times

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 244 words


Jobless rate, crime rate and long life projections propelled the city from third
to first, study says.

Madison is the most secure place to live in the United States among large
metropolitan areas (500,000 residents or more), according to the seventh annual
Farmers Insurance study.

The Wisconsin state capital ranked third last year. This is the fifth time out
of seven years Madison has placed in the top 20.

The rankings were compiled by www.bestplaces.net.

Factors used to determine how secure a metro area is included crime, extreme
weather, risk of natural disaster, housing depreciation, foreclosures, terrorist
threats, environmental hazards, air quality, life expectancy and job losses.

According to the news release from Farmers Insurance, Madison moved up to No. 1
because of its low unemployment rate, low violent crime rate and long life
expectancy of its residents.

The top 20 most secure large metropolitan areas in the U.S. among the 114
studied were: Madison; Des Moines, Iowa; Syracuse, N.Y.; Austin, Texas;
Portland, Maine; Rochester, N.Y.; Honolulu; El Paso, Texas; Bethesda, Md.;
Seattle; Pittsburgh; Minneapolis-St. Paul; Nassau-Suffolk Counties, N.Y.;
McAllen, Texas; Bridgeport, Conn.; Raleigh, N.C.; Albany, N.Y.; Wichita, Kan.;
Buffalo, N.Y.; and New Haven, Conn.

The most secure mid-size (150,000-500,000 residents) metropolitan area was
Olympia, Wash., and the most secure small-size (fewer than 150,000 residents)
metro area was Lewiston, Idaho.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

St. Louis ranked most dangerous

BYLINE: Reuters u

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 167  words


ST. LOUIS - St. Louis has replaced Camden, New Jersey as the most dangerous U.S.
city, according to a study based on FBI crime data and released yesterday.

St. Louis had 2,070 violent crimes per 100,000 residents last year, well over
the national average of 429, according to the report issued by social science
publisher CQ Press.

Camden ranked second this year, with Detroit, Michigan; Flint, Michigan; and
Oakland, California rounding out the top five most crime-ridden cities.

The safest city, statistically speaking, was seen as Colonie, N.Y., a suburb of
Albany.

The CQ report was drawn from FBI crime data that includes murder, rape, robbery,
aggravated assault, burglary, and motor vehicle theft. The FBI, however, was
critical of the city rankings and said in a notice on its website linked to its
crime data that such rankings are flawed.

"They lead to simplistic and or incomplete analyses that often create misleading
perceptions adversely affecting communities and their residents," the FBI said.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 19, 2006 Tuesday

Dayton follows national trend in violent-crime rise;
Homicides ahead of last year, but police say most are tied to the drug trade.
Some categories are on the decline.

BYLINE: By Ken McCall Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 358 words


DAYTON - Mirroring a nationwide trend, newly released FBI data showed violent
crime increased by 6.4 percent in the city of Dayton during the first six months
of 2006. The preliminary crime data released Monday show homicides and robberies
continued to rise across the country during the first half of this year, on pace
for an increase in violent crime for the second straight year.

The nationwide 3.7 percent uptick in violent crime between January and June
comes amid a still-incomplete Justice Department study of 18 cities for clues on
why criminal activity is increasing.

The numbers reflect what police across the country have been saying for months:
that the lull in crime between 2001 and 2004 appears to be over.

Of the 228 cities with a population of at least 100,000 listed in the data, six
of 10 showed an increase in violent crime. Dayton's 6.4 percent increase ranked
93rd on that list.

The three other large Ohio cities listed in the data all showed increases:
Columbus, 8.8 percent; Cleveland, 6.8 percent; and Cincinnati, 1.2 percent.

Dayton Police Maj. Mitchell Davis, superintendent of investigations, said the
national numbers generally reflect the city's experience.

"There does seem to be an increase in violent crime," Davis said. "Our homicide
rate has gone back up."

But Davis said the most recent crime statistics show declines in several
categories. The numbers for the year through Dec. 17 show decreases of 5 percent
in felonious assaults, 12 percent in rapes, and 1 percent in robberies.

Those decreases are offset, however, by a 31 percent increase in homicides,
Davis said.

The city has 42 homicides this year so far, compared with 34 for all of 2005.

But Davis said the city is safe for those who aren't involved with drugs.

"All of our murders, the victim and the murderer seem to know each other," he
said. "And a very large percentage are related to the use and sale of drugs.

Dayton Director of Police Julian Davis said he had no explanation for the
increase.

"Nobody knows," he said. "It could be cyclical. Even the FBI said they could not
explain it."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2393 or kmcca ll@DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            April 6, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

LOCALLY

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 307  words


Crime costs staggering for businesses Crime cost business owners in the
Volusia-Flagler market about $849 million in 2004, according to the Safe at Work
Coalition, placing it eighth among the states 20 metro areas. The rankings
mostly followed the population of the metro areas the two-county Daytona Beach
metro area is the eighth largest in the state based on population.

The magnitude of workplace crime costs is staggering, said Tim Lynch, director
of the Center for Economic Forecasting and Analysis at Florida State University
and author of the report, in a prepared statement. These crime costs for Florida
metro areas are a wake-up call to communities, and should motivate Florida
employers to implement crime prevention strategies. The Tampa/St. Petersburg/
Clearwater area had the highest business crime cost, followed by Miami, Orlando
and Ft. Lauderdale. Workplace crime costs far exceed residential crime costs. In
the Volusia-Flagler market, residential crime cost was about $362.3 million. The
data, released Tuesday, was calculated based on the best available statewide and
national data on the costs of crime to employers, Lynch said. Safe at Work was
formed by the state Attorney Generals Office and other organizations in an
effort to cut down on crimes against workplaces. DBCC offering pool operator
class Daytona Beach Community Colleges Center for Business and Industry, in
conjunction with the National Spa & Pool Institute, is offering a two-day
seminar (April 23-24) for pool and spa operators. The course is designed to help
prepare operators for the National Swimming Pool Foundations certification exam.
Tuition is $275.The seminar will be from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. each day in Building
110, Room 249, at the DBCC Daytona Beach Campus, 1200 W. International Speedway
Blvd. For information, call (386) 506-4450. Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            June 23, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Crime Rate "Inordinately High'

BYLINE: ANDY REID, areid@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 802 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


TAMPA STATS REAPPRAISED AS CHIEF PREPARES BUDGET

By ANDY REID

areid@tampatrib.com

TAMPA -- Tampa crime statistics took on a different emphasis this week -- now
that it's time to shape next year's city budget.

Police have reported this year a drop in the number of violent and nonviolent
crimes and have said arrests are on the rise.

At a city budget meeting Monday, though, Police Chief Stephen Hogue said Tampa
had the most property crimes and second-most violent crimes in a national
comparison of similar-sized cities.

"Tampa has an inordinately high crime rate," Hogue said. "We're done making
excuses. We've got to bring the crime rate down."

The chief said Tuesday he wasn't trying to use statistics as "a scare tactic" to
win support for his budget plans. He said the crime rankings shouldn't have
surprised Tampa City Council members.

It was news to Councilwoman Rose Ferlita, chairwoman of the city's public safety
committee, though.

"Wow, man," Ferlita said. "I was taken aback. ... If you didn't have the ear of
the people who will [decide] the budget, that certainly makes them pay
attention."

It also surprised Councilman Kevin White, a former police officer.

"Those were startling to me, to say the least," White said. "I didn't think we
were that high in the rankings."

Tampa's 29,091 reported property crimes in 2002 were the most among cities
ranging in population from 250,000 to 400,000 listed in a city-provided
comparison of statistics released by the FBI. Tampa's 6,289 reported violent
crimes were second to Miami.

In both categories, Tampa has the highest crime rate, a calculation that
measures those total numbers per specific population. One caution often cited by
law enforcement is that not all cities report all crimes the same way.

Other cities on the list include Pittsburgh; Cincinnati; Buffalo, N.Y.; and
Anchorage, Alaska.

The comparison of cities was provided in a police department news release in
May. The 2002 FBI figures were the latest available.

The comparison drew little attention, though, in a news release that emphasized
how Tampa's officers had been more productive this year -- and that used
fresher, locally compiled numbers to say crime had decreased when comparing
three-month periods in 2003 and 2004.

Hogue, who took over in September, said the early numbers were positive and he
hoped to show a more dramatic drop in the crime rate in months to come.

Budget Preparations

On Monday, Hogue referred to those numbers at a council meeting to discuss the
summerlong budget process.

Hogue and other city department heads told council members about their goals for
the year ahead and some of their budget priorities. The police department hasn't
asked for a budget increase this year.

Mayor Pam Iorio's administration crafts the budget. The spending plan goes
before the council for approval in September.

Hogue mentioned Tampa's ranking in property and violent crimes to explain the
department's efforts to reduce crime, police spokeswoman Laura McElroy said.

"It shouldn't have been news to anyone," McElroy said of the rankings. "It's not
like the information was withheld and then pounced on at budget time."

The police department gets the biggest slice, about $120 million, of the city's
$600 million budget pie.

About 90 percent of the police budget goes toward personnel costs for 1,001
officers and 345 civilian employees.

Iorio has said public safety will remain the top priority in next year's budget.
The police plan includes reassigning seven officers from desk jobs to get them
out on the street, Hogue said. New civilian employees would fill some of the
desk slots.

Hogue's Redeployment

A key budget proposal calls for $4.3 million to build a police headquarters in
east Tampa.

The building would serve police working in District 3, created in January as
part of a redeployment aimed at improving service in the area, which includes
east Tampa, Ybor City and the Channel District.

Reassigning officers was intended to improve productivity. Arrests have
increased 25 percent, and traffic citations are up 67 percent this year, Hogue
said.

Police reported in February that the city's numbers of violent and nonviolent
crime dropped 3.4 percent in 2003.

A crackdown continues on drug sales in east Tampa, initiated after Iorio took
office in April 2003, Hogue said.

"Street-level narcotics activity is what ruins a city," he said.

Ranking No. 1 in property crime and No. 2 in violent crime hurts the city as
well, council Chairwoman Gwen Miller said.

"That's bad," Miller said of the statistics she heard from the chief Monday. "We
can't bring people into town if they read that."

Reporter Valerie Kalfrin contributed to this report. Reporter Andy Reid can be
reached at (813) 259-8409.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                              April 9, 2004 Friday

NY State launches new crime fighting initiative in Rochester

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words


New York State has launched the first full-scale Operation IMPACT - a new state
crime fighting initiative in Rochester.

Uniformed New York State Troopers have begun joint high visibility patrols with
the Rochester Police Department and Monroe County Sheriff's Office to target
violent crime in local neighborhoods. The patrols follow the start of Operation
IMPACT in Rochester last month, when State Police Community Narcotics
Enforcement Teams (CNET) began working undercover operations with the Rochester
Police to fight crime in the "crescent" area of Rochester.

Operation IMPACT (Integrated Municipal Police Anti-Crime Teams) targets 15
counties in the state that account for 80 percent of crime outside of New York
City. IMPACT addresses illegal guns, gangs, and drug crimes through coordinated
problem-solving among federal, state and local law enforcement.

"Federal, state and local law enforcement and prosecutors are working
cooperatively in Monroe County to fight violent crime, gangs and drug dealers in
our community," said Monroe County District Attorney Michael Green. "Working
with researchers and other community partners, we have launched an aggressive
initiative, targeting and dismantling violent groups of street criminals.
effort."

Each IMPACT task force is designing and implementing a focused, comprehensive
crime-fighting strategy based on mapping and analysis of local crime data. The
task forces will assess the impact of its strategies, and make improvements
based on continuous review of up-to-date police and prosecution data.

Rochester's Operation IMPACT

In Rochester, the task force is coordinated by Monroe County District Attorney
Michael Green and Rochester Police Chief Robert Duffy, and including, in part,
officials from the Division of Criminal Justice Services, State Police,
Probation, Parole, Monroe County Sheriff's Office, U.S. Attorney's Office, U.S.
Drug Enforcement Administration, U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and
Explosives, Professor John Klofas of the Rochester Institute of Technology, and
David Kennedy of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard. Monroe County
received $532,324 from the state for the Rochester Operation IMPACT task force.

The Rochester IMPACT task force has designed a six-month plan which focuses on
reducing violent crime and drug crime in Rochester's high crime crescent area.
The strategy consists of a combination of changing tactics designed to disrupt
illegal activity and keep targeted offenders and gangs off the streets. These
tactics include undercover enforcement, high visibility State Police/Rochester
Police/Sheriff's Deputy patrols, probation/parole details in conjunction with
the Rochester Police, tactical incident response, and a downtown school safety
initiative.

Operation IMPACT began in Rochester on March 15, with a three-week period in
which an undercover State Police CNET team made drug buys with Rochester Police
support. In the three weeks of undercover operations, the CNET team generated
the following results: 53 drug buys (crack, marijuana and heroin) and 51
arrests.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     March 19, 2003 Wednesday Final Edition

Mobster indicted in $230M U.S. Internet porn scam: 'Scheme undermined public
trust in e-commerce around the world'

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

BYLINE: Christopher Mumma

SECTION: Business; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 339 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- An alleged Gambino crime family member was among three people
accused of running an Internet scam that bilked prospective pornography
customers out of $230 million U.S. by tricking them into turning over credit
card information, U.S. authorities said.

Authorities say mobster Richard Martino and two other men, Norman Chanes and
Bruce Chew, ran companies that bilked thousands of people in the U.S., Europe
and Asia with offers of "free tours" of porn Web sites.

The companies conned prospective customers to turn over credit card information,
saying it would only be used as a proof of age and that users would not be
billed. Instead, credit cards were billed, usually at $59.99 a month after the
initial visit without the consent of the users, authorities said.

"This massive scheme undermined public trust in e-commerce around the world, and
now it is the defendants who will have to pay the consequences," said Roslynn
Mauskopf, the U.S. attorney in Brooklyn, New York.

The Web sites, which include www.playgirl.com, www.highsociety.com, and scores
of others, are based on magazines owned by Crescent Publishing Group Inc. of New
York, authorities said. In 2000, Crescent published more than a dozen different
magazines, including Playgirl, High Society and Climax, and had almost $40
million in print revenue, authorities said. Crescent is co-operating with the
investigation, authorities said.

Mr. Martino, Mr. Chanes and Mr. Chew were arrested yesterday and charged with
conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, conspiracy to commit credit card fraud
and conspiracy to commit money laundering. The indictment also seeks forfeiture
of as much as $230 million in assets, including luxury homes the three men own
in New York and California, authorities said.

In 2001, Crescent agreed to pay $30 million to settle similar civil charges
brought by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the New York Attorney General's
office. The company did not admit wrongdoing in the civil settlement.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                August 10, 1999

Abortion cuts crime says study

BYLINE: Michael Ellison in New York

SECTION: Guardian Home Pages; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 546 words


Michael Ellison in New York

Up to half the fall in the United States crime rate is due to abortions for
teenagers, the poor and women from minority communities, according to research
that gives a new twist to one of the most divisive issues in the country.

'No one will like it,' said Steve Levitt, a University of Chicago economist. 'I
don't think it is our job as economists or scientists to withhold truth because
some people are not going to like it.'

Women whose children would have been most likely to commit crimes as young
adults instead chose to have terminations after abortion was legalised in the
early 1970s, says the report by Mr Levitt and John Donohue, a law professor at
Stanford university. 'Abortion provides a way for the would-be mothers of those
kids who are going to lead really tough lives to avoid bringing them into the
world,' said Mr Levitt.

The paper, which has not been submitted for publication in any academic journal,
says that states with high abortion rates in the 1970s had bigger drops in crime
in the 1990s and that each 10% rise in terminations led to a 1% drop in crime
years later.

Serious violent crimes by 12 to 17-year-olds dropped by 40% between 1993 and
1996, says the justice department's latest crime victimisation survey, and the
number of youths arrested for murder fell 39% between 1993 and 1997, says the
FBI.

But David O'Steen, executive director of the national right to life committee in
Washington, said: 'You mean killing babies in the 1970s led people in the 1990s
to do less shoplifting? I can't believe that any significant per cent of the pop
ulation would argue that we should kill unborn babies to affect whatever they
say is being affected.'

The fall in crime this decade started about 20 years after abortion was
legalised across the states in 1973. Previous theories for the decline included
increased prison sentences, more effective policing policies, a slower crack
cocaine trade and a strong economy.

Inclusion of abortion in the debate comes at a time when terminations are at a
new low, about 1.2m a year, down from the 1990 peak of 1.4m. The latest poll on
abortion shows that 42% describe themselves as pro-life, up from 36% three years
ago, and those who are pro-choice fell eight points over the same period to 48%.

During the 1990s doctors and abortion clinics have been the targets for at least
19 bombings, 100 arson attacks, seven murders and 621 death threats or stalking.
Ten months ago Dr Barnett Slepian was shot through the head by a sniper at his
home in Buffalo, upstate New York.

Women aged under 25, separated, have never married, are poor or from minorities,
are about twice as likely to have an abortion as others of child -bearing age,
said the Alan Guttmacher institute, a New York-based research organisation. One
in four pregnancies ends in abortion now compared to 20 years ago when the
figure was one in three.

Cory Richards, the institute's vice-president of public policy, said of the
Levitt-Donohue paper: 'This is not an argument for abortion per se. This is an
argument for women not being forced to have children they don't want. This is
making the point that it's not only bad for the women, but for children and
society.'


LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                May 18, 1999, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Tampa ranks fifth for crime in nation

BYLINE: KATHRYN WEXLER

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 318 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



(ran SS edition of Metro & State)

Tampa's crime rate ranked fifth-highest among the nation's large cities last
year, up a notch from 1997, based on raw numbers compiled by local agencies and
released by the FBI.

Despite Tampa's jump in position, the total number of crimes in the city dropped
in 1998. Overall, there were 35,960 incidents last year - 804 fewer than in
1997.

Tampa police Chief Bennie Holder said he doesn't put much stock in the figures.
Officials frequently note that Florida has a high number of tourists who can
draw crime, but who are not counted among city's residents, so crime rates here
can appear artificially high.

"As long as we try to reduce crime from one year to the next . . . I don't
really get that alarmed when they start ranking you and comparing you, state to
state," Holder said. "Florida is a transient state . . . (so) how accurate are
those figures?"

Holder noted that while auto thefts increased in 1998, homicides are lower this
year than they were at this time last year. He said Tampa's continued drop in
crime (which mirrors a national trend) is more meaningful than rankings based on
per capita calculations.

"I think all the people who look at where we were five or six years ago, they
can see it's much safer," Holder said.

St. Louis ranked first in the nation, with 149.5 crimes per 1,000 residents,
followed by Atlanta, Orlando and Topeka, Kan., according to rates calculated by
the Sun-Sentinel of Fort Lauderdale. Tampa's crime rate was 121.9, and Miami was
rated sixth with 120.5 crimes per 1,000 residents.

Mayor Dick Greco said he's happy with the performance of Tampa police officers.

"Our crime rate is down to a 1984 level," Greco said. "I feel excellent about
it." He shrugged off the significance of the ranking, saying "sometimes it gets
distorted."

+++Text for chart not povided electronically. Please see microfilm.


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CHART; Ranking from the FBI crime report of cities with
more than 100,000 population, includes drawing of a man being held up. (ran
Tampa & State)

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 14, 1996, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Fort Worth blazes a crime-busting trail Texas city far outpaces national ebb

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson; Gary Fields

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 1280 words


Less than 10 years ago, Fort Worth was literally bleeding.

Violent crime had earned the community of 460,321 the dishonor
of having the worst major crime rate of any big city in the country.

"People were frightened," says Kay Granger, mayor from 1991
to 1995. "They were frustrated and then they got angry."


In their anger, residents of Fort Worth launched a movement that
has cut crime by almost half since 1992.

Nationwide, the crime rate fell nearly 2% from 1994-95, according
to FBI statistics released Sunday. One of the most noticeable
shifts is in violent crime. The number of violent crimes in the
USA dropped by 4% in that period, continuing a trend that began
four years ago.

But as good as the national numbers appear, they don't compare
with the numbers being compiled in Fort Worth, where overall crime
is down by about 45% since 1991.

There are several reasons for the drop in crime, including the
familiar stew of more cash for more cops, and more community involvement.

Some criminologists say the declines, in Fort Worth and across
the nation, reflect a cultural revolution. All over the nation
there are now workshops and seminars preaching against violence.
Churches send mentors into the schools. Cities enforce tough curfews.

Politicians in Washington, D.C., have spent millions to pay for
more than 20,000 additional police officers in troubled cities.
Punishments for violent criminals have been made more severe.
Handgun regulations have been stiffened.

And during the past decade there has been a 2.6% decline in the
number of 10- to 25-year-olds, the group most prone to commit
crime.

"We are in the midst of profound change here," says Jack Levin,
director of Northeastern University's Program for the Study of
Violence and Conflict.

"This is truly impressive," says San Francisco criminologist
Michael Rustigan. "It suggests that the trend can be sustained
. . . that law enforcement is finally getting ahead of the wave."

No one charting this wave of success, not even Attorney General
Janet Reno, can attribute the drop in crime to any one particular
strategy.

Rather, city leaders have been using variations on the popular
theme of community policing techniques, reaching well beyond police
headquarters to involve local businesses, schools and churches.

"It's a combination of so many different efforts," Reno says.
"I think what you are seeing is all these forces coming together."

To see how to strike the right balance, many municipal leaders
have been beating a path to Fort Worth.

Starting in 1991, police commanders, detectives and officers were
sent to field offices scattered throughout the city. Patrol officers
were dispatched to the troubled southeast side to work in tandem
with neighborhood groups to mediate disputes before they exploded
in violence.

These were classic examples of community policing, but they had
never been tried before in Fort Worth.

Under Police Chief Thomas Windham, thousands of residents have
been equipped with police radios. And police have paid for the
gas that residents use when they patrol their neighborhoods. Year
by year the strategy has been paying off.

Murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault were all down in
1995, according to the FBI report. So far in 1996, the city is
on pace for its safest year since 1976.

The centerpiece of Fort Worth's strategy has been a resident patrol
force whose numbers have swelled to more than 3,000 members in
the past six years.

The Code Blue program recruits residents and trains them to be
the police department's eyes and ears in the community. "It's
almost like having a police department two times the size," Windham
says. "That leaves us to focus on violent crime."

A blunt measure of the city's success can be found in the workload
at the Tarrant County medical examiner's office. So far this year,
murders are down by 47%, to 46 homicides so far this year.

At the J.A. Cavile Place public housing complex, Callie Pollard,
one of the first Code Blue graduates, says the nights are no longer
marked by gunshots and screams.

"Things are still not the way I want them to be," Pollard says.
"But it's so much better. It used to be that people couldn't
sit outside their house and enjoy a nice night. That made me mad."

And while crime has begun to decline in Fort Worth and across
the nation, fear of crime remains a major concern in virtually
every part of the country.

"Even if the crime rate were to come down 50% overnight, no one
would even know," Levin says. "The first story on the 11 o'clock
news would still be a homicide. That's where people get their
perceptions."

David Beatty, executive director of the National Victim Center,
says that perception of crime is evident in the numbers of people
adding burglar bars to their homes or who won't jog alone.

Many people now think they could be victimized, Beatty
says. That thinking makes people more careful.

While Fort Worth continues to see early anti-crime investments
pay off, officials continue to push programs aimed at larger reductions.

Last year, the city was the first in Texas to approve an increase
in the sales tax to pay for more cops and more crime-fighting
equipment.

"The biggest challenge we have now is to keep up the enthusiasm,"
Windham says. "We haven't won yet."



Violent crime in metro areas

The violent-crime rate in the USA fell 4.1% in 1995. Even the
Miami metropolitan area, which had the highest violent crime rate
the past two years, saw a slight drop from 1994. Metro areas with
populations above 100,000 with the highest number of violent crimes(1)
per 1,000 residents in 1995, and comparisons with 1994.

                               Violent crimes
Rank  Metro area              per 1,000 people           % change
 1    Miami-Dade                    18.9                    -1%
 2    L.A.-Long Beach               14.2                    -5%
 3    Gainesville, Fla.             14.2                    +3%
 4    New York                      13.9                   -15%
 5    Baton Rouge                   13.9                    +8%
 6    Baltimore                     13.4                    +3%
 7    New Orleans                   13.3                    +9%
 8    Lawton, Okla.                 13.3                   +32%
 9    Sioux City, Iowa              12.7                    +9%
10    Memphis                       12.5                   +12%

1-- Murder, rape, aggravated assault and robbery.

Source: USA TODAY analysis of FBI Uniform Crime Reports

Steady decline in Fort Worth

Violent crime in Fort Worth has dropped significantly in the past
six years. The number of incidents:

Murder and non-negligent manslaughter is down 17%.
'91      195
'95      108

Rape is down 23%.
'92      525
'95      332

Robbery is down 30%.
'92    3,488
'95    1,965

Aggravated assault is down 34%.
'92    5,226
'95    2,939

Source: Uniform Crime Reports, 1990-1995

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Grant Jerding, USA TODAY, Source: Source: Uniform Crime
Reports, 1990-1995(Line graph); PHOTO, B/W, Mark Williams; 'It's better': But
'things are still not the way I want them to be," says Callie Pollard, on patrol
at Fort Worth's Cavile Place public housing complex.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 11, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Crackdown on crime could backfire on states

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 530 words


"Adult time for adult crime."

That's the new political mantra for regaining control of the streets.

From 1992 through 1995, 48 states enacted laws to treat juveniles
more like adults, a soon-to-be-released report by the National
Center for Juvenile Justice finds.


This month, a Virginia law went into effect requiring youths 14
and up to be tried as adults for most violent crimes. Last month,
Michigan enacted a similar law. And Massachusetts' Senate approved
mandatory life sentences without parole for 14-year-olds convicted
of first-degree murder.

Sending teens who murder others to adult courts has always made
sense. In fact, such killers usually were sent to criminal courts
before this current crackdown.

The problem is that in sweeping up rapists and murderers, some
states are mandating adult treatment for lesser offenses. And
proposals percolating in Congress would push states to try youths
as adults for a variety of lesser crimes.

This comes just as experience is teaching some states such mandates
are a big mistake. They are finding that far from being tougher
on criminals, they often are softer.

A study in Chicago of youthful offenders sent to adult courts
for drug and gun crimes found half got off with probation. Youths
charged similarly in the juvenile system spent time in a juvenile
facility.

Studies in Florida, South Carolina and New Jersey-New York, meanwhile,
have found juveniles transferred to adult courts more likely to
commit new and more vicious crimes than those with matching histories
handled by juvenile systems.

Such results have some states scurrying for better approaches.
Minnesota, for example, is blending juvenile and adult sentencing.
Juveniles convicted of serious crimes serve juvenile time as long
as they meet rehabilitation goals but can be pulled into the adult
system if they don't. Florida has a "Last Chance Ranch" that
takes some of the worst youthful offenders and gives them a final
chance at reform.

Yet congressmen eager to turn public angst over juvenile crime
into votes are holding hearings around the country on legislation
that would inject the federal government into juvenile crime.
It would do so by providing "incentives" for states to treat
juveniles as adults. What that means is that states that don't
do things Congress' way would lose money.

"Adult time for adult crime" is fine for killers and other violent
offenders. It's a prescription for trouble when applied to most
others. And they are the majority.



Kids in trouble

There were than 2.2 million arrests of juveniles in 1994 (latest
figures available), but fewer than half of the arrests were for
the most violent crimes. Arrests for most serious types of crimes:

Property: Includes burglary, larceny-theft and auto theft .... 610,563
Drugs: Includes possession and sale/manufacture .............. 131,220
Violent: Includes murder, rape, robbery and assault .......... 125,085
Weapons: Includes carrying and possession ..................... 52,200

Sources: Crime in the U.S., 1994; Dept. of Justice; FBI

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 1, 1996, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION
                              Correction Appended

(GRAPHIC ONLY) PROPERTY CRIME IN THE AREA, 1993-94

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 01A

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

CORRECTION-DATE: on Published April 2, 1996

CORRECTION: In a chart published Monday on property crime, incorrect totals were
given for auto thefts in St. Charles, Jefferson, Franklin and Warren counties.

The totals given were for felony thefts, not auto theft. The chart above
provides the correct auto theft totals.

The error did not affect the overall crime rates.


Tom Borgman/Post-Dispatch Graphic/chart


Property Crime in The Area, 1993-94

These burglary, auto theft and property crime numbers are two-year totals.

Number of

crimes per

Population   Burglaries         Total      year for

(average               Auto     Property   every 1,000

in '94-'94)            thefts   crimes     residents


ST. CHARLES COUNTY

Wentzville       5,438         91       42       699      64.3

O'Fallon       21,818        240       91     1,591      36.5

St. Peters     50,557        366      184     3,307      32.7

City of St.     57,991        783      300     3,750      32.3

Charles

Lake Saint       7,802         78       15       398      25.5

Louis

Unincorporated  85,439        831      236     3,490      20.4

County

St. Charles Co.

totals     229,043      2,389      868    13,235      28.9


JEFFERSON COUNTY

Crystal City     4,146         99       49       628      75.7

Festus           8,662        106       24       597      34.5

Pevely           2,988         45       12       201      33.6

Arnold          20,003        234       63     1,324      33.1

DeSoto           6,427         41       11       304      23.7

Unincorporated 138,291      1,911      602     6,482      23.4

County

Jefferson Co.

totals    180,516      2,436      761     9,536      26.4


FRANKLIN COUNTY

Union            6,105         83       35       594      48.7

Sullivan         4,848         69       23       423      43.6

Washington      11,216        120       28       861      38.4

Pacific          4,711         50       30       316      33.5

Unincorporated  57,665      1,246      230     2,726      23.6

County

Franklin Co.

totals      84,544      1,568      346     4,920      29.1


WARREN COUNTY

Warrenton       4,009         63       22       682       85.1

Unincorporated  16,925        197       32       442       13.1

County

Warren Co.

totals     20,933        260       54     1,124       26.8


* Total propertycrimes include burglaries, felony thefts, auto thefts and
arsons.

SOURCE: Uniform Crime Report, F.B.I.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC Graphic chart by Tom Borgman; data compiled by Joe Holleman
 Source: Uniform Crime Report, F.B.I.
 Property Crime In The Area, 1993 - 1994
 These burglary, auto theft and property crime numbers are two-year totals.
 * Total property crimes include burglaries, felony thefts, auto thefts and
arsons.

 Number Of
 Crimes Per
 Population                       Total     Year For
 (Average                 Auto   Property  Every 1000
 in '93-94)  Burglaries  Thefts   Crimes*   Residents

 City of
 St. Louis    388,745      24,922   18,994   100,295     129.0

 ST. LOUIS COUNTY
 Richmond
 Heights       10,279         166      146     2,564     124.7
 St. Ann         14,393         224      344     3,361     117.2
 Jennings        15,748         737      518     3,046      96.7
 Maplewood        9,782         182      154     1,506      77.0
 Fenton           3,425          56       37       514      75.0
 Bel-Ridge        3,196         136       66       463      72.4
 Bridgeton       17,468         367      298     2,458      70.4
 University City 39,905       1,222      561     5,117     64.1
 Overland        18,040         274      127     2,266      62.8
 Breckendridge
 Hills          5,582         109       65       683      61.2
 Pagedale         3,755         114      127       459      61.1
 Hillsdale        2,056         116       30       247      60.1
 Crestwood       11,256          54       41     1,330      59.1
 Ferguson        22,309         492      426     2,540      56.9
 Flordell Hills     891          38       16       101      56.7
 Berkeley        12,845         380      287     1,392      54.2
 Pine Lawn        4,840         119      107       514      53.1
 Cool Valley      1,368          16       24       144      52.6
 Normandy         4,464         112      100       440      49.3
 Edmundson        1,125          19       34       109      48.4
 Clayton         13,989         295       86     1,330      47.5
 Hazelwood       15,197         299      215     1,374      45.2
 Bellefontaine
 Neighbors     10,936         169      117       946      43.3
 Sunset Hills     4,924          57       40       425      43.2
 Shrewsbury       7,727          90       33       545      40.5
 Valley Park      4,332          78       32       348      40.2
 Des Peres        8,570          94       31       685      40.0
 Brentwood        8,075          64       47       625      38.7
 Maryland
 Heights       25,606         350      149     1,925      37.6
 Pasadena Park      572          20        8        43      37.6
 Northwoods       5,088          41       73       379      37.2
 Eureka           5,141          55       29       382      37.2
 Moline Acres     2,736          34       39       199      36.4
 Creve Coeur     12,064         109       67       846      35.1
 St. John         7,316          92       47       509      34.8
 Manchester       6,703          52       27       464      34.6
 Riverview        3,295          90       14       226      34.3
 Woodson Terrace  4,347          76       56       285      32.8
 Unincorporated
 County       420,400      4,264    2,856    26,853      31.9
 Charlack         1,489         23       18        92      30.9
 Ellisville       7,897         48       52       440      27.9
 Florissant      52,100        407      211     2,817      27.0
 Ladue            9,080        105       13       484      26.7
 Frontenac        3,435         22        5       178      25.9
 Ollivette        7,438        101       50       380      25.5
 Kirkwood        27,653        213       84     1,384      25.0
 Chesterfield    40,382        359       67     1,979      24.5
 Town & Country   9,514         71       18       455      23.9
 Pasadena Hills   1,114         11       15        46      20.6
 Webster Groves  23,443        166       53       887      18.9
 Bel-Nor          2,974         40       17       108      18.2
 Dellwood         5,454         36        9       197      18.1
 Warson Woods     2,113          7        4        68      16.1
 Ballwin         24,287        131       27       726      15.0
 St. George       1,261          9        5        37      14.7
 Calverton Park   1,411         18        4        40      14.2
 Oakland          1,596          8        0        43      13.5
 Clarkson Valley  2,528          8        0        67      13.3
 Winchester       1,633          9        2        43      13.2
 Country Club
 Hills          1,314         16        4        25       9.5
 Westwood           310          3        0         5       8.1
 Rock Hill        5,241          3        5        34       6.5
 ('94 only)
 Glendale         6,105         22        3        79       6.5
 Vinita Park      2,002          1        3         8       4.0
 ('93 only)
 St. Louis Co.
 totals   1,006,868     13,099    8,143    78,265      38.9

 ST. CHARLES COUNTY
 Wentzville       5,438         91      564       699      64.3
 O'Fallon       21,818        240    1,257     1,591      36.5
 St. Peters     50,557        366    2,733     3,307      32.7
 City of St.
 Charles       57,991        783    2,618     3,750      32.3
 Lake Saint Louis 7,802         78      301       398      25.5
 Unincorporated
 County        85,439        831    2,406     3,490      20.4
 St. Charles Co.
 totals     229,043      2,389    9,879    13,235      28.9

 JEFFERSON COUNTY
 Crystal City     4,146         99      480       628      75.7
 Festus           8,662        106      458       597      34.5
 Pevely           2,988         45      142       201      33.6
 Arnold          20,003        234    1,022     1,324      33.1
 DeSoto           6,427         41      251       304      23.7
 Unincorporated
 County       138,291      1,911    3,870     6,482      23.4
 Jefferson Co.
 totals   180,516      2,436    6,223     9,536      26.4

 FRANKLIN COUNTY
 Union            6,105         83      471       594      48.7
 Sullivan         4,848         69      331       423      43.6
 Washington      11,216        120      709       861      38.4
 Pacific          4,711         50      234       316      33.5
 Unincorporated
 County        57,665      1,246    1,248     2,726      23.6
 Franklin Co.
 totals     84,544      1,568    2,993     4,920      29.1

 WARREN COUNTY
 Warrenton       4,009         63      597       682       85.1
 Unincorporated
 County        16,925        197      212       442       13.1
 Warren Co.     totals    20,933        260      809     1,124 26.8

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 29, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

They learn history and science and how to cope with guns

BYLINE: Dennis Cauchon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 877 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va.


Guns, violence and crime. It's just a part of life for teens today - even good
kids, even good kids in good schools.

"We've grown to accept that violence is going to occur," says Karel Williams, a
student at T.C. Williams High School, a 2,000-student public school in this
suburb of Washington, D.C.

The teens see guns at parties in poor and wealthy neighborhoods. They all know
classmates and friends who've killed or been killed.

At a time when a USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll shows most adults ready to crack down
on teen-age criminals, T.C. Williams students, like other teens nationwide,
agree youth violence is a serious problem.

But their everyday response is not fear as much as fatalism.

"We learn to cope," says junior Jason Little. "It's not fear because we accept
that it's going to happen."

T.C. Williams is one of the better public schools in the Washington area. The
students talking are good kids, mostly on the honor roll.

Their school is diverse - 44% black, 31% white, 17% Hispanic, 8% Asian. And it's
a good school - 75% of students go to college. It's a safe school, too. There
are no metal detectors at the door. The principal and teachers keep vigilant
watch in the hallways. No shootings or stabbings have occurred on school
grounds, although an unloaded gun was found last December on a student getting
off a bus.

Inside the school's walls, students feel safe. They chuckle at the naivete of
parents who think school is where danger lies.

"Violence in schools is way overblown," says senior Sarah Harre. Adds senior Ned
Sullivan: "T.C. Williams is less threatening than any street corner."

Studies have confirmed this: Despite high-profile incidents, even the most
violent inner-city schools are safer than the environment that surrounds them.

"There's some type of social contract not to bring the violence inside this
school," says Pat Welsh, a T.C. Williams English teacher.

But outside, every student has a recent tale to tell.

Students were dancing at a club. When the music stopped, two guns were on the
floor. They'd fallen out of dancers' clothes. Students went to a party at a big
house in a wealthy neighborhood in Alexandria (pop. 111,000). One student opened
his jacket to proudly display an unloaded 9mm semiautomatic assault pistol in a
quick-draw holster. The mother at the house angrily threw out the student.

Sophomore Dionne Codrington tells the saddest story. In August, her ex-boyfriend
- they'd broken up two months earlier - was killed at a party. He was breaking
up a fight between two friends. "Pat died for no reason. He was a good person,
who got good grades," says Codrington.

Everyone knows who did it, she says. Police have a warrant out for his arrest.
"I see him around, but I don't say nothing to him. I just turn away," Codrington
says.

In the teen-age world, you don't confront trouble; you avoid it, partly to
escape retribution.

But another reason is more subtle: Students don't see the conflict as good
people vs. bad people - as many adults do.

Here's how the students recall a classmate accused of murdering another this
summer: "He was the nicest kid you could meet. He was so sweet. I never expected
him to do anything," says senior Shelle Silva. "When I heard, I thought it was
the wrong guy," says senior Andrew Poliakoff.

The reverse is true, too. Good kids may look like the bad-kid stereotype. The
result is bias against all, especially blacks. When they walk by, power locks go
down in cars, women cross the street.

Senior Jerome Campbell, the school's homecoming king, wears fashionable
low-riding baggy pants and has a beeper. An easy-going B+ student, Campbell rode
the subway daily to his job at the highway department this summer. No one would
sit next to him, even when the car was full. "It offends me," he says, "but it's
their own ignorance."

Even good kids follow style trends set by drug dealers.

"Having a gun is a fad just like having a beeper. First drug dealers had
beepers. Then everyone wanted one," says Campbell.

Now, most T.C. Williams students have beepers, students say. "It's like a toy.
You may never use it, but you've got to have one," Williams says. (Most leave
them at home; beepers are banned from school.)

Guns are spreading like beepers, the students say. "I'd say 80% of the kids here
have a gun, want a gun or have talked about getting a gun," says Sullivan.
Principal John Porter thinks the estimate is way too high. "Guns are certainly
available around the community. It's sort of a style thing. But kids sometimes
exaggerate the extent of a problem," he says.

Gun possession is rare at T.C. Williams, and results in expulsion.

Codrington recently heard a boy in the school brag about having a gun. His
friends didn't believe him, so he took out what appeared to be weapon and cocked
it. His friends responded admiringly: "Awww. Give me one. Give me one."
Codrington walked away. "I was scared."

Porter says students are good about anonymously reporting suspicions of guns. He
says most turn out to be BB guns or starter pistols, which are also dealt with
seriously. Says student Andrew Poliakoff: "People are starting to accept that
friends have guns. We can't accept that, because when we do it's the Wild West
again."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, Tom Horan (2)

CRIME; See related stories; 01A, 06A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 17, 1991, Wednesday, City Edition

Two men arrested in theft of computer chips

BYLINE: WILL RODGERS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 753 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Police have arrested two of five men suspected of storming an electronics
company early on July Fourth and stealing a million dollars in computer chips.

    The FBI also is investigating whether the men are part of a Vietnamese
robbery ring stretching from Miami to New York City.

    "We're looking at that possibility," said Larry Curtin, a special agent with
the FBI in Tampa. "Obviously, we would like to know more about these two men's
interstate connections."

    Phu Phong Le, 23, and Phong Thanh Tran, 21, were each charged with one count
of first-degree grand theft, said Wendell Creager, a St. Petersburg police
spokesman. Le, of Orlando, and Tran, of St * Petersburg, each were being held in
the Pinellas County Jail late Tuesday on $ 20,000 bail.

    Tran and Le were arrested in Orlando by St. Petersburg and Orlando
detectives shortly after the two men returned to Florida from Wilkes-Barre, Pa.,
where they had surrendered to authorities July 9 on federal warrants, Curtin
said. The two had been released on bail after appearing before a U.S. Magistrate
in Pennsylvania, he said.

    The FBI has charged Le and Tran each with one count of receiving and selling
stolen goods, transporting stolen goods across state lines and conspiring to
receive and sell stolen goods, Curtin said.

    The men have been ordered to appear before a U.S. Magistrate in Tampa on
Friday.

    Both the federal and state charges against Le and Tran stem from the July 4
armed robbery of Jabil Circuit Co., where five men pushed past a janitor, bound,
gagged and blindfolded 10 employees then stole computer microchips. The five men
were armed with .38- or .357-caliber handguns, wore gloves and apparently spoke
Vietnamese, investigators say.

    The chips, Intel 386s and 486s, are used to enhance the processing speed of
computers. Curtin said the amount stolen is valued at $ 1-million.

    "I'm very grateful for the St. Petersburg police," said a Jabil official,
who, for security reasons, asked not to be identified.

    Authorities still are looking for three other men, also thought to be
Vietnamese. Some of the men live in Florida and some elsewhere, Creager said.

    Le and Tran were identified by an informant to an agent of the federal
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms in New York City, said an FBI affidavit.
The Vietnamese informant told the agent he had traveled to Florida and met
"several Vietnamese individuals who claimed to have committed an armed robbery
of a computer company" in the Clearwater and St. Petersburg area.

    "During this robbery, the employees were blindfolded, gagged and restrained
with duct tape," the affidavit said. "These Vietnamese individuals notified the
CI (confidential informant) that they then stole approximately over one million
dollars worth of computer chips."

    According to the affidavit, 60 of the chips are being sold in New York City
the smaller 386 for $ 50 apiece and the larger 486 for $ 80. Some of the chips
also are being sold in Orlando and Miami, the document said. The chips are
valued at $ 300 and $ 700.

    The affidavit said Detective Robert Mitchell of the Wilkes-Barre Police
Department gave this account of the events leading to the theft:

    "Several Vietnamese individuals" met Le in Orlando and asked him to show
them a facility where they could get computer chips.  The group staked out Jabil
Circuit Co., 10800 Roosevelt Blvd., for four or five days.

    Le then returned to Orlando and gained the assistance of Tran, a former
temporary employee at Jabil. Tran gave the group information about Jabil's alarm
and access systems, the night manager's name and the location of the chips.

    At 1:30 a.m. on the Fourth of July, the group forced its way into Jabil and
stole the chips from circuit boards and the storage room.  The chips were then
divided between two vehicles and taken to Orlando, Miami and other undisclosed
locations.

    Neither of the men is a suspect in an earlier theft at Jabil, in which $
250,000 in computer chips was taken, Creager said. Employees are suspected in
that theft.

    Creager said police also are investigating whether Le and Tran are members
of Vietnamese gangs that have robbed computer companies on the West Coast for
several years.

    Some companies have lost millions of dollars because a limited supply of the
chips are produced.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); Phong Thanh Tran; Phu Phong Le

                            Times Publishing Company


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 19, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Crime Inquiry Focuses on Several Firms

BYLINE: By Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section D; Page 8; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 513 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 18


The National Association of Securities Dealers told Congress that it was
investigating nine brokerage firms and 19 small companies for possible organized
crime links and other securities violations.

"Organized crime is included, but our look is much broader than that, at any
violation of securities rules or criminal behavior," an N.A.S.D. Regulation Inc.
spokesman, Michael W. Robinson, said today.

The president of N.A.S.D. Regulation, Mary L. Schapiro, addressed the possible
presence of organized crime in a speech today. "We believe the presence exists,
and it's disturbing -- but we also believe it to be extremely limited," Ms.
Schapiro told the Securities Industry Association Compliance and Legal
Conference in Orlando.

Ms. Schapiro told Representative John Dingell, a Michigan Democrat, last month
that the industry body was investigating all the securities firms mentioned in a
Business Week article about organized crime. Mr. Dingell's staff released a copy
of the Feb. 28 letter today.

Ms. Schapiro also said in her letter that N.A.S.D. Regulation was investigating
and reviewing trading activity in the stocks of 19 companies listed on the
Nasdaq Market or the O-T-C Bulletin Board run by Nasdaq. All these companies
were mentioned in the Business Week article. Their stock was either underwritten
or sold by many of the firms under investigation, the magazine said.

Ms. Schapiro's letter said the N.A.S.D. had been investigating all but one of
the brokerage firms and many of the companies before the article was published.

These were the brokerage firms identified in the December Business Week article
as having possible organized crime ties: Euro-Atlantic of New York, Falcon
Trading Group, the Greenway Capital Corporation, Landmark International Equities
of Long Island, Monitor Investment Group of New York (ceased operations in
June), PCM Securities Ltd. of New York, the Sovereign Equity Management
Corporation of Boca Raton, Fla., State Street Capital Markets, the Toluca
Pacific Securities Corporation.

These were the companies identified in the Business Week article:

Affinity Entertainment Inc. of Tampa, Fla.; the Beachport Entertainment
Corporation of Los Angeles; Cable & Company Worldwide of New York; Celebrity
Entertainment Inc. of Palm Beach, Fla.; Crystal Broadcasting (changed its name
to Alliance Broadcasting Group in December)

First Colonial Ventures Ltd. of Los Angeles; Fun Tyme Concepts of Staten Island;
Global Spill Management Inc. of Norristown, Pa.; Hollywood Productions;
Innovative Medical Services of El Cajon, Calif.; International Nursing Services
Inc. of Denver; Mama Tish's Italian Specialties (Public offering postponed in
November; acquired by J&J Snack Foods in January);

Novatek International Inc. of Columbus, Md. (filed for bankruptcy in October);
Osicom Technologies Inc. of Santa Monica, Calif.; Reclaim Inc. (delisted from
Nasdaq in January 1996); S C&T International Inc. of Phoenix; Solv-Ex Corp. of
Albuquerque, N.M.; T.J.T. Inc. of Emmett, Idaho, and U.S. Bridge of New York.


LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    March 18, 1995, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

J.F.K. tops list as den of thieves, magazine says

BYLINE: RANDY KRAFT; ALLENTOWN MORNING CALL

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 824 words


Airports in New York City, Newark, N.J., and Philadelphia are among the most
crime-ridden in the world, according to Business Traveller International
magazine.

John F. Kennedy Airport is the worst of the world's largest international
airports, according to the magazine.

Second-worst is Kloten Airport in Zurich, Switzerland.

Newark's airport ranks third and Philadelphia's is fourth.

Several major airports, however, including O'Hare in Chicago and Logan in
Boston, are not included in the article because they refused to provide crime
statistics.

The magazine's editor believes the survey is the first statistical comparison of
crimes against passengers at 20 of the world's largest airports.

And officials at some airports included in the survey aren't happy about it.

"We feel the article is invalid," said Mark Pesce, a representative for
Philadelphia's airport.

"The story is based on a misleading and inaccurate survey that is essentially
meaningless," said Mark Marchese, representative for the Port Authority of New
York and New Jersey, which operates Kennedy, Newark and La Guardia.

"Six of the Top 15 international airports -- 40 per cent of them -- did not
respond to Business Traveller's survey," said Marchese. "The six included such
major airports as O'Hare in Chicago, Heathrow in London, Tokyo, Osaka and
Charles de Gaulle and Orly in Paris."

Mark Roberti, the magazine's senior editor, agreed that results of his article
would have been different if he had received responses from other airports. "I
would guess Heathrow and O'Hare might have been in the Top 10," he said.

The magazine requested information from 30 major airports: 20 in the United
States and 10 in other countries. Twenty responded: 15 in the United States and
five in other countries. "I think it says something if you don't respond: you're
not confident that your numbers are very good," Roberti said.

Officials at several airports that refused to respond claimed "comparisons were
unfair because of differences in airport size, crime reporting methods and other
reasons."

Larceny is the biggest crime at airports, according to Roberti.

"Business people on the go are seen as good pickings for thieves that scavenge
airports the world over looking for well-heeled victims," he wrote. "Thieves
know people arriving or departing from airports are likely to be carrying cash,
traveller's checks, credit cards, a passport (which can fetch up to $ 30,000 on
the black market in some countries) a lap top and other valuable items.

"No one will faint to learn that Kennedy Airport topped our list," wrote
Roberti. "JFK has long had a reputation as a den of thieves.

"However, Zurich's No. 2 position does not match that city's reputation for
clean living. ... Yet statistically, it is not safe."

Roberti wrote that Miami has a reputation for crimes against travellers, so
Miami International's fifth worst position "won't blow anyone away."

London's Gatwick and Frankfurt's Main airports ranked sixth and seventh, with
more crimes per passenger than Los Angeles, which was eighth. New York's La
Guardia was ninth, St. Louis 10th.

Roberti said he's not trying to discourage people from using major airports,
only to be more aware of the risks. He said busy travellers, especially business
travelers, will use whichever airports offer the most frequent and convenient
flights.

"Even at Kennedy the level of crime is not so awful that you would want to stay
clear of it altogether," said Roberti. "One out of every 4,000 passengers is a
victim of crime."

Crime at Kennedy increased between 1990 and 1993, he wrote, but at Newark it
decreased 46 per cent.

Marchese of the port authority said the magazine "paints a highly distorted
picture of crime at Kennedy. Overall crime at Kennedy decreased 10 per cent in
1994, compared to 1993, the year on which the article was based. In all of 1994,
there were only 2,500 reported luggage thefts, and only 26 purse snatchings, at
an airport that handled 28 million passengers."

Marchase said the decline in crime has continued this year, with a 32-per-cent
decrease last month compared to January 1994.

CRIME SEEN

Airport Crimes Per 10,000 Passengers in 1993:

* 1. Kennedy/New York: 2.493

* 2. Kloten/Zurich: 1.213

* 3. Newark Int'l: 1.064

* 4. Philadelphia Int'l: 0.959

* 5. Miami Int'l: 0.924

* 6. Gatwick/London: 0.916

* 7. Main/Frankfurt: 0.903

* 8. Los Angeles Int'l: 0.773

* 9. La Guardia/New York: 0.727

* 10. Lambert/St. Louis: 0.498

* 11. San Francisco Int'l: 0.448

* 12. Seattle-Tacoma Int'l: 0.432

* 13. Baltimore-Washington: 0.426

* 14. Stapleton/Denver: 0.270

* 15. Dulles & National/Washington: 0.248

* 16. Dallas-Fort Worth: 0.228

* 17. San Diego Int'l: 0.183

* 18. Hartsfield/Atlanta: 0.169

* 19. Kai Tak/Hong Kong: 0.131

* 20. Changi/Singapore: 0.047

Source: Business Traveler International magazine.


LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             April 14, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Vancouver's murder rate low by North American standards; We have the worst gun
crime record among big Canadian cities but overall, Manitoba and Saskatchewan
have highest crime rates in the country

BYLINE: Barbara Yaffe, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Barbara Yaffe; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 565  words


Just four months in, it's a fair bet 2009 will be remembered as the year crime
in Vancouver went from bad to untenable.

Reeling from a string of shootings on city streets linked to drug gangs, Lower
Mainlanders were shocked to learn of the April 4 murder of a jogger in one of
the city's most popular parks.

Vancouver residents are accustomed to hearing about their city in glowing terms
as one of the most livable and cleanest cities in the world. But earlier this
year, Public Safety Minister Peter Van Loan labelled the city Canada's gang
capital, leaving the impression Vancouver is a dangerous place to live.

A recent article in a Seattle newspaper asks its readers: "Would gang violence
deter you from attending the Olympics?"

It's easy to lose perspective when people are getting murdered in front of
downtown restaurants or in city green spaces.

But the fact is, Vancouver does not have a high murder rate, either by Canadian
or North American standards.

In terms of perception, a new Harris/Decima poll reveals a heightened worry
about crime nationally, "but particularly among residents of B.C. [and]
Alberta."

Crime stats, however, show Canada's crime rate hit a 25-year low in 2006, with
every province and territory recording a drop. Now, when it comes to the precise
category of "gun-related violent crime," Metro Vancouver consistently has
experienced the highest rate of any Canadian metropolitan area: 43.5 violent
offences with guns per 100,000 population, compared with a national average of
27.5. Toronto's rate is 40.4.

But when overall crime is considered -- offences ranging from murder to sexual
assault to impaired driving -- the folks who need to worry more are those in
Manitoba and Saskatchewan, the provinces with the highest crime rates in the
country.

Tracking homicides specifically, as of 2007, B.C. had a rate of 2.5 per 100,000
population, lower than the 2.8 in Alberta, 4.1 in Saskatchewan and 3.3 in
Manitoba.

Last year, Vancouver recorded 18 murders, compared to Toronto's 70 and
Montreal's 29. The first few months of 2009 does show a new trend: more
Vancouver murders, 20 so far.

But to put things in perspective, Vancouver continues to be a relatively safe
North American city. In the U.S., the average homicide rate is 6.3 per 100,000.
In Seattle last year, 30 murders were recorded, in L.A., 381, in New York, 523.

The uptick in Vancouver's murder rate in the last few months is being blamed on
gangs. The murder in Pacific Spirit Park seemed to come as "a last straw," but
did not reflect any discernible trend.

Vancouver is brimming with gangs: the Hells Angels, the United Nations Gang, the
Independent Soldiers, Chinese Triad gangs, the Big Circle Boys, Red Scorpions,
Punjabi gangs, the East European mafia.

What has been happening is that Mexican authorities have launched a campaign to
curb their own drug cartel activity.

That campaign has disrupted the cocaine supply line that runs from L.A. to
Vancouver, which in turn has sent drug prices skyward and fuelled more gang
violence.

Whether this reflects a temporary or more permanent situation is hard to know.

But what is clear is that Vancouver, with its close proximity to the U.S.
border, is likely to continue experiencing an outsized number of homicides for a
city its size as long as it continues producing a potent and plentiful marijuana
crop and has a culture that supports it.

byaffe@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; Crime; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Bloomington South student starts petition for Hate Crime Law

BYLINE: Mary Keck, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


Oct. 26--A junior at Bloomington High School South has started an online
petition, asking state officials to enact a hate crime law.

Maria Lysandrou, a junior at South, said she was spurred into action by the
recent assault on a Muslim woman at Sofra Cafe.

"When I read about the recent attacking of the Muslim woman, and there not being
a hate crime law, I wanted there to be something for me to do so I can help
there not to be racial recrimination and other hate crimes," Lysandrou said.

After doing some research, the 16-year-old South student discovered that Indiana
is one of a handful of states that don't have hate crime laws. She then has
started the online petition at the website change.org that urges lawmakers in
Indiana and in the four other states to adopt hate crime legislation.

"All religions and ethnicities should be embraced rather than being shut down,"
Lysandrou said.

Bloomington police have arrested former Indiana University student, Triceten
Bickford, 19, of Fort Wayne, in connection with the Sofra Cafe incident. Police
say he yelled "white power" and "kill the police," among other epithets, when
assaulting a woman wearing a head scarf. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has
since opened a hate crime investigation into the attack.

"I thought it was absurd that we don't have a hate crime law," Lysandrou said.
"What happened is offensive to her and the whole community."

The petition is addressed to Governor Mike Pence, State Rep. Matt Pierce,
D-Bloomington, and State Rep. Gregory Porter, D-Indianapolis. The letter is also
addressed to lawmakers in Wyoming, Georgia, South Carolina and Arkansas, the
four other states without hate crime laws.

"Please help me in telling Indiana, South Carolina, Arkansas, Georgia and
Wyoming that not having a hate crime law is unacceptable, and it needs to
change," her online petition reads.

While Lysandrou isn't sure if the petition will change state law, she hopes it
will at least make people more aware and encourage others to contact lawmakers.

"I don't want this to just be a blemish on society; I want this to be something
to motivate people," she said.

By Monday afternoon, Lysandrou's petition had collected more than 80 signatures.

Find her petition at http://ow.ly/TR6dz.

___ (c)2015 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151026-BM-Bloomington-South-student-starts-petition-for-Hate-Crime
-Law-1026-20151026

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2015 Herald-Times


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Nation digest: White Texas man admits hate-crime attack on black man

BYLINE:  From news services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 647 words


Embassy agreement with Cuba is reached

President Barack Obama will announce Wednesday that the U.S. and Cuba have
reached an agreement to open embassies in Havana and Washington, an
administration official said.

The announcement marks a major step in ending hostilities between the longtime
foes.

The U.S. and Cuba have been negotiating the reestablishment of embassies
following the Dec. 17 announcement that they would move to restore ties.

For Obama, ending Washington's half-century freeze with Cuba is seen as a major
element of his foreign policy legacy.

Since the late 1970s, the United States and Cuba have operated diplomatic
missions called interests sections in each other's capitals. The missions are
technically under the protection of Switzerland.

Houston man pleads guilty in hate crime o A white Houston-area man has pleaded
guilty to a federal hate crime for the surprise punching of an elderly black
man.

In federal court in Houston on Tuesday, Conrad Alvin Barrett admitted to racial
motivation in the Nov. 24, 2013, attack on his 81-year-old victim.

Barrett, 29, used his cellphone to record the attack. The victim was
hospitalized for several days for treatment of two jaw fractures.

Barrett could receive up to 10 years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine when
he's sentenced Sept. 18.

Missouri, 12 other states sue EPA over water rules o They beat the EPA on coal,
and now some state attorneys general hope to score a farming victory.

Attorneys general from 13 states, including Missouri, have sued the
Environmental Protection Agency over a new rule they say gives the federal
government more power to regulate farms and streams. The lawsuit comes a day
after the U.S. Supreme Court blocked a rule for coal-fired power plants.

A spokeswoman for the Environmental Protection Agency did not comment on the
lawsuit directly but said the rule was designed to protect people from unsafe
drinking water.

The rule, which defines "waters of the United States," would expand the scope of
clean water regulation, increasing the government's authority to control land
use. It's unpopular with some farm groups.

Black churches warned over arsons o The NAACP warned black churches Tuesday to
take "necessary precautions" as authorities in Southern states investigate
whether several church fires over the last week were arsons.

Citing a series of arsons that struck black churches across the South in the
1990s, the NAACP used a hashtag that went viral this week and tweeted Tuesday,
"Almost 20 years later, we must again ask, #WhoIsBurningBlackChurches?"

Officials said two black churches were targeted by arsonists last week in
Knoxville, Tenn., where a van was destroyed, and Charlotte, N.C., where a church
building was destroyed. No arrests have been made or suspects identified in
those cases.

California governor signs vaccination law o Gov. Jerry Brown on Tuesday signed a
hotly contested California bill to impose one of the strictest school
vaccination laws in the country in the wake of an outbreak of measles at
Disneyland late last year.

California now joins West Virginia and Mississippi as the only states without a
personal-belief exemption for vaccines. Medical exemptions will still be
available for children with serious health issues.

Opponents of the bill were emotional Tuesday, but they vowed to continue their
fight.

Donation refused over transgender stipulation o The Girl Scouts of Western
Washington said it has returned a $100,000 donation because it came with the
provision that the money couldn't be used to support transgender girls.

The group said it sent back the money in late May after the donor had asked that
the gift be returned unless the group guaranteed it would not be used to benefit
transgender girls.

On Monday, the group set up a crowdfunding campaign asking for help to fill the
gap. By Tuesday afternoon, thousands had given more than $180,000.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Somersworth mayor defends his city, blasts dangerous label

BYLINE: Judi Currie, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 666 words


Dec. 18--SOMERSWORTH -- Mayor Dana Hilliard said an Internet report calling
Somersworth the most dangerous place to live in New Hampshire is offensive and
an attack on the community.

An analysis by real estate web site Movoto says the odds of being a victim of a
crime in Somersworth are 1 in 19.

The California real estate firm said it used U.S. Census figures and FBI
statistics on violent crime to determine a per capita crime rate.

Looking at the actual FBI figures shows that Somersworth is hurt by its
relatively small size.

Hilliard said statistics don't tell the whole story.

"Movoto Real Estate has unjustly painted an image of Somersworth as a community
ridden with a rampant crime problem. They have falsely portrayed our streets and
neighborhoods as unsafe and unwelcoming," Hilliard said. "For those of us who
live here, who have stood by our community, who call Somersworth home, whose
blood runs with Hilltopper Blue, the report is offensive and a direct attack
upon the foundation which makes our city unique, a sense of pride and
community".

Isolating the murder rate would put Laconia at the top of the list followed by
Lebanon, Hampton, Milford, and Manchester.

Looking exclusively at violent crime rates Manchester tops the list, Somersworth
drops to third place. The post reads: "It [Somersworth] also had the second
highest number of violent crimes."

In relationship to population the ratio is high. But in terms of the actual
number of violent crimes it ranks 13th overall, behind Manchester, Nashua and
the nearby cities of Rochester, Portsmouth and Dover.

Another concern to Mayor Hilliard is the way statistics can be manipulated. The
Movoto analysis weighted murders, violent crimes, and property crimes to each
comprise 30 percent of the overall score, while the total number of crimes made
up just 10 percent, in order to accurately compare the differing severity in
crimes, as explained in the post.

Based on their process property crimes were given similar weight to violent
crimes.

In a prior blog Movoto ranked New Hampshire as the safest state in the country.
Despite labeling the Hilltop city most dangerous, they admit that Somersworth is
still safer than even the safest community in all of South Carolina.

Hilliard admits Somersworth has its issues but the community has never shied
away from admitting or tackling deficiencies.

"In the Hilltopper spirit we come together as a community, citizens united and
work together for long standing feasible solutions. The citizens of Somersworth
adhere to the Yankee philosophy of neighbor helping neighbor while embodying the
New Hampshire "Live Free or Die" ideology. We respect each other, help each
other and look out for each other."

Movoto goes on to add that the ranking "...is not a critique of police practices
or effectiveness. It is simply an analysis of where crimes occurred."

A link to the post was sent to media outlets in a press release on Monday;
however, several communities that seemed to fit their criteria were not
included. In reply to an email inquiry from Foster's Daily Democrat asking why
some were absent from the list, Movoto Content manager Randy Nelson replied, "We
will be publishing an update to the ranking shortly. There was an error in the
matching between the Census data and 2012 FBI UCR, which resulted in the
omission of those cities."

The new article lists the top five "most dangerous places" as Somersworth,
Laconia, Conway, Manchester and Claremont. In Movoto's first version of Conway
didn't even make the list. Closing their blog post may speak to their motive
behind. The post reads: "Still, if you fancy a move from Somersworth to some
place safer, we'll gladly help you find your new home. We hear Exeter is just
lovely this time of year."

The full post is at
http://www.movoto.com/nh/most-dangerous-places-in-new-hampshire/.

___ (c)2014 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141218-1FD-Somersworth-mayor-defends-his-city-blasts-dangerous-label-1218-2014
1218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2014 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Salt Lake City hosts violent crime conference

BYLINE: Pat Reavy Deseret News

LENGTH: 501 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? More than 200 law enforcers from across Utah and a couple of
surrounding states were in Salt Lake City Thursday to learn about the latest
ways to investigate robbery and violent crimes. The idea to host the first
annual Utah Violent Crimes Conference came because of the large number of
requests from detectives to attend training conferences out of state, said Salt
Lake Assistant Police Chief Rick Findlay.

Financially, it's very hard to do, so a proposal was made to bring the training
conferences to detectives instead. "I get training requests from detectives all
the time asking to go from coast to coast to cities that traditionally host
these types of events: Las Vegas, New Orleans, even back east to Chicago and New
York. And it's very difficult to send a large number of detectives to get the
quality kind of training that we're going to provide here," he said. The two-day
conference was expected to cover everything from robbery 101 to cold case
homicides and how to track kidnap victims. Because of the investigative
techniques being discussed, the conference was closed to the public. Findlay
said hosting the Utah Violent Crimes Conference in Salt Lake City is not an
indicator that violent crime is on the rise in Utah. "The sense of safety within
any community is how susceptible they think they may be to violent crime.
Burglaries and larcenies, while they still are our biggest problem ? those are
our most numerical or high quantity of problem ? but it's the violent crime,
it's the person crime that can make a community feel unsafe. So it's not that
we've seen an increase in violent crime, but the specialization that detectives
need to have to investigate violent crime ? that's really a specialization and
we feel it's important to get those specialists together," he said. The
technology used to apprehend defendants and hold them accountable has changed
over the years, and investigators need to be kept apprised of the latest tools,
Findlay said. "The technology has changed and grown just like it has in the
civilian world and in society in general. But the motivation for violent crime
has remained the same, whether it's greed, desperation, just people using
violence as a method of conflict resolution because they don't have the social
skills not to use violence," he said. The other advantage to hosting such a
conference is the networking that officers can gain with each other by meeting
and participating in workshops face-to-face, Findlay said. That becomes
invaluable when police departments from several agencies may be looking for the
same suspect. "Our criminal offenders do not abide by jurisdictions the way that
governments do," Findlay said."Rather than just a number and name in (an
officer's) phone, now they have a relationship with (the other investigator)."
The FBI helped Salt Lake police put the conference together, but the agency
unable to attend because of the government shutdown. Email:
preavy@deseretnews.com Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           November 27, 2010 Saturday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Brian Freskos; Brian.Freskos@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 655 words


A new report ranking Wilmington among the top 100 most crime-ridden cities in
America has reignited a long-running debate about the validity of statistical
comparisons.

The controversial report, released on Monday by international publisher CQ
Press, ranks Wilmington as the 97th most crime-filled metro area in the nation
with a population exceeding 75,000. The ranking was calculated using 2009
statistical data compiled by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

While some criminologists and law enforcement officials question the report's
methodology, the ranking provides perspective on the degree of criminal activity
in Wilmington.

Senior law enforcement officials in many of the nation's cities identified in
the report as high-crime communities have criticized the findings.

In Wilmington, Deputy Chief of Police David Conklin, while conceding the report
gives a "snapshot" of the city's crime issues, said such comparisons fail to
take into account the unique social and economic factors that contribute to
crime in different communities.

Conklin acknowledged that these rankings often lead people to make judgments
about the safety of a community, and so law enforcement and government entities
should strive to improve their standing.

"We're going to work to get a better ranking on that list," he said, "but we're
probably only going to get to a certain point because of our unique factors."

Indeed, a variety of factors contribute to a city's crime rate. Those factors
range from population density to socioeconomic conditions to climate.

Earlier this month, Randy LaGrange, a criminologist and professor at the
University of North Carolina Wilmington, noted that "Wilmington has had
historically high rates."

"There have been many folks who have tried to figure out why that is," LaGrange
said. "It's so hard for a social scientist, a criminologist, to explain."

CQ Press, which has published such rankings annually for the past 17 years,
acknowledged that unique conditions contribute to an area's crime rate. But it
said those criticisms do not mean the rates are invalid, and the rankings not
only allow comparisons but also enable leaders to track trends year over year.

A StarNews analysis of crime and population data compiled by the FBI showed that
one in 16 Wilmington residents reported a property crime to police in 2009;
another one in 124 reported a violent crime.

That year, violent crime - which includes robbery, rape and murder - increased
almost 5 percent; and property crime - such as burglary, larceny and motor
vehicle theft - surged 14 percent over 2008.

Statewide, the CQ Press report shows that Wilmington's crime rate outpaces
Charlotte, High Point, Raleigh, Jacksonville and Cary, though it sees less crime
than Winston-Salem, Greensboro and Fayetteville.

St. Louis was listed as the nation's most dangerous city. Colonie, N.Y., was the
safest.

Wilmington's most recent ranking reflects a modest improvement over last year's
comparisons, when it was ranked the 87th most crime-afflicted metro in America.
That progress surprised some officials who expected the ranking to worsen after
2009's crime increase.

Wilmington's 2009 uptick in criminal activity has been tied, at least in part,
to the economic downturn.

Kim Cook, the chair of UNCW's sociology and criminology department, told the
StarNews earlier this month that the economic malaise prompted more people to
turn to crime.

"When people are desperate for economic resources and opportunities, and when
legitimate employment is not available, the illegal options" become more
attractive, Cook said.

Beyond the economy, however, Wilmington also has maintained wide gaps between
the rich and the poor, is one of the densest metros in North Carolina, and is
the only major hub in the southeastern region - which are among the leading
factors that officials and experts blame for the city's high crime rates.

Brian Freskos: 343-2327

On Twitter: @BrianFreskos

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

CRIME RATE DIPS IN STATE, REGION

BYLINE: ABHI RAGHUNATHAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 474 words



HIGHLIGHT: But murders and violent crime are up, the FDLE's report says.


The state's overall crime rate inched down last year, but the rate of violent
crimes increased largely due to a spike in murders, according to an annual crime
report released Tuesday.

The crime rate dipped 1 percent, while the violent crime rate increased by 0.5
percent in 2006, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement's annual
crime report.

The violent crime rate decreased in Pinellas County by 2.3 percent in 2006 and
the overall crime rate nudged down 1.1 percent. Violent crime in the Midtown
section of St. Petersburg was down 9.2 percent.

Overall, crime in the city of St. Petersburg decreased by less than 1 percent.

In Hillsborough County, the violent crime rate fell by 10.9 percent, though the
total number of crimes fell by just 2.1 percent.

When asked Tuesday about the increase in violent crimes, Gov. Charlie Crist said
the overall crime rate was at a 36-year low.

"I've always been concerned about crime, violent and otherwise, Crist said. "I
think it's very important that we always stay vigilant on what is in my view the
most important thing government does, and that is to protect and keep people
secure."

Bill Proffitt, a spokesman for the St. Petersburg Police Department, said recent
attention on Midtown may have helped fuel the large crime reduction there.

Col. Carl Hawkins of the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office said the 10.9
percent decrease in violent crime was likely due to the office's recent
initiatives on cracking down on gangs in the county.

"The sheriff has taken a firm stance against gangs in Hillsborough County," he
said. "We're trying to keep a handle on this so that it doesn't develop into the
challenges of other major cities in the United States."

In Hernando County, the number of arrests jumped nearly 18 percent to 8,109,
while the violent crime rate fell by 4.5 percent.

Conversely, in Pasco County, violent crime increased by 12.8 percent, driven in
part by a spike in murders. Last year, there were 26, up from 15 in 2005.

"We know that we have some increases, and we will try to determine what those
stats mean for our law enforcement effort," said Pasco sheriff's spokesman Kevin
Doll. "We are being stretched thin ... and it's possible it is reflected in
those statistics."

The number of murders in the state jumped from 881 in 2005 to 1,129 in 2006, the
FDLE report said. That's a 28.1 percent increase. Gun-related murders jumped by
42 percent.

Miami-Dade County had 240 murders in 2006, up from 171 in 2005. Duval County,
which includes Jacksonville, had 115 murders in 2006, up from 96 the previous
year. And Orange County, which includes Orlando, saw the number of murders
skyrocket from 74 in 2005 to 121 in 2006.

Tallahassee Bureau Chief Steve Bouquet and reporter Sarah Mishkin contributed to
this report. Reach Abhi Raghunathan at araghunathan@sptimes.com or (727)
893-8472.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

VIOLENT CRIME RATE DIPS 10.9% IN COUNTY

BYLINE: ABHI RAGHUNATHAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: That's in contrast to most of the rest of the state, where violent
crime rose, the FDLE report says.


The state's overall crime rate inched down last year, but the rate of violent
crimes increased largely due to a spike in murders, according to an annual crime
report released Tuesday.

The crime rate dipped 1 percent, while the violent crime rate increased by 0.5
percent in 2006, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement's annual
crime report.

In Hillsborough County, the violent crime rate fell by 10.9 percent, though the
total number of crimes fell by just 2.1 percent.

Col. Carl Hawkins of the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office said the 10.9
percent decrease in violent crime was likely due to the office's recent
initiatives in cracking down on gangs in the county.

"The sheriff has taken a firm stance against gangs in Hillsborough County," he
said. "We're trying to keep a handle on this so that it doesn't develop into the
challenges of other major cities in the United States."

The number of murders in the state jumped from 881 in 2005 to 1,129 in 2006, the
FDLE report said. That's a 28.1 percent increase. Gun-related murders jumped by
42 percent.

Miami-Dade County had 240 murders in 2006, up from 171 in 2005. Duval County,
which includes Jacksonville, had 115 murders in 2006, up from 96 the previous
year. And Orange County, which includes Orlando, saw the number of murders
skyrocket from 74 in 2005 to 121 in 2006.

In the Tampa Bay area, Pasco County reflected the same upward trend, with
violent crime increasing by 12.8 percent, driven in part by a spike in murders.
Last year, there were 26, up from 15 in 2005.

"We know that we have some increases, and we will try to determine what those
stats mean for our law enforcement effort," Pasco sheriff's spokesman Kevin
Doll. "We are being stretched thin ... and it's possible it is reflected in
those statistics."

Conversely, in Hernando County, the number of arrests jumped nearly 18 percent,
to 8,109, while the violent crime rate fell by 4.5 percent.

The violent crime rate also decreased in Pinellas County, dropping by 2.3
percent in 2006, with the overall crime rate nudging down 1.1 percent.

Violent crime in the Midtown section of St. Petersburg was down 9.2 percent.

Overall, crime in the city of St. Petersburg decreased by less than one percent.

Bill Proffitt, a spokesman for the St. Petersburg police department, said recent
attention on Midtown may have helped fuel the large crime reduction there.

"That may be an indication of all the good things the city's doing in Midtown,"
Proffitt said.

When asked Tuesday about the state's increase in violent crimes, Gov. Charlie
Crist pointed out that the overall crime rate was at a 36-year low. He also
stressed the importance of legislation like his proposed anti-murder act.

"I've always been concerned about crime, violent and otherwise, Crist said. "I
think it's very important that we always stay vigilant on what is in my view the
most important thing government does, and that is to protect and keep people
secure."

Tallahassee Bureau Chief Steve Bouquet and reporter Sarah Mishkin contributed to
this report. Abhi Raghunathan can be reached at araghunathan@sptimes.com or
(727) 893-8472.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Police tie jump in crime to juveniles;
Gangs, guns add up to increased violence

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 427 words


Police in cities across the USA are linking the recent jump in the nation's
violent-crime rate to an increasing number of juveniles involved in armed
robberies, assaults and other incidents.

In Minneapolis, Milwaukee, Washington, Boston and elsewhere, police are
reporting spikes in juvenile crime as a surge in violence involving gangs and
weapons has raised crime rates from historical lows early this decade. The
rising concern about juveniles comes a month after the FBI said the nation's
rate for violent crimes -- murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault -- rose
in 2005, the first time in five years.

Minneapolis police estimate that this year, juveniles will account for 63% of
all suspects in violent and property offenses there, up from 45% in 2002.

In Washington and Boston, police say there have been alarming increases in
robberies by juveniles. This year, 42% of all robbery suspects in Washington
have been juveniles, up from 25% in 2004, the police department says. A series
of homicides -- 14 in July -- has led D.C. Police Chief Charles Ramsey to
declare an emergency that allows him to put more cops in troubled areas. Four
suspects have been arrested in the slaying of a British man in the upscale
Georgetown area Sunday; they include a 15-year-old.

In Boston, juvenile arrests for robbery rose 54% in 2005; weapons arrests
involving youths rose 103%. "Kids are jumping into this violence," police
Superintendent Paul Joyce says. "We're very concerned."

The forces behind rising juvenile crime vary by city, but officials cite some
common factors. Among them:

*Reduced funding for police and community programs. Localities often complain
they don't have enough money; now the chorus is getting louder. Tight budgets
and an emphasis on terrorism have shifted federal and state money from police
and programs for youths. "It should be no surprise that the streets are more
violent," Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak says. Since 2003, he says, Minneapolis
has lost at least $35million a year in state funding for city programs.

*A changing social climate. In Boston and other cities, gang leaders imprisoned
a decade or longer ago are being released and are reclaiming their turf. Joyce
says they're recruiting -- or forcing -- youths to carry guns or deliver drugs
to shield older gang members from additional charges. The weapons can turn
disputes among teens into violent confrontations, he says.

"Every 10 years, we seem to go through a cycle of violence," says Tom Cochran of
the U.S. Conference of Mayors. "Everybody is trying to figure this out."

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Karl Gelles, USA TODAY, Sources: Police departments
(Bar graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 19, 2005 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Buffalo crime rise of 3% bucks state trend, report shows

BYLINE: By Vanessa Thomas - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 304 words


While crime dropped throughout New York State for the first six months of the
year, crime in Buffalo rose by 3 percent.

Crime statistics released Sunday by the FBI showed that the city's crime index
jumped as the statewide rate fell by almost the same 3 percent overall.

Buffalo, in fact, was the only major upstate city to see a rise in crime. The
increase was due largely to a 9.3 percent spike in larcenies and 8.6 percent
rise in robberies. Vehicle thefts also rose by almost 3 percent.

While the number of murders was about the same, the city's rapes and aggravated
assaults dropped, as did burglaries. Overall, for the period, the city's violent
crimes decreased 4 percent, while property crimes rose almost 3 percent.

The statistics compare crimes from January to June 2004 and January to June
2005.

Statewide, crime dropped in six of seven categories, largely reflecting the drop
in crime in New York City.

Overall, New York City crime fell 3.4 percent, and the rest of the state dropped
2.2 percent. In Rochester, crime decreased 6.1 percent; Syracuse, 9.3 percent;
and Yonkers, 7.6 percent.

"For more than a decade, we have had unprecedented reductions in crime in New
York State," Gov. George E. Pataki said in a statement.

"Working together, we have helped to make New York the safest large state in the
nation and the sixth safest state overall."

Pataki tied the drop to "tough, smart criminal-justice initiatives" and
"continued hard work of law enforcement professionals."

Buffalo's crime increase follows a series of ups and downs over the past five
years, including a 1.8 percent drop from 2003 to 2004; 7.5 percent jump from
2002 to 2003; 4.4 percent decrease from 2001 to 2002; and 1.7 percent drop from
2000 to 2001.

Top Buffalo police officials were not immediately available to comment.

e-mail: vthomas@buffness.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Crime drops statewide; increases in Buffalo First six months of 2005
compared with first six months 2004: [Graphic - see microfilm]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 17, 2001 Tuesday Three Star Edition

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS; Nation Briefs Column; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 580 words


SOUTH

BIRMINGHAM, Ala.

Former Klansman won't stand trial for murder

A judge ruled Monday that a former Ku Klux Klansman is mentally incompetent and
cannot be tried for murder in a 1963 church bombing that killed four black
girls.

Circuit Judge James S. Garrett ruled that lawyers and medical experts for Bobby
Frank Cherry had presented enough evidence to show he isn't mentally fit to face
murder charges in the bombing of the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church, the
deadliest act of the civil rights era.

Garrett scheduled another hearing for Aug. 10 and said he will order further
testing by the Alabama Department of Mental Health. Cherry could be committed to
a state hospital for treatment or sent home with the charges dismissed.

BAYTOWN, Texas

Man is missing, four die as van crashes into river

Sheriff's divers were searching Monday for the last of five people believed to
have died when their van bounced over a concrete guardrail into a river.

Police recovered four other bodies within hours of the crash Sunday, but a
36-year-old man from Marietta, Ga., was still missing Monday. Two people
survived.

The minivan was heading to Georgia when it careened out of control and sank in
the San Jacinto River, east of Houston. The driver, a 56-year-old woman, was
plucked from the water by bystanders. Her 11-year-old grandson was ejected onto
the roadway. Both were in good condition in a hospital Monday.

MIDWEST

BETHLEHEM, Ind.

Ohio River is searched for three missing men

Divers pulled the bodies of three men from the Ohio River on Monday as rescuers
searched for three other men missing since their small boat collided with a line
of barges in dense fog.

The searchers were aided by sonar and an underwater camera. They found the
bodies of the three men about a mile apart over several hours Monday in an area
about 25 miles northeast of Louisville, Ky.

The six Kentucky men were fishing on the river when their boat was struck Sunday
by either a towboat or the 15 barges it was pushing.

EAST

WASHINGTON

Mother's willpower was key to birth of 7, doctor says

The doctor of a woman who delivered septuplets last week credits the successful
birth to the mother's willpower and motivation to help her children.

"Yesterday she walked with me all the way upstairs to the neonatal intensive
care unit," where she held two of the babies, said Dr. Mutahar Fauzia, the
mother's physician.

The 28-year-old mother, whose name has not been released, is expected to leave
Georgetown University Hospital today, Fauzia said. The septuplets, now in the
neonatal intensive care unit, will probably stay in the hospital for eight
weeks, she said. The babies' father, Fahad Qahtani, said he and his wife have
lost two children - a 6-month-old boy and a 3-year-old girl - who were both
waiting for organ transplants.

WEST

INDIO, Calif.

Robert Downey Jr. is sent to rehab instead of jail

A haggard-looking Robert Downey Jr. got another second chance Monday, striking a
plea bargain on drug charges that sends him to rehab instead of jail.

Under a new California law stressing cure over punishment, Downey was sentenced
to a year in a rehabilitation program. Without the law, it's likely he would
have faced jail time. He also was fined, handed three years' probation and must
comply with random drug testing and searches.

Riverside County Superior Court Judge Randall White warned Downey he could spend
up to four years behind bars if he violates the terms.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            October 18, 1999, Monday

CRIME TAKES FRESH DIVE

BYLINE: Larry Celona and Cathy Burke

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 022

LENGTH: 247 words


New York - and the nation - appear to be heading into the new millennium with
some of the lowest rates of serious crimes in years, the latest local and
federal data show.

For 1998, crimes reported by police to the FBI across the nation were down for
the seventh straight year, the law-enforcement agency reported yesterday.

The trend is continuing in the Big Apple - with the troubling exception of
murders, which are on the rise so far this year, the newest NYPD figures show.

As of Oct. 10, NYPD figures show overall serious crime is down 8.7 percent
compared with the same period last year. The murder rate in the Big Apple is up
by the same percentage over the time period.

Officials have pegged the 8.7 percent rise to an increase in domestic murders
and to less aggressive stop-and-frisk activity by cops in the wake of the fatal
police shooting of Amadou Diallo earlier this year.

In the other six categories of serious crimes logged by the NYPD - rape,
robbery, burglary, assault, grand larceny and stolen cars - figures were all
down for the year.

In the national crime figures for 1998, the overall violent crime rate - 566
murders, rapes, robberies and assaults per 100,000 residents - dropped to its
lowest figure since the 556 of 1985, just before an epidemic of crack cocaine
sent it soaring.

In New Jersey, Atlantic City, Newark and Trenton all saw slight increases in the
number of murders in 1998, while Jersey City reported a significant drop.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 NOVEMBER 24, 1997 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CRIME RATE IN NATION, AREA DIPS FBI REPORTS 15% DROP IN SUNNYVALE

BYLINE: BILL ROMANO, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 966 words


Serious crime in the South Bay for the first six months of 1997 matched the same
downward trend shown across the country, according to preliminary Uniform Crime
Report figures released today by the FBI.

Nationally, serious crime reported by the nation's law enforcement agencies
dropped 4 percent. In the South Bay, crime was down in two large cities -- San
Jose and Sunnyvale.

Among other large cities, Fremont recorded a slight increase.

The Uniform Crime Report covers municipalities with populations of more than
100,000. It primarily addresses incidences of murder, rape, robbery, aggravated
assault, burglary, larceny and auto theft. Because of that mix, some cities
might experience increases in certain types of offenses but still see an overall
decline in the crime rate.

In San Jose, the total number of those so-called "index crimes" trailed off by
11 percent from the same period a year ago. Sunnyvale -- this summer listed as
the fifth-safest city in the nation, according to FBI statistics -- logged a 15
percent decline in the overall categories. But the figure in Fremont increased 6
percent.

San Jose Police Chief Lou Cobarruviaz was pleased with the downturn in crime,
but he said he remains particularly concerned over the incidence of juvenile and
domestic violence in the city.

"I'm proud of what we're doing," he said, "but we still have a long way to go."

Cited by a national publication as one of the safest communities in the United
States, Fremont -- now 94th among the country's biggest cities -- saw a 50
percent drop in arson and 32 percent slide in robberies this year. But it also
saw increases in all other property and violent offenses. Although the city had
only two homicides, there were seven more rapes than last year's total of 15. In
addition, larceny, burglary and car theft were up.

Growth brings problems
"It's no secret Fremont is one of the fastest-growing cities in the Bay Area, if
not the state," Fremont police Capt. Mike Lanam said. "We're starting to
experience some of the problems other big cities have experienced for a long
time. We're learning. We hope we don't make the same mistakes."

Statistics can be misleading, he said. Fremont's crime rate ranks favorably when
compared to cities of like size and demographics, he added.

Even some of the nation's biggest cities -- New York, Los Angeles and Detroit,
for example -- have experienced overall decreases in crime. San Francisco and
Oakland experienced 3 percent and 4 percent drops, respectively, in their total
crime rates.

The latest FBI report follows by one week the lesser-known National Crime
Victimization Survey. It revealed that the rate that criminals targeted
Americans in 1996 fell to the lowest level in two decades. Based on an annual
sampling of 94,000 people, that report disclosed that the country's rate of
violent crime dropped 10 percent last year. It also reported that property crime
-- burglary, auto theft, larceny and arson -- went down 8 percent.

Coupled with the FBI figures, the survey results suggest the country is in the
midst of a trend rather than a short-term crime fluctuation, some experts say.

Smaller cities show dip, too
Meanwhile, data compiled by the California Department of Jus tice mirrors a
decline in almost all crime categories statewide during the past six months --
except for rape, in which no percentage change was reported.

The Santa Clara County Sheriff's Department, whose jurisdiction includes Monte
Sereno, Saratoga, Cupertino and all unincorporated areas, reported a 6 percent
dip. A spot check of other communities indicated overall crime off 6 percent in
Gilroy, 7 percent in Santa Clara and 9 percent in Campbell. Mountain View
reported a 17 percent decrease this year.

With 10 rapes, one murder but more than 400 aggravated assaults, Mountain View
still has a level of violent crime that concerns authorities, Sgt. Richard Elias
said.

Compared with 53 robberies in the first six months of 1996, the number of
stickups was down to 16 as of the latest reporting date in June.

"It's hard to put your finger on what you might be doing to cause an impact,"
Elias said. "That crime is down is good. On the other hand, you have to be
extremely cautious and keep your guard up. You never know when those things
(statistics) might change."

History of moderate crime
Typically over the years, San Jose has had a moderate crime rate compared with
other major metropolitan areas. During the current year, San Jose witnessed an
increase of 2 percent in violent crime but a decline of 14 percent in property
crimes. Burglaries were down 9 percent and larcenies 18 percent; motor vehicle
thefts rose 2 percent, while arson dropped 17 percent.

A breakdown of San Jose's violent crimes shows 16 percent more homicides. There
were 22 murders in the first six months of 1997, compared with 19 during the
same period last year. There have been 40 homicides so far this year in San Jose
-- the same number of murders as in all of 1996.

Rapes in San Jose were up 26 percent, aggravated assaults were up 4 percent but
robbery was down 11 percent.

The all-time high for homicides in San Jose -- 68 -- was in 1981.

Since then, Cobarruviaz said, the total has averaged about 40 a year. "It's been
leveling off in the last six or seven years," he said. Considering the
substantial in crease in population during that period, the city has managed
fairly well in that regard, the chief said.

CHART: MERCURY NEWS
Violent crime rates
per 100,000 population for first six months of 1996 and 1997
Source: Mercury News analysis of crime data from the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and population data from the California Department of Finance

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 11, 1997, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Clinton urges expanding laws on hate crimes

BYLINE: Scott Shepard; WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 03A

LENGTH: 508 words


Washington ---President Clinton, declaring Monday that "all Americans deserve
protection from hate," endorsed expanding hate crime laws to help prosecute
violence based on gender, sexual orientation or disability.

Clinton's call for broadening federal hate crime statutes came at a White House
conference that included the announcement of new presidential initiatives to
curb the apparent rise in hate crimes in the United States:

A "make 'em pay" policy to increase fines assessed in federal housing
discrimination cases ---from an $ 11,000 cap to $ 11,000 for each act of
discrimination.

An increase in the number of federal prosecutors and FBI agents assigned to hate
crimes.

The establishment of a "national hate crimes network" to promote cooperation
between federal, state and local prosecutors in combating hate crimes.

The distribution of anti-hate crime resource guides to public schools from the
Departments of Education and Justice.

The administration gave no details about funding for any of the president's
proposals.

The White House conference on hate crimes, part of Clinton's racial healing
initiative, involved 350 people, mostly local law enforcement officials, civil
rights activists, teachers, students and prosecutors.

Clinton, in announcing his administration's stepped-up efforts to curb hate
crimes, said such offenses ''strike at the very heart of what it means to be an
American."

He endorsed new legislation by Sens. Edward Kennedy (D-Mass.) and Arlen Specter
(R-Pa.) that would give federal prosecutors new authority to prosecute hate
crimes other than those involving race, religion or ethnicity.

The conference included a panel discussion led by the president in which
citizens suggested ways to prevent hate crimes:

Peter Berendt, principal of a New York elementary school, said schools should
"take a leadership role" in diversity training for parents as well as students.
Tammie Schnitzer, whose campaign against anti-Semitic hate crimes in Billings,
Mont., was depicted in a television movie, "Not In Our Town," said "weapons of
spirit" should be used to shake communities from apathy.

Sheila Kuehl, a gay California state legislator, said new laws as "expressions
of the morality of the country" have persuasive powers of their own to
discourage hate crimes.

Samuel Billy Kyles, a Memphis minister, suggested cutting off federal funds to
schools that do not report or seek prosecution of hate crimes.

Raymond Delos Reyes, a Seattle high school sophomore, said government policies
should address the "social segregation" of students.

Arizona Attorney General Grant Woods proposed tougher sentences against "those
who would tear us apart" through the commission of hate crimes.

Sacramento, Calif., police Chief Arturo Venegas Jr. urged politicians to stop
using immigrants as "scapegoats" and as "wedge issues" in campaigns.

Outside the George Washington University student center where the conference was
held, protesters carried signs calling the president "Fag Lover."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 13, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Juvenile crime 'wave' may be just a ripple Communities make difference

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson;Gary Fields

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 675 words


Almost every discussion about crime in the past five years has
included a familiar subtext describing a coming wave of juvenile
violence fed by a growing population of wild-eyed adolescents.

That popular theory, once embraced by law enforcement officials
and criminologists, is now far less solid than it once appeared.

FBI statistics are tracking a decline in youth violence. But beyond
the numbers, anecdotal evidence also is beginning to emerge which
may suggesting a major change. At the least it may prompt a review
of earlier forecasts.


During the past three years in Tampa, for example, officials have
seen no increases in arrests of young people for violent crimes.

"This massive wave of violence people have been talking about
may not be an accurate projection," said University of South
Florida criminologist Richard Dembo, who has been monitoring youth
arrests in the Tampa area.

"The numbers are not fluctuating dramatically. The majority of
kids we see come in for property offenses."

In Boston, three years after the city set its juvenile homicide
record with 16, there hasn't been a young person slain in the
city all this year.

None of the experts can positively explain the decline, but all
believe that the changes can be attributed to a myriad of strategies:

Police departments, many of which embraced community policing
techniques, have begun to take responsibility for individual neighborhoods.

Some departments have relocated their precinct offices to local
schools, in part hoping to establish positive relationships with
young people. Mentoring programs sponsored by local corporations
are taking hold in some communities.

"We have clearly shown that the police, properly led, properly
focused, can reduce crime significantly, can change behavior,"
former New York police commissioner William Bratton said recently.

Jack Levin, director of Northeastern's Program for the Study of
Violence and Social Conflict, said there is ample evidence that
a surge in youth crime can be averted.

"I really believe there is a cultural revolution going on,"
Levin said. "It isn't any particular program or policy that works.
It's the fact that we're all addressing this issue."

Still, the rapidly growing youth population causes people like
Northeastern University professor James Fox to stop short of declaring
victory.

Census numbers indicate that the juvenile population could rise
to nearly 40 million by the year 2010, up from 27 million today.

Fox has been in the vanguard of criminologists in recent years
who have expressed great distress about a potential explosion
of juvenile violence.

Only recently, however, has he acknowledged that declines in the
numbers of young people arrested for violent crimes does portend
some long-term hope.

But few are planning victory celebrations just yet.

In San Diego, for example, police officials are watching with
caution statistics showing a 25% increase in the number of juvenile
victims of crime between January and September. Juvenile arrests
for violent crimes also are up by more than 15% for the same period.

"We're not talking about juvenile crime out of control," said
San Diego's Assistant Police Chief John Welter.

"But it's something we're going to keep our eye on in the next
few years."



Youth violent crime drops
 Violent-crime arrests per 100,000 juveniles:
           Ages       Ages
          10-14      15-17
1985      114.6       836.9
1986      111.7       871.8
1987      114.4       819.4
1988      121.7       871.0
1989      145.7     1,059.5
1990      155.2     1,264.1
1991      172.8     1,362.4
1992      187.8     1,422.0
1993      198.0     1,504.9
1994      212.2     1,555.4
1995      197.6     1,492.5
Source: National Center for Juvenile Justice

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Rick Wiking, Reuters; By the numbers: Attorney General
Janet Reno says new figures show a drop in arrests involving children 14 years
old and younger.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 JULY 17, 1996 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

MOST TEEN KILLERS FOUND IN CITIES OF 6 STATES, STUDY SAYS

BYLINE: LORI MONTGOMERY, Mercury News Washington Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Most of the homicidal teen-age "superpredators" supposedly stalking the streets
of America in fact live in just six states - a third of them in four big cities.

Despite widespread fear and calls for government action to stem a decade-long
upsurge in murders by teen-agers, 80 percent of the counties in the United
States didn't count a single homicide by a juvenile in 1994.

Those are among the findings of a national study released Tuesday that
challenges broadly held assumptions about lethal violence among America's young
people.

The study found that 30 percent of juvenile killers live in isolated
neighborhoods of Detroit, Chicago, New York and Los Angeles.

It also attacked politicians for promoting broad-brush solutions instead of
focusing on critical problems in those specific urban areas. The study found
there was no connection between the rates at which juveniles are prosecuted as
adults and a state's juvenile homicide rate.

Alternatives to jail

"The problem looks very different than one might expect, given what's being
proposed as a solution," said Eric Lotke, a research associate at the National
Center for Institutions and Alternatives and one of the report's authors. The
study's authors advocate alternatives to incarceration in dealing with juvenile
crime.

"These four cities have eight times the juvenile homicide arrest rate as the
entire rest of the nation. Even the other big cities don't nearly measure up,"
Lotke said.

Not surprising, the six states that recorded the most arrests, according to the
report - Michigan, California, Texas, New York, Florida and Illinois - are the
states with the most people.

The author of a Republican crime bill, Florida Rep. Bill McCollum, dismissed the
report as incomplete and unrealistic. By focusing on murder, he said, the report
misses an array of other violent crimes committed by children, including
aggravated assault, rape and armed robbery.

Tuesday's study was jointly produced by Lotke's group and the Center on Juvenile
and Criminal Justice, both non-profit organizations that promote alternatives to
prison. Their findings are based on federal crime statistics.

Murders by teens soar

Murders by juveniles have tripled since 1980, rising at a rate that far exceeds
arrest for any other crimes.

The report did not attempt to determine what's driving murder arrests in the
cities. They are among the nation's most populous. But while they contain 1 in
20 American juveniles, they are home to nearly 1 in 3 teen killers, according to
the report.

"It is unwise to take these four cities and somehow use them to set policy for
the entire country," said Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters, who represents parts of
Los Angeles. "We need to focus our resources where the problems are . . .
instead of trying to solve problems where there are none."

The study's findings were generally accepted by Bay Area law enforcement experts
and observers.

Lt. John Cook, who oversees the San Jose Police Department's juvenile unit, said
money spent upfront on programs designed to prevent juvenile crime would be more
effective in stopping crime than punitive measures, such as trying kids as
adults.

"I don't think there is necessarily a relationship between prose cuting
juveniles as adults and the deterrence of crime," Cook said.

San Jose statistics low

San Jose, he said, has not had high numbers of juvenile homicide arrests because
gangs aren't as prevalent as they are in other big cities.

In 1994, San Jose police said, 14 minors were arrested on suspicion of murder in
six killings; in 1995, three juvenile suspects were arrested in three slayings.
So far this year, two juvenile suspects have been picked up in two murders. An
arrest warrant has been issued for a fugitive teen who is wanted for murder,
police said.

Generally, the Bay Area's rate of arrest for juvenile homicide suspects has
increased, said Michael Rustigan, a professor who teaches at San Jose State
University's administration of justice bureau.

But, he said, the study correctly points out that the vast majority of American
communities are safe - despite a national preoccupation and fear of kids who
kill, a feeling of menace that he blames on television.

"It's important for the public to realize that juveniles in general are not
necessarily more homicid al," he said. "Unfortunately, the public is getting
their information from the evening news reports, which often unduly feature kids
who kill."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Mercury News Staff Writer Rodney Foo contributed to this report.

GRAPHIC: Map;
MAP: KNIGHT-RIDDER NEWS SERVICE
Where children are killers
Source: National Center on Institutions and Alternatives
[960717 FR 4A 1]

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 7, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

'It's a crime of opportunity,' but thieves do have preferences

BYLINE: James Harney

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 477 words


In Detroit, the target might be a Dodge Shadow; in Newark, N.J., a Dodge
Stealth; in Dallas, a Dodge pickup.

Police across the USA may not agree on the definition of carjacking, but of one
thing they're sure: any vehicle can be prey to carjackers.

''It can be anything from Ford Granadas to pickups,'' says Los Angeles Police
Detective Mel Arnold.

But in some cities, police say, thieves do have preferences.

''Here in Newark, expensive sports and luxury cars - Acuras, Lexuses, Dodge
Stealths - are very popular,'' says Sgt. Harry Schnitzer of the Essex- Union
County auto theft task force.

In Houston, carjackers like Mercedes-Benzes, Porsches and other pricey foreign
models ''because it's a sign the victim may be affluent,'' police Lt. Allen
Tharling says.

Nissans often are targets in the Washington, D.C., area. Police statistics show
nearly one in every 10 carjackings this year involved a Nissan 300ZX. The Nissan
Pathfinder sport-utility vehicle is particularly popular among area drug
dealers, police say.

But in many other places, the make and model is often no more predictable than a
carjacking itself.

Louisiana State University student Kipp Gullett was killed in Baton Rouge for
his 1987 Ford Bronco; Pamela Basu was slain in Savage, Md., for her 1990 BMW.

And in Detroit, where the term ''carjacking'' was popularized during a
summer-long wave of strong-arm vehicle robberies last year, luxury cars have
been carjacked, but so have modestly priced family sedans.

''It's a crime of opportunity, pure and simple,'' says Sgt. Christopher Buck of
the Detroit police.

Carjackings across the USA
Not all police departments keep statistics specifically on carjackings and other
stolen cars, and those that do have numbers for differing time periods.
Available counts in major U.S. cities:
- Baltimore: 75 since Jan. 1
- Chicago: 2,573 since Jan. 1
- Cleveland: 560 in the past year
- Dallas: 817 since January
- Detroit: 695, Jan. 1-Oct. 3
- Houston: 220 since Jan. 1
- New York: 926, Jan. 1-July 1
- Philadelphia: 200 since Jan. 1
- San Diego: 140, Jan. 1-Sept. 15
- Washington: 245, Jan. 1-Aug. 6

Source: FBI; local police departments

Carjackers' black market profits

Carjackers make the most money when they cut up a vehicle into sections and sell
them on the black market. Identifying numbers make engines and transmissions
difficult to sell. What some parts cost for a mid-size American car:

DOORS
New: $ 700 each
Black Market: $ 350 - $ 400 each

CAR STEREOS
New: $ 1,400
Black market: $ 500 - $ 900

AIRBAGS
New: $ 800
Black market: $ 100

FOUR TIRES WITH CUSTOM WHEEL RIMS
New: $ 800 - $ 1,000 more than regular rims
Black market: $ 800 - $ 1,000

FRONT ENDS
New: $ 6,000 (includes bumpers, door supports, fenders, hood, grille).
Black market: $ 2,500 -$ 3,000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 9, 1992

CORRECTION: An Oct. 7 carjacking chart should have said Chicago had 2,573
"robberies where a car was taken" since Jan. 1, 1991. Not all were carjackings,
and more specific numbers were not available. Correction ran 10/9/92.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; b/w, USA TODAY, Source: International Association of Auto
Theft Investigators (Diagram)

CARJACKING; See info boxes at end of text

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 24, 1989, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Rankings for violent crimes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 95 words

Cities which lead the USA in violent crimes per 100,000 population:
Rank/City              Violent crimes

per 100,000
1. Atlanta            3,575.55
2. Newark             3,049.27
3. Flint, Mich.       2,732.82
4. St. Louis          2,465.03
5. Detroit            2,374.59
6. New Haven, Conn.   2,351.32
7. Orlando, Fla.      2,291.98
8. Portland, Ore.     2,240.63
9. New York           2,217.64
10. Boston             2,084.77

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  b/w, Stand alone graphic (chart)

TYPE: Statesline

Accompanies; Crime rate across the USA

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                             June 26, 2010 Saturday

Crime drops in Vallejo from 2008, but some are skeptical

BYLINE: By Rachel Raskin-Zrihen / Times-Herald

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 759 words


Violent crime in Vallejo fell more than 9 percent last year compared to 2008, a
newly released California Department of Justice report reveals.

Local law enforcement officials are slightly skeptical of the findings, though.

Crime essentially dropped across the board statewide, justice department
spokesman Evan Westrup said Friday. Acknowledging Vallejo's unique situation,
Westrup said he could offer no insight into why violent crime dropped here
despite the depletion of the police force since the city filed for bankruptcy in
May 2008.

Vallejo has lost some 60 officers since then and is now down to 95.

Vallejo Police Chief Robert Nichelini said it's possible violent crime in the
city may just appear to be down.

"I haven't seen the report and it's a good thing that crime is down, but there
are many factors that contribute to crime," Nichelini said in a phone interview
from New York. "Socioeconomic factors, population and underreporting are among
them. I think there may be some underreporting in Vallejo, though I can't
substantiate that."

Another Vallejo Police Department employee who asked for anonymity agreed there
may be more crime in town than is being reported.

"People are frustrated. They can't get ahold of anybody (at the police
department) and they give up" on reporting crime, the employee said.

Westrup notes the report lauds local law enforcement efforts to deter crime.

"But, this is no time for complacency and we want to make sure we redouble our
efforts to keep California safe," he said.

The report, "Crime in California 2009 -- Advance Release" is compiled by the
California Department of Justice based on data reported by law enforcement
departments in all 58 of California's counties, he said.

There were 998 violent crimes -- including homicide, rape, robbery and
aggravated assault -- in Vallejo in 2009, compared to 1,100 in 2008, the report
shows. By comparison, violent crime overall fell 20 percent in Fairfield over
the same period, but rose .2 percent in Richmond.

Though the cities of Napa, Benicia and American Canyon are not listed on the
report, county breakdowns reveal violent crime dropped 31 percent in Napa County
in 2009 compared to 2008. The largest drop was in aggravated assaults, which
fell 38 percent, though robberies rose more than 31 percent in that period.

Solano County saw a more than 12 percent overall decline in violent crime last
year compared to the year before, according to the report. Only burglaries rose
-- by 6.5 percent. Nearly everything else made double-digit declines, the report
shows.

This is the third consecutive year of falling violent crime rates statewide,
according to a justice department statement.

California recorded a 6.6 percent reduction in violent crime in 2009, and its
five largest counties -- Los Angeles, San Diego, Orange, Riverside and San
Bernardino -- all saw significant crime rate declines, the report revealed.

The statewide 2009 figures show crime rates have dropped in every category of
offense measured. Homicides and robberies, for instance, fell nearly 9 percent.
Motor vehicle theft and arson dropped even more significantly -- 15.8 percent
and 14.3 percent, respectively.

Statewide, nearly 20,000 fewer violent crimes were committed in 2009 than in
2006, the justice department statement noted. More than 1.4 million arrests were
made statewide in 2009, down from more than 1.9 million 20 years ago, the
statement says.

Contact staff writer Rachel Raskin-Zrihen at (707) 553-6824 or rzrihen@
timesheraldonline.com.

At a glance

A new report says violent crime -- homicide, rape, robbery and aggravated
assault -- was down in Vallejo in 2009 compared to the year before. The recently
released statistics reveal:

* There were 998 violent crimes in Vallejo in 2009 compared to 1,100 the
previous year.

* There were 10 homicides in 2009, compared to 13 in 2008.

* Forcible rapes were up slightly --42 last year compared to 34 in 2008.

* Robberies were about the same -- 439 in 2009 compared to 435 the previous
year.

* Aggravated assaults were down 18 percent, with 507 last year compared to 618
in 2008.

* Property crimes were up 2 percent in Vallejo, with the largest increase being
a 9.4 percent rise in burglaries. There were 2,358 burglaries in 2009 and 2,155
the previous year.

* Motor vehicle thefts were down to 1,266 last year from 1,386 the year before
-- a nearly 9 percent drop.

* Arsons in the city were down more than 14 percent, going from 56 in 2008 to 48
last year.

-- Source: California Department of Justice's "Crime in California 2009 --
Advance Release."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 7, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
Study Doubts Success Of 'Three Strikes' Laws

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 148 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 6


Laws requiring long sentences for three-time violent offenders have had no
apparent success in reducing crime, a group that studies the justice system said
today.

From 1994 to 1995, both violent and overall crime rates dropped more in the 37
states without such three-strike laws than in the 13 that had them, said the
group, the Justice Policy Institute.

Violent crime fell 4.6 percent in states without the laws, while it fell 1.7
percent with them, the group said. For overall crime, the decline was 1.2
percent for states without the mandatory sentencing provisions and 0.4 percent
for those with them.

The 13 states that had three-strike laws in 1994 were California, Colorado,
Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana, Louisiana, Maryland, New Mexico, North Carolina,
Tennessee, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. Of those, eight saw increases in
violent crimes in 1994-1995.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 13, 1989, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Alphonse Persico, 61, Is Dead; Leader of Colombo Crime Family

SECTION: Section B; Page 8, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 282 words


Alphonse (Allie Boy) Persico, an organized-crime leader who was serving a
25-year Federal sentence, died of cancer of the larynx yesterday at the medical
center for Federal prisoners in Springfield, Mo. He was 61 years old.

Mr. Persico was identified by the authorities as an underboss of the Joseph
Colombo crime family, one of the largest in the Mafia. He was convicted of
extortion in 1980 but went into hiding before sentencing and was not apprehended
for seven years. He began serving his term in November 1987 at the Federal
Correctional Facility in Lompoc, Calif.

Mr. Persico was born in New York. He was in trouble with the law from an early
age but it was not until he was in his 40's that he came to prominence in the
Colombo family. When his brother, Carmine, who is called Junior by his
associates and sometimes referred to as the Snake, went to prison in the 1970's,
Alphonse Persico became acting head of the Colombo family.

Disappeared Before Sentencing

In June 1980, shortly before he was to appear before Judge Jack B. Weinstein of
Federal District Court in Brooklyn for a pre-sentencing hearing on his extortion
conviction, Mr. Persico disappeared. It was not until Nov. 9, 1987 that Federal
marshals, following a trail of false identities and aliases, traced Mr. Persico
to an apartment in West Hartford, Conn., where he was taken into custody without
a struggle.

When he was returned to Brooklyn, he was given a 25-year sentence by Judge
Thomas C. Platt of Federal District Court.

Mr. Persico is survived by his wife, Dora, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; a daughter,
Suzanne Farese, also of Fort Lauderdale, and two brothers, Theodore, of
Brooklyn, and Carmine.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Alphonse Persico (AP)

TYPE: Obituary

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 1, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE NATION'S PRISONS
1,000 NEW INMATES A WEEK JAM TOO FEW CELLS;
Disparate Views On Effective Solutions

SECTION: Section 4; Page 5, Column 4; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 843 words



FLOOD OF CONVICTS

Prisons are probably the most serious problem we have, outside the budget. I
compare it with a dam used to control flooding. The downstream folks are
protected, but then, through development, more water is coming in upstream and
overflowing the dam and flooding the people downstream. . . .

The prison system for many years was serving its function by becoming a
deterrent to crime, but now it's like that dam where the flow is just going over
the top. It can't work if the system is so overcrowded that the Board of Pardons
and Paroles has to keep releasing people early. We've already seen the results
from that. Dallas, San Antonio and Houston rank first, third and fifth in crime
rates among the 10 largest cities.

J.E. (BUSTER) BROWN
Texas State Senator

'KNEE-JERK REACTION'

The sad fact is that we can't build our way out of these problems. We have to
provide other systemic means of dealing with offenders - other alternatives to
prison like intensive [closely supervised] probation or intensive parole. There
are other kinds of community corrections like restitution or work release. . . .
The philosophy in this country is when in doubt, put them away. . . . It's a
knee-jerk reaction that's entirely different from the Scandinavian countries.
Here, when the judge finds a person guilty, the first thing we think about is
prison. In Scandinavia it's the last thing.

ED KOREN
Staff lawyer with the National Prison Project of the American Civil Liberties
Union

PUBLIC'S PERSPECTIVE

People in corrections are probably more interested in alternatives. They have a
professional interest, and in many cases they have crowded prisons and jails.
The public has its own perspective on criminals, and it says to lock them up.
The public doesn't believe anything short of a cell is meaningful. Until the
public is convinced that something besides jail is meaningful there's not going
to be strong support for alternatives. . . .

We have advocated work camps for street-level drug dealers, and I think the
public will accept that if they include hard labor, drill-sergeant and
educational approaches, and if the punishment is swift and certain. . . .

I don't think the public minds paying for prisons. People don't buy the idea
that prison makes for more crime, not less. There's a certain period in people's
lives from the late teens to the mid 20s when the crime rate is the highest, and
if you get those people off the street they're not going to be committing
crimes. . . .

In the final analysis the public can figure out what's good for them, and they
figure that if a guy mugs them or rapes them or breaks into their home, he
should be locked up.

THOMAS REPPETTO
President of the Citizens Crime Commission of New York City

'LIKE CAGED ANIMALS'

Prisons today are becoming criminogenic - you put people in them and they become
more criminal. And that will spell problems for society. You have to remember
that 90 percent of these inmates will eventually come back into society and that
degree of hostility and venomous hate will be back on the street. . . . Some of
the new prisons aren't even safe places. I've visited some and met the
prisoners. They are just like caged animals trying to find the one crack in the
system.

ALLEN F. BREED
Board chairman of the National Council on Crime and Delinquency

OVER CAPACITY

Generally, prisons require reserve capacity in order to operate efficiently.
Confinement units need to be maintained and repaired periodically, housing space
is needed to accommodate protective custody and disciplinary cases, and space
may be needed to cope with emergencies. . . . Overall, state prisons are
estimated to be operating at approximately 105 percent of their highest reported
capacities and at 119 percent of their lowest capacities.

BUREAU OF JUSTICE STATISTICS BULLETIN
June 1986

NO SIMPLE ANSWERS

This is not the kind of problem even the best- intentioned people with unlimited
resources could ever expect to solve. . . .

I don't find any simplistic answers, but if there are any at all they have to do
with establishing a healthy living environment for children and adolescents
beginning in the home and in the public schools and the community where there is
a good self-image and a concern for others and avoiding this anomie, this ''I'll
do my thing, let everyone else do theirs,'' this self-serving kind of society we
have developed.

You just have to turn on your television and see the violence and filth and
selfishness and glamorizing of drugs and violence. Then people wonder that their
children can be influenced by this. To me it has become an idiocy. . . .  We
have all these terribly damaged persons, psychopathic personalities, people with
problems with drugs and alcohol, and then people think they can send them to
prison and change them for the better. That's stupidity. Absolute stupidity.

AMOS E. REED
Retired Secretary of the Department of Corrections for the state of Washington

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of inmate (Magnum/Charles Gatewood)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 15, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

NEWSPAPER DEFIES COURT ON CRIME SYNDICATE DATA

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 579 words

DATELINE: PROVIDENCE, R.I., Nov. 14


The Providence Journal, citing freedom of the press, defied a judge's order
today and published Government documents based on illegally taped conversations
between a reputed leader of organized crime and his father.

John F. Cicilline, an attorney for the reputed crime leader, Raymond J.
Patriarca, said in a motion filed late today that the newspaper acted with
''malice'' and ''deliberate indifference to court procedure.'' He asked Federal
District Judge Francis J. Boyle to cite the newspaper and its executive editor
for contempt.

Judge Boyle has scheduled a hearing Friday on extending the order.

An attorney for The Journal would not comment. The newspaper published the
front-page article today, the day after Judge Boyle issued a temporary
restraining order prohibiting The Journal and WJAR, a Providence television
station, from reporting on portions of the documents.

Invasion of Privacy Charged

Mr. Cicilline had argued in court papers that the information should be withheld
because it was an invasion of his client's privacy.

The documents are based on a wiretap illegally placed by agents of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation in the office of Mr. Patriarca's father, Raymond L. S.
Patriarca, from March 1962 to July 1965.

The F.B.I. has said the elder Mr. Patriarca, who died on July 11, 1984, at the
age of 76, was a longtime leader of organized crime in Rhode Island and parts of
Maine, Massachusetts and Connecticut. The Justice Department says the younger
Mr. Patriarca, now 40 years old, succeeded his father as head of the New England
crime syndicate.

The Journal said it had not planned to publish the documents today but had made
the decision specifically to challenge Judge Boyle's ruling.

''Our lawyers have assured us that Judge Boyle has acted unconstitutionally,''
Charles McC. Hauser, the executive editor, said in a statement. ''However, the
decision to publish is solely an editorial judgement.''

'Family Background' Blamed

In taped conversations between father and son, the elder Mr. Patriarca appeared
to be frustrated by his son's failure in college and worried about the women he
chose to associate with, according to The Journal's report. He also urged his
son, who was 17 when the tapes were first made, to avoid amassing a long
criminal record.

The father blamed the ''family background'' for his son's rejection by Dartmouth
College, Boston College and Boston University, the report said, but acknowledged
that ''his boy flunked the College Board entrance exams.''

The Journal and its sister paper, The Evening Bulletin, with a combined daily
circulation of more than 220,000, tried for years to obtain the documents, which
were never used in a criminal case because the bugging device had been placed
illegally.

In 1979, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit ruled that the
documents should remain sealed to protect the privacy of the elder Mr.
Patriarca.

News organizations asked for the documents under the Freedom of Information Act
after the elder Mr. Patriarca died, and the F.B.I. recently released some of the
documents with the names of people who are alive blacked out. However, the name
of the younger Mr. Patriarca was not blacked out in some instances.

The Journal, in violating Judge Boyle's order, cited First Amendment guarantees
of freedom of the press and a Supreme Court ruling prohibiting the Government in
most cases from restraining newspapers from publishing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 14, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CAN CRIME BE CURBED? THE IDEAS OF 3 EXPERTS

BYLINE: By ROBIN TONER

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 27, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 556 words


If the United States wants to deter crime, rather than simply react to it, the
neighborhood is the place to start, according to the head of the Eisenhower
Foundation.

The foundation's president, Dr. Lynn Curtis, is taking that message around the
country, trying to encourage debate on a new Eisenhower Foundation report on
crime.

Last week, he argued his case during a panel discussion in Manhattan sponsored
by the Citizens Crime Commission, a watchdog group formed in 1979 by a group of
prominent businessmen.

Joining him on the panel were Dr. Thomas Reppetto, the president of the Crime
Commission, and Police Commissioner Benjamin Ward.

The starting point for the debate, held at the Chemical Bank building on Water
Street, was ''American Violence and Public Policy,'' the title of the Eisenhower
Foundation study issued earlier this year.

The study was intended to update the 1969 report by the National Commission on
the Causes and Prevention of Violence. The commission, created by President
Johnson, was headed by Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower.

Advancing one of the study's chief conclusions, Dr. Curtis argued that spending
more money to improve the criminal-justice system was important but would not
address the root causes of crime.

For long-range deterrence of inner-city crime, he said, policy makers need to
look at community organizations like House of Umoja in Philadelphia, which gives
young gang members both jobs and the support of an extended family.

Such programs, he argued, are far more effective than prisons at turning young
offenders around.

But Dr. Reppetto said many Americans would have a difficult time accepting
another call for social programs in the name of crime reduction. ''Many people,
rightly or wrongly, say, 'Criminals are going to be rewarded for their conduct,'
'' he said.

Moreover, Dr. Reppetto added, he disagrees with the notion that the
criminal-justice system is ineffective at deterring crime.

That misunderstanding, he said, arises from a ''major policy error'' after World
War II - moving officers from their beats into cars for greater efficiency.

Officer as Crime Fighter

''In this role, the officer was seen as a crime fighter, not an arbiter or
peacekeeper, and in theory, this made sense,'' Dr. Reppetto said. ''But in
practice, it allowed disorder to grow in the streets of American cities, and the
police lost contact with the public, particularly young people.''

Another example of the criminal-justice system's deterrence ability, Dr.
Reppetto said, is the recent effort to concentrate on ''career criminals.''
Tougher treatment for those offenders, he said, can be linked with a reduction
in crime.

Commissioner Ward said he agreed that neighborhoods had an important role in
crime prevention. He cited Operation Pressure Point, a police campaign against
crime on the Lower East Side, as an example. Crime rates are down, church
attendance is up and residents are returning to the parks and streets in the
area, he said.

But to insure the lasting success of the effort, he said, officers are trying to
increase neighborhood involvement in crime prevention and reduction.

The foundation, named for Dr. Eisenhower, who died this year, was formed in 1981
by several people associated with the Johnson Administration's crime panel to
carry forward its work.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 20, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

PANEL TO STUDY VIOLENCE IN FAMILY ANNOUNCED BY REAGAN AND SMITH

BYLINE: By LESLIE MAITLAND WERNER

SECTION: Section A; Page 27, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 19


Attorney General William French Smith today announced the formation of a task
force on family violence to study such problems as spouse and child abuse and
mistreatment of the elderly.

In describing the area the new group would study, Mr. Smith said family violence
was ''a serious and complex crime problem'' that ''has not received the
attention it has deserved.''

''The incalculable costs of these crimes in physical and emotional suffering,
ruined lives and future crimes, are intolerable in our civilized society,'' Mr.
Smith said. ''Yet, this problem has for too long been viewed as a private matter
best resolved by the parties themselves.''

The new group is expected to hold hearings across the country and to submit a
report in six months. The nine- member group will be led by William Hart,
Detroit's chief of police.

Latest of Several Groups

This is the newest of several study groups formed by the Justice Department in
the Reagan Administration. Two earlier groups focused on violent crime and the
needs of victims of crime, and the President recently formed a commission on
organized crime and drugs.

Mr. Reagan, who also announced the new group today in a Rose Garden ceremony for
executive women in government, said it would study ''the darker side to family
life in America, the problem of family violence.''

At a news conference at the Justice Department, Assistant Attorney General Lois
Haight Herrington, head of the Office of Justice Assistance, Research and
Statistics, said the formation of the new group should not be viewed as
politically motivated. Mrs. Herrington's office is providing staff for the group
and a budget of up to $200,000.

Other Members Listed

Mr. Smith announced that in addition to Chief Hart, who also served on the
violent crime committee, these would be the members of the new group:

John Ashcroft, Attorney General of Missouri.

Ann Burgess, associate director for nursing research at Boston City Hospital.

Newman Flanagan, District Attorney of Suffolk County, Mass.

Ursula Meese, a delegate to the United Nations Commission on the Status of
Women.

Catherine Milton of Palo Alto, Calif., an assistant to the president of Stanford
University.

Clyde Narramore, a licensed psychologist and marriage counselor in Los Angeles.

Reuben Ortega, chief of police in Phoenix.

Frances Seward of Jamaica, Queens, safety director of the Jamaica Services
Program for Older Adults.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 5, 2007 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CRIME SEEMS TO WITHER IN CITY'S PARKS

BYLINE: BY ALISON GENDAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 159 words


CRIME IN many of the city's largest parks plunged 75% in the first three months
of the year compared to the final three months of 2006, police said yesterday.

The crime data do not include Central Park, which is its own police precinct.
But NYPD officials said crime was down 39% in the famed park so far this year.

Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in Queens has seen the most significant decrease,
with only one crime reported as of April 1, compared with 21 during last year's
final quarter.

Half of the 14 crimes reported in city parks through March were grand larcenies.
Two were assaults, two were burglaries and three were robberies, police said.

Riverside Park on Manhattan's West Side was the only large park to see a crime
increase. Five crimes had been reported through March, compared with two during
the final quarter of last year, police said.

The statistics were released as part of a periodic review the NYPD is required
to provide to the City Council.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 1, 2007 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Hate crime numbers can be misleading;
Different municipalities have different criteria.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 421 words


Data lies at the heart of sound decision-making, but incomplete and misread
statistics can lead to false impressions. Recent FBI data showed St. Cloud
leading all Minnesota cities in the number of hate crimes reported in 2006. But
that data says more about attitudes toward hate crime in Minnesota's other large
cities than it does about St. Cloud.

The FBI's annual report on hate crimes compiles data reported by individual law
enforcement agencies. If a hate crime occurs and an agency doesn't report it, as
far as the FBI is concerned, it didn't happen. Of Minnesota's five largest
cities, only Rochester reported hate crimes for all four quarters in 2006, while
St. Paul filed a report for just one quarter and Minneapolis, Duluth and
Bloomington failed to report at all last year.

In previous years, Minneapolis and Bloomington have done a better job of
reporting, with Minneapolis accounting for just over one-sixth of all the hate
crimes in the state during 2004 and 2005. Duluth, on the other hand, hasn't
reported a hate crime since 2003, putting that city in the same category as the
state of Mississippi.

Minnesota long ago shed its relatively homogenous culture, becoming more
culturally, ethnically and racially diverse. It would not be surprising for
incidences of hate crimes to arise out of the fear and misunderstanding that may
occur from such a shift. It would be myopic to think that Minnesotans are
somehow immune to the passions and discomforts that have led others to strike
out. Failing to compile data on hate crimes sweeps the issue under the rug.

The issue of compiling crime data is not merely an exercise in academics; it has
real impact on public policy. When the Justice Department earlier this year was
chided for a sharp decline in the prosecution of hate crimes, the department
cited FBI data that showed that the number of hate crimes reported had declined
11 percent from 1997 to 2005, the most recent data at the time. But hate crime
reporting is notoriously uneven, dependent on the whims of the reporting
agencies. Had the Justice Department chosen to compare 1997 to 2003, for
example, it would have found a 21 percent increase. That difference arose in
part because states such as Alabama, Arkansas and Mississippi, which reported no
hate crimes in 1997, reported a combined 221 in 2003.

St. Cloud should be commended for collecting the data necessary to assess a
complex and difficult issue, and residents in the state's other cities should be
asking why their agencies are not doing the same.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                              June 18, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Portland's rate near middle of pack;
The crime rate reflects the city's status as the most densely urban environment
in the state.

BYLINE: DAVID HENCH Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1247 words


Maine is renowned for having one of the lowest crime rates in the country, but
the state's largest city does not enjoy a similar distinction.

Portland's crime rate is in the middle of the pack for small cities and higher
than the overall national average, according to FBI statistics. Its crime rate
of 50.49 crimes per 1,000 people reflects its role as the biggest city in the
state, with a relatively dense urban environment and problematic drug crime.

The results show how geography and population density coupled with economic
factors can have a greater bearing on a community's crime problem than policing
strategies.

''The police department plays a very direct role and can definitely affect crime
in a community. What they can't do is they can't do it by themselves,'' Portland
Police Chief Tim Burton said. ''No police department has the ability to control
all of those factors that influence what happens in terms of criminal
activity.''

Some small cities do enjoy low crime rates.

Communities as different as Rio Rancho, N.M. - a fast-growing bedroom community
- and Bayonne, N.J. - a middle-class New York City suburb - have half the crime
Portland does and among the lowest crime rates of U.S. cities of similar size.

Conversely, the rust-belt city of Springfield, Ohio, and cash-strapped North
Little Rock, Ark., have twice the crime Portland does.

The FBI, which compiles crime statistics from across the country, cautions
against comparing community crime rates to gauge community safety or police
effectiveness without factoring in the unique challenges and advantages that
apply to a given area. Even so, crime statistics can be powerful tools to help
the public understand what influences crime, develop expectations for public
safety and assign resources to achieve it.

''You know what crime factors are affecting your community; therefore, you can
go to your community leaders and demand action be taken if there's a particular
problem,'' said Bill Carter, an FBI spokesman. ''If crime is down, you know your
police department is doing a good job.''

Portland experienced 3,237 of what the FBI considers serious crimes - violent
crimes, burglaries and major thefts - in 2005, according to the Portland Police
Department's annual report. It ranked 11th in a sampling of 25 communities of
similar size, those with 60,000 to 80,000 people, according to the report.

Complete statistics for 2006 are unavailable, but the FBI says violent crime
rose 2 percent and property crime dropped 2.8 percent in small cities, compared
with the previous year.

As in other communities, Portland's crime is affected by the city's
demographics, its location and the forces drawing people to the community.

Although small by most states' standards, Portland is Maine's largest city. Its
64,000 citizens represent diverse economic and educational backgrounds.

The city draws people from throughout the state and region for jobs and
services, and its social-service network is the most extensive in the state. It
also is a refugee resettlement location, having received immigrants from Africa,
the Balkans and Southeast Asia.

The daytime population swells and the Old Port entertainment district draws
revelers from throughout southern Maine.

The city also represents a market for homegrown and out-of-town drug dealers,
which has an increasingly significant effect on crime.

''Based on experience, we tend to think somewhere between 80 and 90 percent of
all property crime in Portland has a drug connection,'' said Deputy Chief
William Ridge, head of investigations. ''It drives theft, motor vehicle
burglaries, burglaries and robberies.''

Portland's crime rate in 2005 was 50.49 crimes per 1,000 residents, compared
with a statewide crime rate of 25.36 and a national average of 40.04. Lewiston's
crime rate was 37.36 and Bangor's was 51.52.

Two thousand miles away, Rio Rancho has among the lowest small-city crime rates
in the country at 25.47.

The residential outpost has grown up in recent years midway between the cities
of Albuquerque and Santa Fe, but far enough away that it gets little spillover
crime. The city's white-collar commuters exhibit little of the economic and
educational diversity of more traditional cities.

Police Chief Robert Boone said a key to the department's success is stringent
traffic enforcement, which helps control crime and foster good relations with
neighborhood groups, he said.

Bayonne is a peninsula on the southern edge of New York City with an industrial
heritage, but it has become more a commuter and service community. It had one of
the lowest small-city crime rates in 2005 and dropped even lower in 2006. The
average home price exceeds $350,000, twice what it was in 2000.

Under-reporting of crime is a serious problem, said Tim Wadsworth, a University
of New Mexico criminologist.

''When we're looking at homicide statistics, they're the most reliable because
there's a dead body,'' he said. ''It's very different if you look at things like
larceny, assault, rape and even burglaries, crimes where there may be no real
motivation for the victim to report it, and there may be motivations for the
victim not to report it.''

Capt. Leonard Montgomery, of the North Little Rock Police Department, said his
city's relatively new Hispanic community has a historic distrust of police in
Mexico and those who live there may be in this country illegally. The result is
relatively little cooperation with police, he said.

Driving up the city's crime rate is the proximity to Little Rock, with 185,000
people and a crime rate of more than 105 crimes per 1,000 residents.

The city also has been battling growth of the use of highly addictive
methamphetamines. A court order limiting how many people can be housed by the
county jail means many defendants, including burglars and drug dealers, are
released with a summons to appear in court, Montgomery said.

Springfield, Ohio, historically was a manufacturing economy, but several plants
have closed and the population has declined, police Lt. John Davey said.

''When I first came on in 1980, most of our arrests would be disorderly
conduct,'' Davey said. ''Now domestic violence is our No. 1 arrest as far as a
criminal charge.'' The city has an average of 19 domestic violence calls each
day, he said.

The city has overcome gang violence and has been spared the worst of the
methamphetamine problems, Davey said, and he thinks the department's effort to
connect with neighborhood groups is paying off.

Portland has a reputation for employing innovative strategies for fighting and
preventing crime. It has neighborhood policing centers with civilian
coordinators, and its crisis-intervention teams are credited with defusing
confrontations with mentally ill people.

The department has implemented a new strategy - ''directed patrol'' teams. Team
officers are assigned to geographical beats with the goal of knowing about and
being responsible for crime trends in those neighborhoods.

''It's a fundamental shift from a reactive mode of police responding to events
after the fact to a more pro-active neighborhood response,'' said Deputy Chief
Joseph Loughlin, head of operations.

Increasing the involvement of officers could lead to an increase in reported
crime.

''We expose it to the light of day and the numbers go up,'' Burton said.

''That increase is a sign of effectiveness. We've turned the rock over, and
we've found what's underneath the rock.''


Staff Writer David Hench can be contacted at 791-6327 or at:

dhench@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Patriquin/Staff Photographer
Portland Police Officer Andjelko Napijalo checks out a crack pipe while Officer
Josiah Keefer searches a car while on patrol Friday. The driver was arrested in
Portland on outstanding warrants and for driving with a suspended license, and
drug paraphernalia was found in her borrowed car.
John Patriquin/Staff Photographer
Portland police Officer Andjelko Napijalo patrols Portland last week. Police are
assigned to regular geographical beats so they can better know crime trends in
that specific area.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             April 15, 2007 Sunday

More immigration, less crime?

BYLINE: By Domenico Maceri

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 665 words


`WHAT part of illegal don't you understand?" wrote a reader from Florida,
commenting on one of my articles on immigration. The reader misunderstood my
writing as supporting illegal actions and tried to correct me by saying that
"illegal Mexicans are invading the U.S. and cause crimes, sell drugs, etc." The
reader's point of view is not unusual from that of the average American in so
far as the link between crime and immigration. But is it really true that
immigrants are causing crime to rise in the U.S.?

No, seems to be the answer of a number of scholars who have studied the issue in
several major American cities. Ramiro Martinez, a professor of criminology at
Florida International University, for instance, has analyzed homicide data in
border cities such as El Paso, Texas and San Diego. These are areas with large
numbers of residents of Mexican ancestry and immigrants. He found that homicide
rates among Mexican residents of these cities are lower than those of other
ethnic groups, including whites. Martinez has noted the same pattern in Haitian
immigrant communities in the Miami area.

Andrew Karmen, another criminologist, studied the subject in New York City and
discovered that young and poor immigrants between 1980 and 1990 had a positive
influence in lowering crime in their neighborhoods. Chicago, another large city,
has been the subject of study of Robert Sampson of Harvard University. Sampson
found that the number of violent criminal acts among Mexican-Americans is much
lower than that of other ethnic groups including whites.

When you think of crime, you immediately think of lower class neighborhoods and
poverty. Yet, in spite of their poverty, immigrants do not necessarily engage in
more crime than the average American. Of course, in poor neighborhoods the
disorder, broken windows, garbage on the ground may give the impression of
crimes. But that is not true, according to Sampson, since burglaries in
immigrant neighborhoods in Chicago are very low.

Not everyone agrees with this idea that the increase of immigration, legal and
not, reduces the crime rate.

Wesley Skogan, a professor at Northwestern University in Chicago, says that the
decrease in crimes has occurred not in immigrant neighborhoods but in areas
where "community policing" has been the strongest. This technique pushes law
enforcement officers and community members to cooperate. In essence, residents
become the eyes and ears of the police, allowing officers to act before crime
occurs.

Skogan says that in fact the crime rate has gone up in immigrant neighborhoods
but that official data masks its true numbers. Immigrants, especially illegal
ones, tend to stay away from police and do not report crimes for fear of being
deported.

Crime in the U.S. is in general going down and that is - according to many
experts - due to community policing. But even if that is true, it offers little
reassurance to citizens who are easily influenced by TV images and newspapers
headlines. The crime committed by an immigrant is magnified particularly if it's
done by an illegal immigrant who has already broken the law of entering the
country illegally.

In spite of diverging opinions from scholars, it makes sense that in immigrant
neighborhoods the family has a strong influence, stronger than for the average
American. Immigrants depend a lot more on other members of their families than
social structures, which are difficult for them to penetrate because of language
and cultural problems but also because authorities are mistrusted.

It's strange that one of the criticisms that is often thrown at immigrants is
their slow assimilation into American culture. It happens though that crime
rises with second and third generation residents. Apparently, immigrants manage
to put up with treatment that their kids and grandkids find intolerable and thus
react in ways that their ancestors would never dare.

dmaceri@gmail.com

Domenico Maceri teaches foreign languages at Allan Hancock College in Santa
Maria.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                          September 21, 2006 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Less worms in Big Apple

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 114  words


NEW YORK: New York remained the safest of the 10 largest US cities in 2005, with
about one crime reported for every 37 people, FBI figures showed.

The largest city with the highest crime rate was Dallas, with a crime for every
12 people. Los Angeles, the nation's

second-largest city, ranked third with a crime for every 26 people.

San Jose, California, took the number two spot, while San Diego ranked fourth.

The number of reported crimes in New York fell 4.3 per cent last year, while the
number nationwide had dropped by 1.2 per cent.

Figures showed violent crime -- rape, murder and assault -- rose 2.3 per cent,
the first rise since 2001, but in New York City they fell 1.9 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           January 28, 2006 Saturday

Katrina evacuees arrested in Houston gang killings

BYLINE: STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: METRO/STATE; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 290 words


HOUSTON -- Eight members of rival New Orleans gangs who have moved to Houston
since Hurricane Katrina have been arrested in connection with the slayings of 11
fellow evacuees and other violent crimes, police said Friday.

An Austin police spokeswoman said Friday that the department does not keep
statistics on evacuees and violent crime.

Investigators with the newly formed Houston Police Gang Murder Squad said they
are still looking for three suspects. All of those killed were gang members or
had some connection to the groups. Violent crimes attributed to these gangs also
have been committed against Houston residents, police spokesman Alvin Wright
said.

"The safety of the city of Houston, its citizens and as well as some of the
evacuees depends on us arresting these individuals as soon as possible," Police
Chief Harold Hurtt said.

The Houston-area crime rate spiked sharply in the last few months of 2005, and
police officials have attributed some of that to Katrina evacuees.

The 11 suspects are also accused of aggravated robbery, kidnapping and other
crimes.

"These are rivalries that have been going on for a number of years," Wright
said.

The Texas Department of Public Safety has not tracked whether the influx of
thousands of evacuees has had any impact on crime, officials said.

Kathy Walt, a spokeswoman for Gov. Rick Perry, said Friday that the effort to
combat crime from evacuees falls primarily on local authorities.

"If there are crimes being committed in individual communities, it would be
handled the same way they would handle someone who has been in Texas all their
lives," she said.

"The vast, vast majority of Louisiana and Mississippi residents who came to
Texas . . . are law-abiding residents," Walt said.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Austin American Statesman


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 25, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Crime Declines, But Union And Mayor Spar Over Data

BYLINE: By WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM

SECTION: Section B; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 478 words


The decline of overall serious crime in New York City outpaced the crime rate in
the nation as a whole in 2003, according to a Police Department analysis of
F.B.I. statistics, prompting Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg yesterday to renew his
boast that New York is the safest large city in the country.

Mr. Bloomberg, flanked by Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly, said the city's
crime decline, as recorded by the F.B.I., put New York close to the bottom of
the list of cities across the country with more than 100,000 inhabitants --
211th of 230, dropping eight positions below its position in 2002. Among the
cities with a population of more than one million, the city ranks 24th out of
25.

''That means there's only 19 cities in the entire country of 100,000 population
or more than have fewer crimes per capita,'' he said. ''We are now between Port
St. Lucie, Fla., and Fremont, Calif., two great metropolises who also enjoy low
crime, and we wish them all the best.''

The F.B.I. data, released on Sunday, is based on uniform crime reports provided
by police departments around the country. The New York City Police Department
compared the F.B.I. figures for New York with other cities' to produce the
ranking, a police official said.

Overall felony crime -- murder, rape, robbery, assault, grand larceny, auto
theft and burglary -- dropped 5.8 percent, nearly a dozen times the national
average drop of 0.5 percent for all cities, Mr. Bloomberg said, despite a
smaller force and the department's new counterterrorism responsibilities.

The reported crime declines in New York City represent 25.7 percent of the
national decrease for 2003, and since 2001, the city's crime decline has
accounted for 49.6 percent of the national decrease, Mr. Bloomberg said.

Mr. Kelly credited the work of rank-and-file officers and Operation Impact, a
department program that floods small problem areas with Police Academy recruits
accompanied by more experienced officers.

The police union, the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, has charged that
precinct commanders feel such intense pressure to drive down crime that they
''cook the books,'' reducing the severity of crimes on paper to avoid recording
them among the seven index crimes reported to the F.B.I.

A union spokesman, Albert O'Leary, said yesterday that the average police
precinct had declined by 70 officers in recent years, increasing the pressure on
commanders. The department's overall head count has declined by more than 4,000
officers since its peak in October 2000.

Mr. Bloomberg bristled at a reporter's question about the union's accusations.

''Let's get serious, it's an insult to the people in this city,'' Mr. Bloomberg
said, adding, ''These are F.B.I. numbers; do you really think someone is going
to falsify these numbers?'' He added that the department's statistics are
audited.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      April 2, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Study: Untested DNA allows crime

BYLINE: Richard Willing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 607 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- At least 150 rapes, murders and other crimes since 1993 could have
been prevented if states took DNA samples from burglars and other non-violent
criminals before they moved on to more serious crimes, a new Justice Department
study says.

The study, given to members of Congress on Thursday, also found that local
police and crime labs have evidence from more than 540,000 unsolved crimes --
including 52,000 homicides and 169,000 rapes -- that has not been subjected to
DNA or other tests that could help identify suspects. Local agencies often do
not perform tests, the study found, because of personnel and funding shortages
and a lack of understanding about DNA technology.

The report was done for the Justice Department by Washington State University
and a Tacoma, Wash., law firm that represents a DNA equipment manufacturer. It
outraged women's and victims' rights groups, which called on Congress to pass a
proposal to increase spending on DNA tests and expand the reach of the nation's
DNA database.


DNA, a cellular acid that carries an individual's unique genetic code, can be
used to solve crimes such as rape and murder in which biological evidence is
left at the crime scene. Since 1992, the FBI has kept a database that matches
DNA taken from convicted criminals with DNA from the scenes of unsolved crimes.
As of last month, the system had about 1.7 million DNA profiles and had scored
about 11,800 matches.

But the system relies on states to collect DNA from criminals and suspects, and
the rules for collecting DNA vary among the states. When the study was done last
year, 31 states took DNA from all felons, while 19 took samples only from those
convicted of violent crimes.

Massachusetts was one of the 19. In late 1997 and early 1998, four Springfield,
Mass., women were found raped and killed in their homes or in nearby alleys. A
DNA sample provided voluntarily by a suspect in the case linked him to all four
slayings. The suspect had felony convictions in 1996 for breaking and entering
and larceny. He was sentenced to community supervision.

If Massachusetts had required him to give a DNA sample after either of the 1996
convictions, the report said, "a DNA match could have been obtained after the
first rape/murder, thereby preventing the subsequent three."

The study found similar cases in the other 18 states that did not take DNA from
all felons. Since the study was completed, one of those states, West Virginia,
has passed a law that requires anyone convicted of a felony to provide a DNA
sample.

Barry Steinhardt, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union in New York
City, warned against a "headlong rush" into drawing DNA from all felons. "We
know that expanding the reach of the (DNA) databases increases the number of
crimes solved, but at what cost, both financial and to our liberty?" said
Steinhardt, who specializes in privacy law. "Sooner or later somebody is going
to test (DNA) for a purpose other than what it is there for."



Thousands of cases

A study done for the Justice Department says local law enforcement agencies
routinely do not order DNA tests on evidence from rapes, murders and other
crimes because of personnel and funding shortages and a lack of understanding of
the technology. When evidence is submitted, state and local crime labs often do
not do DNA tests quickly, the report says. Untested evidence was found in:

* 52,000 homicide cases.

* 169,000 rape cases.

* 264,000 cases involving property crimes.

Source: Smith Alling Lane law firm and Washington State University for the
National Institute of Justice

LOAD-DATE: April 02, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 5, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

GOP plans to 'fix' crime bill

BYLINE: Judi Hasson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 547 words


The new Republican majority in Congress intends to crack down harder on crime
this year - and they have the votes to do it.

Following the crime proposal in the House GOP's Contract with America,
Republicans intend to introduce bills to "fix" controversial anti-crime
legislation passed this year by a Democrat-led Congress and signed by President
Clinton.

Among the targets: limiting appeals by death row inmates, imposing tougher
sentences for violent criminals, making criminals pay full restitution to
victims, and halting funding of prevention programs such as "Midnight
basketball" - a controversial attempt to keep kids off the streets at night.

"It may not be done the first week or two, but it's high on our list," says Sen.
Don Nickles, R-Okla.

Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, incoming chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee,
said the GOP wants to cut "some of the pork" out of the Democratic legislation.

The 1994 crime law:

-- Provided $ 30 billion for prison construction, police and prevention.

-- Expanded the death penalty to cover 50 more crimes.

-- Increased penalties for repeat federal sex offenders.

-- Banned at least 150 types of semiautomatic weapons.

-- Provided $ 10 billion for police and prevention programs.

The GOP wants to replace those programs with block grants for the states to use
for overtime, hiring police or setting up neighborhood watch programs - not to
bankroll prevention programs.

But Republicans also intend to "toughen" the crime legislation, claiming it
didn't go far enough.

The GOP's Contract with America calls for harsher sentences, would allow juries
to recommend the death penalty if there are aggravated circumstances and sets a
mandatory minimum sentence of 10 years for a violent or drug crime that involves
a gun.

Incoming House speaker Newt Gingrich, R-Ga., says he'd like to repeal the ban on
assault weapons. But, he says, "I don't know if it's practical to repeal it."

"It is a nonsense provision," Gingrich said on NBC's Meet the Press. "It is
illegal to have weapons in Washington, D.C., and it doesn't stop a man from
shooting President Reagan, doesn't stop a man from shooting at the White House."

Gingrich said he wants a 10-year mandatory sentence for using a firearm in the
commission of a felony and life in prison for paroled felons found in possession
of firearms.

"The people who were defeated, as a general principle, were people who voted for
the crime bill, not people who voted against the crime bill," he said.

Republicans also want to make it easier to use illegally seized evidence against
a crime suspect and to impose tougher sentences on adults who use minors to sell
drugs.

But not everyone agrees.

"No society on earth, other than a totalitarian society, holds itself together
with cops and prisons," says Barry Krisberg, president of the National Council
on Crime and Delinquency. "I would hope we don't reopen the debate on the crime
bill."

Rep. Patricia Schroeder, D-Colo., said the Republicans are trying the "same old
thing."

"They want more money for crime. They're turning into big spenders. We tried for
12 years and didn't solve crime by just getting tough and building prisons . . .
Yes, build prisons, help with more community policy and do prevention."

LOAD-DATE: December 06, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

CRIME IN THE USA

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 16, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

College coaches say players come under closer scrutiny

BYLINE: Karen Allen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 392 words


Most coaches say athletes are unfairly singled out when they commit crimes. They
argue that athletes aren't any more likely than the average student to commit
crimes - it's just that the star wide receiver gets more notice than the band's
saxophone player when he's caught sprinting for the door with a pocketful of
stolen merchandise.

True, maybe, but hard to prove.

A 1990 USA TODAY survey showed that college campuses generally are safer than
the country at-large - that crime on campus occurred at a rate of 26 per 1,000
students, while crime at large was 57 per 1,000. But athletes can go off campus
to commit crimes, and outsiders can come on campus to commit crimes, so no one's
sure who's doing what.

''I don't know how you'd get a sampling that would prove it either way,'' says
Lt. Jerry Miller of the Lansing (Mich.) Police Department, one of seven police
jurisdictions that neighbor Michigan State University.  ''Athletes aren't
involved any more often. When they are, it's such a high-profile thing that it
sticks in your mind.''

Capt. Mike Rice, who has spent 24 years with Michigan State's on-campus police,
agrees. ''We've got hundreds of athletes,'' he said, ''and often we don't know
if they are athletes if they don't say so. You do tend to notice the football
players, though, because they're so big.''

The difference between athletes and non-athletes involved in
crime isn't a statistic kept in Seat tle, where co-defending national champion
Washington is, either, says Sgt. Deborah King, head of the Seattle Police
Department criminal analysis division.

''If he's arrested, a kid is not likely to tell you he's involved in sports if
he doesn't have to,'' she said. ''But I don't think it holds water that athletes
are involved more than anyone else in their age group. A logical conclusion
would be that it isn't as much, because more of their time is occupied with
something else.''

Towson State (Md.) University's Center For the Study and Prevention of Crime on
Campus found that athletes admit to more crime than general students, however.

In a survey released in 1991 of 1,050 athletes and more than 10,000 students
overall nationwide, 2.5% of the athletes admitted committing a crime on campus,
compared with 1.4% of overall students. They were also more likely to admit
being the victim of a crime.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

See main story; Criminal behavior hits colleges hard

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 7, 1990, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

REPORT: ANTI-GAY CRIME UP IN MISSOURI

BYLINE: Lisa Arthur Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 640 words


Hate crimes against homosexual men and women in Missouri increased last year,
according to a report expected to be released today in Washington.  The fifth
annual Anti-Gay Violence, Victimization and Defamation Survey, compiled by the
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force in Washington, reports that 83 incidents
against homosexuals were documented in Missouri last year.  In 1988, 17
incidents were reported in Missouri.  Nationwide, 7,031 incidents - ranging from
verbal harassment to homicide - were reported last year. In 1988, 7,248
incidents were reported.  The national organization collected data for the
survey from 119 local groups in 40 states.  In Illinois, 529 incidents were
reported last year - a decrease from the 678 incidents recorded in 1988.
California led the nation in physical assaults last year with 198, followed by
New York with 108 and Illinois with 82, according to the report.  In Missouri,
groups reported incidents in the following categories: 36 cases of verbal
harassment.  14 cases of physical abuse.  14 cases of vandalism.  13 instances
of threats and menacing.  3 incidents classified as ''other.'' 2 cases of police
abuse.  1 arson.  The report does not pinpoint the city or county in which the
abuses took place. But 17 of the 83 incidents that happened in Missouri took
place on college campuses, said Kevin Berrill, director of the task force's
anti-violence project. Four incidents took place at Washington University, he
said.  Berrill said the arson happened in November in Springfield, when the home
of a gay rights activist was firebombed during a controversy over the staging of
a play about AIDS. Michael S. Slawin, spokesman for the Privacy Rights Education
Project in St. Louis, said he believed many anti-homosexual crimes committed in
the area go unreported. Slawin's group lobbies for homosexual rights in this
area.  ''Skinhead and neo-Nazi groups are on the rise in Missouri, as well as
across the nation,'' Slawin said. ''But the nature of these crimes makes people
afraid to report them, because they fear they will be revictimized by the
system.'' Both Berrill and Slawin stressed the need for a hate crime statistics
law in Missouri. Such a measure would mandate the reporting of crimes motivated
by prejudice against a person's ethnic background, race, age or sexual
orientation.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    May 6, 1990, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition

CASINOS PAY OFF IN CRIME AND CORRUPTION MISSOURI LEGISLATORS WERE WISE TO;
REJECT RIVERBOAT GAMBLING BILL

BYLINE: Thomas E. Dittmeier

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1254 words


The General Assembly of Missouri should be applauded for turning its back on
casino gambling in the Missouri. The proponents of legalized gambling touted it
as a panacea for reversing urban decay, promoting tourism and revitalizing
landmarks.  The promotional package for gambling was very clever. By focusing on
Kansas City's Union Station and riverboats on the Missouri and Mississippi
rivers, promoters were able to give it a certain nostalgic glow along with all
the promises of economic benefits.  However, anyone who looks closely at
legalized gambling will realize that the crime that has consistently been
associated with it is a burden that no community can afford.  The enormous
amounts of cash changing hands at casinos make crime endemic to these
operations, and the problem covers the entire spectrum, from street crime to
political corruption. Cash carried by patrons going to and from casinos and
using neighboring hotels, restaurants and parking lots, often at night, attracts
street criminals. The cash also generates a market for drugs, prostitution and
stolen goods.  Organized crime gets involved and thrives on casinos because the
large amount of cash obtained in unrecorded transactions provides an opportunity
to generate huge illegal profits from skimming and money laundering operations.
Organized crime also infiltrates the industries that serve casinos and the labor
unions that represent casino employees in order to divert casino profits through
extortion and kickbacks.  The political framework in which casinos operate
provides a fertile ground for public corruption. The governing authorities are
charged with providing regulation and control but are pressured to make
accommodations to the casino industry in order to obtain the desired tourist
dollars and economic growth.  Casino profits are dependent on favorable
legislation and licensing decisions that can be influenced through
''complementaries'' and bribes.  The experience of the only two areas in this
country that have a history of casino gambling is sobering. Casino gambling has
been legal in Nevada since 1931. Until recent years Las Vegas had the highest
per capita crime rate in the country. Prosecutors in Reno have identified
dramatic increases in crime rates with the opening of individual casino hotels.
The introduction of legalized casino gambling in Atlantic City in 1978 was
accompanied by an immediate and dramatic surge in street crime. By 1988 reported
crimes in Atlantic City increased 380 percent in comparison with 1977. Thefts
from people, motor vehicles and buildings skyrocketed.  The State of New Jersey
Casino Control Commission reported in 1989, ''(T)he conclusion appears
inescapable that casino gambling is a magnet for street criminals.'' It also
reported that the advent of casino gambling had been accompanied by a
''disturbing increase'' of assault, rape, prostitution and drug dealing.
Organized crime has permeated the ownership and operation of Las Vegas casinos
despite regulation and licensing. Incidents of hidden ownership and the sharing
of skimmed profits with underworld figures continue to be uncovered.  New
Jersey's gaming laws were designed to keep organized crime out of the industry.
However, these laws do not effectively cover the vendors that service casinos.
The Pennsylvania Crime Commission found that businesses owned by organized crime
families, which provide services or supplies to casinos, enjoyed an enormous
growth following the passage of the New Jersey casino legislation.  New Jersey
has been successful in ousting union officials with ties to organized crime. But
even after the state expended large amounts of law enforcement resources to oust
these officials, the same individuals have stayed involved in the union
activities as ''consultants,'' beyond the reach of the statute. The Pennsylvania
Crime Commission reported that organized crime figures were buying up real
estate around the country in areas in which casino gambling might be legalized.
Conflict-of-interest legislation has not eliminated public corruption in Nevada
or Atlantic City. A committee of the New York City City Council recently heard
testimony that ''official corruption has been rampant'' in Atlantic City.  The
Abscam investigation involved an official of the Casino Control Commission and
other New Jersey Politicians acting on behalf of the casino gambling interests.
Nevada has seen various scandals over the years involving elected and appointed
officials who received ''complementaries'' from casinos and later were extorted.
Casinos by their nature generate crime on all levels, and Missourians should
never be fooled into believing that socially beneficial purposes will remove
them from crime's reach.  Thomas E. Dittmeier is the U.S. attorney for the
Eastern District of Missouri.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Record (Greensboro, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 12, 2009 Monday

BRIEF: FBI releases preliminary report on '08 crime

BYLINE: Sonja Elmquist, News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 251 words


Jan. 12--The Federal Bureau of Investigation today released its "Semiannual
Preliminary Uniform Crime Report."

The country experienced a 3.5 percent decline in violent crime from January to
June 2008, compared to the same period in 2007, according to a FBI press
release. Nationwide, there was a 2.5 percent decline in property crime for that
time period.

Violent crime in Greensboro increased by about 3 percent over the same period
last year but saw the smallest increase in violent crime among North Carolina
cities reporting data, behind Charlotte/Mecklenburg County at 8.4 percent,
Raleigh at 12.4 percent and Fayetteville at 21.7 percent.

Property crime in Greensboro increased by 4.2 percent. That increase is less
than the Charlotte area, which saw a 7.5 percent increase, but more than
Raleigh, which experienced a 1.7 percent increase, and Fayetteville, which had a
3.7 percent decrease in property crimes.

The report is based on information from law enforcement agencies that
contributed three to six common months of data to the FBI from January through
June of both 2007 and 2008.

To see more of the News & Record or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-record.com. Copyright (c) 2009, News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090112-VG-HLT-BRF-FBI-releases-preliminary-report-on-08-crime-0112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VG


                                 Copyright 2009


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    August 26, 1995, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Fear fuels fortress America

BYLINE: JULIAN BELTRAME; SOUTHAM NEWS

SECTION: OBSERVER; Pg. B2

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In a tiny Illinois village, two guardhouses manned round-the-clock by police
monitor the comings and goings of residents and visitors.

In Silverton, Oregon, parents answer in court for the petty crimes committed by
their children.

In Corpus Christi, Texas, police dogs prowl school corridors and sniff out
weapons stored in student lockers.

The fear of crime is turning many U.S. cities and towns into fortresses, where
residents trade cherished civil rights for a haven from an increasingly violent
world, criminologists say.

Ironically, much of this is happening while violent crime, and particularly
homicide, has been in dramatic decline since 1990.

From 1990 to 1993, the national murder rate declined by 10 per cent. And
according to partial statistics this year, the drop is accelerating, with
homicides in the first six months of 1995 tumbling by nearly one-third in New
York and Houston, by 19 per cent in Chicago, nine per cent in Detroit and 6.6
per cent in Los Angeles. Canada has undergone a similar dropoff. Overall crime
north of the border dropped for the third year in a row in 1994, while homicides
fell to 596 last year from 630 in 1993.

The two seemingly contradictory trends may be the result of the climate of fear
prompted by the staggering growth in violent crime prior to 1990 that the more
recent good news has been unable to correct, says James Fox, dean of the School
of Criminal Justice at Northeastern University.

But, Fox argues, it is probably the result of the proliferation of TV crime
shows, everything from prime-time semi-documentaries that graphically re-create
crime to local news programs that often begin with the crime of the day.

"It's true that crime is much worse today than it was in the 1960s, but the
perception of a crime explosion is way out of proportion to what exists out
there," he says.

Law-makers respond to fear

For more than a decade, law-makers at all levels have responded to the climate
of fear with both traditional and unique measures to fight crime.

Under President Bill Clinton, Congress has banned assault weapons and imposed
the first nationwide "cooling off" period on handgun purchases. As well, Clinton
has set aside money for an additional 100,000 police officers to reinforce the
550,000 police officers and 1.5 million private security personnel now
patrolling streets or guarding shopping malls, office buildings and residential
enclaves.

Fourteen states have enacted tough three-strikes laws that impose life sentences
on the third serious offence. Most major U.S. cities now have midnight curfews
in place for those under 18, metal detectors greet children at many urban
schools, and an estimated 23,000 walled residential developments with privately
manned guardhouses have sprouted across the country.

But until recently, most of these measures were aimed at crime zones in large
metropolitan cities. Now rural America, where crime remains low, appears to be
catching the fear.

Silverton is a pleasant town of about 6,200 which has not had a homicide in five
years. The crime wave that spurred its city council to pass the country's
toughest Parental Responsibility Law last January amounted to little more than a
spurt in juvenile misbehavior -- an increase in vandalism, petty thefts and
violation of the 10 p.m. curfew for children under 18.

Since the ordinance took effect, eight of 12 parents charged -- mostly because
their children were smoking or committing acts of vandalism -- were found guilty
of essentially being bad parents and forced to pay a small fine and undergo
parental counselling classes.

Other legislators jumped on the bandwagon. So far, 400 communities across the
U.S. have requested information about the law and the state of Oregon passed a
milder version of the Silverton ordinance, which will take effect next month.

So far, the law appears to be working. Silverton police report that juvenile
crime has dropped 53 per cent.

Although Fox argues paranoia about crime, especially in small-town America, is
exaggerated, he does not believe the recent drop in crime will lessen that fear
any time soon.

"If you dig deeper into the numbers you'll see that, yes, the homicide rate is
dropping, but homicides among teenagers is skyrocketing (up 26 per cent in
1993). The reason there are fewer homicides is that the baby boomers have grown
up and there aren't as many teenagers around," he notes.

"But a second boom is coming. There are 39 million children under the age of 10
now and these children will be teenagers soon. This is the calm before the next
crime storm," he says.

Southam News



LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1995

LENGTH: 775 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 14, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

More Prisons Haven't Yet Reduced Crime;
Two Midwest States

SECTION: Section A;  Page 20;  Column 5;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 268 words


To the Editor:

A. M. Rosenthal's "Prisons Save Lives" (column, June 3) draws on the partial
data of Prof. John DiIulio, whose writings are far outside the mainstream of
American criminology. Professor DiIulio's research has been criticized by scores
of researchers, including the current and three past presidents of the American
Society of Criminology.

Our prison population has tripled since 1980, yet states with the highest rates
of imprisonment typically have the highest crime rates.

Consider the sister states of Minnesota and Wisconsin. In 1980 they had
virtually identical crime rates. In the next 10 years, Wisconsin doubled its
prison population, while Minnesota's incarceration rate grew by 40 percent. Yet,
the two states entered the 1990's with similar overall crime rates. Further, in
1991 Milwaukee suffered from more gun violence and nearly twice as many murders
as Minneapolis-St. Paul. Wisconsin's heavy investment in incarceration did not
produce more public safety.

If we want to save lives, more strategic areas of investment include restricting
gun availability, stopping domestic violence and child abuse, and restricting
the flow of drugs and alcohol to adolescents. The proponents of "get tough" won
the policy debate in the 1980's -- they urged us on to reach the highest
incarceration rate of any country on earth. But their policy experiment failed.

More than simply wasting money, the "get tough" advocates promoted social
policies built on fear and revenge.

BARRY KRISBERG
President, National Council
on Crime and Delinquency
San Francisco, June 6, 1994

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 6, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CRIME VICTIMS SEEKING A GREATER LEGAL VOICE

BYLINE: By JEFFREY SCHMALZ

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 5


Five years after she was attacked and pistol- whipped in her car in Brooklyn in
1975, Dr. Shelley Neiderbach was mugged at knifepoint in her apartment-building
lobby.

She recognized the mugger - a member of a neighborhood juvenile gang - but was
afraid to testify against him for fear of retaliation.

''When a psychopath puts a gun to your head or a knife to your throat, it's a
life-changing, life-shattering piece of evil,'' Dr. Neiderbach said today. ''I
didn't know what to do. I felt vulnerable, helpless, powerless, rage. I had to
do something.''

What she did was to devote herself to counseling other crime victims in New York
City, forming a free service that now includes seven psychologists.

Two Days of Fighting

And here this week, Dr. Neiderbach joined 200 other experts - many of them
former victims themselves - for two days of fighting for legislation, developing
counseling strategies and, in general, discussing the status of what has come to
be called ''victimology.''

''This is how I get back, this is how I get even,'' Dr. Neiderbach said, looking
around a meeting room. ''This is how all of us get even.''

The conference - sponsored by the state's Crime Victims Compensation Board -
drew a host of state government officials, among them Attorney General Robert
Abrams; Lawrence T. Kurlander, Governor Cuomo's criminal justice director, and a
dozen Assembly and Senate members.

Their presence was testimony to the rising political influence of crime victims
- an influence that has come about, in part, as a network of self-help groups
has come to the realization that it can be a network for effecting legislative
change, as well.

A Political Force

''It's similar to what happened with the senior citizens,'' said Assemblyman
Melvin H. Miller, a Democrat of Brooklyn and the chairman of the Assembly Codes
Committee, which oversees crime legislation.

''They slowly evolved from a collection of self-help groups into a lobbying
group and a political force. Now the crime victims are looking around and seeing
that they have a constituency. They're now an element you talk about when you're
considering crime legislation.''

Many at the conference and in state government see the focus of the groups'
lobbying efforts entering a new stage - beginning to shift away from victim
services toward obtaining a greater voice for victims in the criminal-justice
system.

The Crime Victims Compensation Board is still seeking legislation for services,
such as providing money for the relocation of threatened witnesses and victims.
But it is also asking for such measures as allowing a victim to submit a
statement at his attacker's parole hearing. Victims have already won the right
to submit statements to the court before sentencing.

Fear of Losing Focus

''The question is,'' Mr. Miller said, ''what will the shift of emphasis do as
far as impacting the functioning of the system - the courts, the prosecutors,
parole. How it plays out, we'll see.''

Many at the conference were concerned that if the board loses its independence
and is incorporated into another agency - which is what some proposals being
considered would do - the victims' rights movement might lose its focus. The
board, which paid out $100,000 in compensation to victims in 1967, now pays out
about $9 million a year.

''We've come a long way,'' said Alvin Pierce of the Bronx, whose 18-year-old son
was shot to death in a grocery store three years ago. ''But we can't let it
slide. We need to give the victim as much rights and help as we give the
killer.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Dr. Shelley Neiderbach and Ronald A. Zweibel

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 11, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

TV MONITORS CUT CRIME AT RAIL STATION

BYLINE: By ALFONSO A. NARVAEZ

SECTION: Section 11NJ; Page 1, Column 3; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 839 words

DATELINE: NEWARK A CLOSED


-CIRCUIT television system that lets the police monitor activity on the street
as rail commuters approach or leave NJ Transit's Erie Lackawanna station here
has reduced crime as much as 90 percent, transit officials reported last week.

The system, which has eight television cameras - including three that can zoom
in close enough to spot a knife in someone's hand or a pistol in a waistband -
is operated 24 hours a day and has virtually eliminated the holdups and muggings
that had plagued many of the 5,000 commuters who use the station daily.

''Prior to our coming here, there were an average of about five crimes a week,''
said Werner Ropers, chief of NJ Transit's 45-member police force, whose
headquarters has been at the station for the last year.

''Basically, crime occurred toward the evening rush hours, when it got dark and
people were waiting for trains. Since we moved here, we've been able to reduce
it by 90 percent.''

Lieut. Joseph A. Iacovino, assigned to the television surveillance unit, said
that it recently had enabled an officer to capture a man who had a .45-caliber
automatic revolver in his belt.

''The officer zoomed in on him because he looked suspicious,'' the lieutenant
said, ''and he was able to see the gun in his belt. An officer on the street was
notified and the man was arrested.''

Lieutenant Iacovino said that the television system let an officer in the
control room not only monitor activity, but also communicate with people on the
platforms, stairwells, waiting room and exits and entrances.

''The system is voice-activated,'' he said. ''We not only can see the people, we
can hear them as well.''

The station is at University and Lackawanna Avenues, just off Broad Street in
downtown Newark. It was orginally that of the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western
Railroad, which merged with the Erie to become the Erie Lackawanna. The latter's
passenger service eventually was taken over by Conrail, which in turn gave way
to NJ Transit.

Chief Ropers said that 3,800 crimes were committed on the entire NJ Transit rail
system in 1983, an increase of about 2 percent over the previous year. Of the
3,800 crimes, he said, most were petty, including vandalism and disorderly
conduct; only about 3 percent involved holdups and muggings. There were no
homicides.

''The rate of crime on the NJ Transit rail system is very low compared with any
other system,'' Chief Ropers declared.

The crime statistics were disclosed at a news conference at the station during
which Senator Frank R. Lautenberg, Democrat of Montclair, announced that he and
two Republican Senators, Alfonse M. D'Amato of New York and Arlen Specter of
Pennsylvania, had introduced legislation earmarking $200 million over the next
three years for crime prevention on subway and bus systems across the country.

''We want everybody in New Jersey to feel secure when they ride their
mass-transit system,'' Senator Lautenberg said. ''Crime and the fear of crime
serve as deterrents to ridership and are a threat to the many people who have no
choice but to use buses or trains.

''Efforts to combat crime are essential to the success of mass transit. The
better our efforts to reduce the fear of crime, the more the systems will be
used and the more sound will be our investment in mass transit.

''Not only does the system have to be reliable, not only does it have to be
clean, not only does it have to be cost- effective, it also has to be safe.''

The bill calls for spending $25 million in fiscal 1984, $75 million in 1985 and
$100 million in 1986.

John P. Sheridan, Commissioner of the state's Department of Transportaton and
head of the NJ Transit board, said he was pleased that Congress was making an
effort to deal with crime prevention. Security systems at Pennsylvania Station
in Newark, as well as at stations in Hoboken, New Brunswick and Trenton, ''would
be very, very helpful,'' he said.

He noted that the security system at the Erie Lackawanna station here covered
three square blocks, thereby adding to the safety of the area in general.

Jerome C. Premo, executive director of NJ Transit, said that it had cost about
$150,000 to install the closed-circuit setup and that more than $2 million was
being sought for a ''massive upgrading of security'' at Pennsylvania Station
here.

That station accommodates about 120,000 people a day. About half use the PATH
system, 5 percent use Amtrak trains and the rest ride NJ Transit trains.

Mr. Premo said that closed-circuit television also would be installed in
stations along the Newark City Subway system.

As for safety on NJ Transit buses, Mr. Premo said there were 31 robberies on
buses in a three-month period in 1983, a figure he described as
''infinitesimally low'' for the number of riders.

He said that 16 NJ Transit police officers were working closely with local
Police Departments along bus routes, and that in the last three months more than
2,000 Newark police officers had ridden on buses with an aim toward combating
crime.




LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Officer Alfonse Imperiale monitoring the closed-circuit TV
system ; photo of television cameras at Newark station

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 18, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

JUSTICE SYSTEM IN STATE FOUND NEARING CHAOS

BYLINE: By E. J. DIONNE Jr., Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 861 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 17


A commission appointed by Governor Carey to study crime issued a gloomy report
today on the state's criminal-justice system.

It said it was ''choking on numbers,'' used record-keeping methods that amounted
to ''chaos'' and was near ''judicial gridlock'' in its treatment of
misdemeanors.

In a preliminary report to Mr. Carey, the Advisory Commission on the
Administration of Justice found that the crime rate was so high that in New York
City certain crimes, such as burglaries involving sums of less than $5,000, were
at one time not investigated. This created what the commission called ''de facto
decriminalization of certain crimes by ignoring them.'' The practice stopped,
the commission said, only after publicity about it ''created a public uproar.''

The report did say that certain improvements had taken place, noting that ''more
defendants are convicted of crimes than ever before, and more receive prison
sentences.''

''Yet,'' the report continued, ''the courts are still having difficulty keeping
pace.'' It found that 2,381,906 crimes were reported in New York State in 1980,
a 10 percent increase over the year before.

Questions Notions About Crime

And the commission contended that New Yorkers ''expect more'' of the
criminal-justice system ''than we have a right to.'' ''The mission of the
criminal-justice system is a narrow one,'' the report said. ''It comes into play
only after the damage has already been done by the commission of a crime.''

The report also questioned a variety of popularly accepted notions about crime.
''There is no proof,'' it said, ''that increasing the length of sentence has
resulted in concomitant reductions in the crime rate.'' It suggested that
''options for stabilizing the prison population'' may ''revolve around reducing
both the number of persons sentenced to prison and the length of their
sentences.''

The preliminary report, a 42-page compendium of the problems of the
criminal-justice system, contained no specific recommendations. But it did say
the commission, headed by Arthur L. Liman, a New York attorney, would look at a
variety of ''options.''

Faults Sequestering of Juries

It noted, for example, that the practice of sequestering jurors - keeping jury
members in hotels overnight -''costs nearly $1,500 for each night the jury is
sequestered.''

As an example of the shortcomings of the system, the commission cited the case
of a jury that could not reach a decision and ''was sequestered for the night at
a Holiday Inn in Riverhead, L.I.''

''The only problem,'' the report continued, ''was that it was a jury from New
York City - miles from Riverhead - and they finally arrived at the motel at 4:30
A.M.''

''We intend to review the law requiring mandatory sequestration,'' the
commission said.  The report also criticized the practice of reassigning prison
officers to posts of their choice on the basis of seniority.

Transfers of Guards Noted

At Green Haven prison, an ''unpopular facility'' with prison guards, the report
said that since the beginning of 1981, ''the superintendent had been sent an
average of 80 new corrections officers every two weeks to replace those who had
bid for and received transfers to other institutions.''

The study also found that the use of seniority in determining the assignment of
prison officers has ''produced a situation where nearly all black and Hispanic
officers choose to work in institutions proximate to New York City.''

As a result, the study found that at Ossining, Arthur Kill and Bedford Hills,
''black and Hispanic guards constitute a majority of the correctional staff.''
But at Clinton prison, the state's largest, ''there are no blacks and only seven
Hispanics among the 852-member guard force.''

Probation Caseloads Cited

''Unless we ignore the lessons of Attica,'' the report said, ''an inmate
population that is 52 percent black and 22 percent Hispanic should not be
supervised by an essentially all-white staff.''

The study also noted vast differences between New York City and the rest of the
state on the number of probationers handled by probation officers. The average
caseload for a New York City probation officer was 190; upstate, the average
caseload was 69 per officer.

The report chided the public for its ''demands that more people be placed in
prison and for longer periods of time'' at the same time that it voted down the
$500 million prison bond issue in November.

Assemblyman Melvin H. Miller, the chairman of the Assembly Codes Committee, said
that much information in the report was ''familiar'' and that some of its
suggestions - such as the change in the way jurors are interviewed and an end to
sequestering of juries - had been rejected by the Legislature in the past. But
he praised the report for taking a ''holistic'' approach and ''dealing with the
system from police to corrections to parole.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

FBI: Violent crime increases in 2015

BYLINE: ERIC TUCKER and LISA MARIE PANE The Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 370 words


WASHINGTON - Are Americans safer? It depends on where you live.

A report issued Monday by the FBI says the number of murders rose by more than
10 percent in 2015 from the previous year, while violent crime overall was up
nearly 4 percent. Experts said the increase is driven by a spike in violent
crime in at least several large cities, but they caution that the country is in
the midst of such low crime rates that even the tiniest increase appears larger
than it is.

"There are problems with violence in certain American cities and we need to work
to address that, but there's no evidence of a national crime wave," said Inimai
Chettiar, of the Brennan Center for Justice, a nonpartisan law and policy
institute at New York University School of Law.

The FBI report is based on information supplied by local law enforcement
agencies through the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Program, which compiles data
on murders, aggravated assault, car thefts and other crime.

The statistics show an estimated 15,696 murders and non-negligent manslaughters
in the country in 2015, a 10.8 percent increase from the year before. Those
totals do not include killings that agencies have deemed justifiable.

Violent crime overall rose by 3.9 percent, though the total was still lower than
levels from five and 10 years ago, in 2011 and 2006, the FBI said.

Attorney General Loretta Lynch, speaking Monday at an event in Little Rock,
Ark., said the new data show that "we still have so much work to do." But she
also noted that crime in many communities has remained stable or decreased.

"And it is important to remember that while crime did increase overall last
year, 2015 still represented the third-lowest year for violent crime in the past
two decades," she added.

The Brennan Center for Justice released a study a week ago that, based on
information from 30 cities, indicates the crime rate is holding steady so far
this year over 2015 levels. It said a handful of cities, however, appear to be
accounting for a disproportionate amount of the violent crime. The number of
murders reported by law enforcement agencies in four cities alone - Baltimore,
Chicago, Milwaukee and Washington, D.C. - is showing a 20 percent increase, the
study said.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Mayor Yarber, Police Chief Vance Attend U.S. Justice Departmentâ[#x20ac][TM]s
Violence Reduction Network Summit

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: City of Jackson, The State of Mississippi has issued the following
news release:



   Jackson Mayor Tony T. Yarber and Police Chief Lee Vance are in Little Rock,
Ark., this week, attending the U.S. Department of Justice's Violence Reduction
Network, a technical assistance initiative designed to support cities' violence
crime reduction strategies.





 According to the U.S. Justice Department, the VRN creates a mechanism for
cities to engage their violent crime reduction strategies with DOJ components,
including the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; U.S. Drug
Enforcement Administration; Executive Office for United States Attorneys;
Federal Bureau of Investigation; Office of Community Oriented Policing Services;
Office of Justice Programs; Office on Violence Against Women; and the U.S.
Marshals Service. The network also creates a mechanism for cities to engage
directly with national and international practitioners and researchers who have
proven track records in developing, implementing and evaluating strategies and
tactics that reduce urban violence.



 "The City of Jackson's overall crime rates have been down significantly for
more than a year. Joining the VRN will support our efforts to continue to reduce
crime numbers and strengthen our community alliances by utilizing proven best
practices," said Mayor Tony T. Yarber.



 Vance said participating in the VRN is another step in the right direction for
Jackson.



 "Not only does this give us access to additional resources, it also helps to
create an exchange of strategies among the cities," Vance said.



 The cities currently participating in the VRN are Camden, N.J.; Wilmington,
Del.; Detroit; Chicago; Oakland, Calif.; Flint, Mich.; Compton, Calif.; Newark,
N.J.; Little Rock, Ark.; Milwaukee, Wis.; New Orleans and St. Louis, Mo.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

ASU criminologists tapped to help redesign national survey

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: Tempe


Arizona State University has issued the following news release:

Arizona State University professors Kristy Holtfreter and Michael Reisig have
been selected to serve as Technical Review Panelists on the redesign of the
National Crime Victimization Survey, the largest national database on the impact
of crime and characteristics of violent offenders.

The panel members, who will serve for three years, were chosen for noted
expertise in their respective research areas. The goal of the redesign is to
increase the efficiency, reliability and use of the survey's data.

"We are looking at three primary objectives," says Michael Planty, chief of
victimizations statistics for the Bureau of Justice Statistics. "We want to
extend the utility of the survey for local organizations, modernize and expand
the types of crimes covered and capture citizens' perceptions of law
enforcement."

He says that one goal is to gain greater flexibility to capture contemporary
crime - such as identity theft, one of the fastest growing and most feared
crimes.

Holtfreter will help to address this by developing measures of fraud
victimization and identity theft. She will also contribute to measures of the
consequences of victimization, such as financial loss.

Reisig will be working on the third objective: developing community measures
such as perceptions of neighborhood conditions, perceptions of police and
fairness in justice, and identification of predictors of victim risk.

"We want to capture the percentage of crime not reported," Planty says.
"Community trust is a factor here. We can look at variability across places -
areas that have more or less police, regional laws and statutes - to evaluate
the effect on local crime."

Panelists will also examine and propose a methodological component to monitor
change more quickly for future surveys.

The National Crime Victimization Survey is an annual data collection for the
Bureau of Justice Statistics that helps produce national estimates of the level
and nature of criminal victimization in the United States. About 90,000
households are interviewed twice during the year. Households remain part of the
program for three years.

Survey data has been collected since 1973. The last update to the survey was
done in 1992.

Other panelists include Bonnie Fisher (professor, University of Cincinnati),
James P. Lynch (chair and professor, University of Maryland), and American
Society of Criminology Fellows Colin Loftin (professor, State University of New
York-Albany), Janet Lauritsen (professor, University of Missouri-St. Louis) and
Wesley Skogan (professor, Northwestern University).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            February 15, 2013 Friday

Obama's quiet ally: Who's behind gun control bill no one is talking about;
As President Obama comes to Chicago to talk gun control, Illinois' Republican
senator, Mark Kirk, is pushing a bill to target gun trafficking. It's under the
radar, but could have a greater impact than other bills.

BYLINE: Mark Guarino Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 574 words


As President Obama pushes for gun control in Chicago Friday, an unexpected ally
from his home state, Sen. Mark Kirk (R) of Illinois, is crossing party lines to
propose legislation that could have a greater impact than higher-profile
proposals to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, experts say.

Senator Kirk and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D) of New York introduced the bill,
which targets gun trafficking, last week.

The bill defines gun trafficking as a crime. It focuses on organized crime,
cartels, and street gangs, and makes it illegal to purchase, sell, or transfer
more than one firearm to someone - or on the behalf of someone - who could be
reasonably expected to use it in a crime. Gun shop owners who knowingly
facilitate such purchases would also be liable. Maximum penalties are 20 years
in prison.

"Kirk's take is really interesting, no one else is talking about that," says
Wayne Steger, a political scientist at DePaul University in Chicago. "Gun
running across state borders and selling to unlicensed and unregistered people
is the big problem."

According to the University of Chicago Crime Lab, which researches gun violence
and crime policy, the majority of guns confiscated or used in crimes in Chicago
were purchased outside the city limits. The top source states for firearms
recovered in Chicago include Indiana, Mississippi, Kentucky, Alabama, and Texas.
These states either have weaker gun laws or are historically connected to
Chicago over generations, with families residing in both areas.

Kirk is not against the gun-control measures Mr. Obama is touting. In fact, he
is the only Republican in the Senate who is on record saying he supports a ban
on assault weapons. While a member of the House in 2008, he introduced
legislation that would have renewed the assault-weapons ban that expired in
2004, saying the weaponry ends up in the hands of gangs and exposes
law-enforcement officers to dangers that even body armor can't prevent.

The legislation eventually failed, but he told the the Chicago Sun-Times in
January that he still supported an assault-weapons ban.

His new bill is attempting to address a different facet of gun violence. On
Wednesday, Kirk said he wants to name the bill after Hadiya Pendleton, the
15-year-old girl who participated in Obama's inauguration and then was gunned
down in Kenwood, a South Side Chicago neighborhood, three weeks ago.

After asking her parents for permission, Kirk released a statement saying that
"for Hadiya, and thousands of other victims of gun violence, we must break
through the typical Washington process and actually get something done that will
save lives."

Professor Steger says Kirk's legislation, as well as his continued support for
an assault-weapons ban, are not likely to hurt him politically. Kirk is a
Republican in a deeply blue state, so the national Republican Party will not
want to make him vulnerable by supporting a challenger in the next primary.

"I can't imagine Republicans running a primary challenge against him. When more
conservative candidates run, they lose," Steger says.

Mr. Obama mentioned Hadiya's murder in his State of the Union speech Tuesday, in
which he called on Congress to pass an assault-weapons ban, among other
restrictions such as a universal background check for gun purchasers. But a bill
to rein in assault weapons, introduced by Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D) of
California in January, is not expected to pass either chamber.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

Mesa joins big-city police chiefs organization

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 785 words


Dec. 07--The Mesa Police Department has become the third police force in Arizona
to join the Major City Chiefs Association, giving the department a voice in
efforts to address national policing issues.

In October, Mesa was added to the MCCA rolls during its annual conference in
Orlando, Fla., joining world-renown forces such as New York, Los Angeles,
Boston, Chicago and even the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.

Mesa has a population of about 450,000, now a "major city" itself that will
provide a voice in establishing policies that conform with national standards.
To be included in the association, cities must have a population near 500,000
and nearly 1,000 sworn officers. The association was founded in the late 1960s
when such departments started meeting on a regular basis to share strategies,
technology and influence.

Mesa Police Chief Frank Milstead, who was at the group's October conference,
told the Tribune that although violent crime rates are reaching a near-50-year
low in the city, Mesa is faced with big-city crime, as it has surpassed major
cities such as Kansas City and Cleveland in population.

In 1963, Mesa experienced 40 "Part I," or violent, crimes per 1,000 residents,
compared with 33 violent crimes per 1,000 residents last year, according to city
statistics. During the first 10 months of this year, Mesa has seen a 13 percent
drop in violent crimes, compared with the same period of time last year,
according to the statistics.

The department attributes its success to targeting repeat offenders who comprise
the top 10 percent violent criminals.

For the last several years, Mesa had been sending representatives to MCCA
meetings to observe how major cities deal with issues that affect departments
across the nation -- handling social media, efficient patrol deployment during
times of budget cuts, use of force, extradition and illegal immigration.

"This gives Mesa exposure," Milstead said of the department becoming a member of
the MCCA. "We now have a voice in what's going on. Arizona is setting trends in
fighting crimes, and we're a part of that."

Phoenix and Tucson also are members of the MCCA, and Mesa joins other new
members to be added to the now 69-member advisory board: Albuquerque, N.M.;
Arlington, Texas; Colorado Springs, Colo.; Fresno, Calif.; and Raleigh, N.C.

Milstead said Mesa currently has 777 sworn officers, the lowest number it can
have without losing $12.6 million in federal stimulus money it received last
year to hire an addition 25 officers. The department is operating on a $145.2
million annual budget for the 2010-11 fiscal year, down from a $154.2 million
annual operating budget or a 5.7 percent cut from its 2009-10 fiscal year
budget, according to information from the city's finance department.

When the MCCA meets again early next year in Washington, D.C., issues including
budgets and illegal immigration will be discussed with federal law enforcement
groups such as the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice
and members of Congress.

"It's a great format for policing issues," Milstead said. "This gives us an
opportunity to share information and what we are doing for efficiency."

One of the growing concerns, Milstead said, is how cities are beginning to
address extradition issues, even when it comes to apprehending violent
offenders.

Last year, the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office announced it no longer would be
the law enforcement agency to extradite criminals from other states, placing the
cost burden on local departments. So far, it has not become a problem with Mesa,
which has spent slightly more than $8,000 in extraditions and will travel
anywhere in the U.S. to obtain a violent criminal wanted within the city's
jurisdiction, Milstead said.

But some police departments across the nation have policies in place of not
going after criminals if they are more than 500 miles away -- and often if
officers can't get to the criminal's destination by car, they'll remain free.

Right now, two violent offenders -- one out of Pensacola, Fla, and a man accused
of committing crimes against a child in Rhode Island -- are living in Phoenix,
but the jurisdictions they are wanted in will not travel to Arizona to get them
at their expense and the suspects can't be arrested by authorities here because
they have not committed any crimes in the Valley.

"It's a huge problem," Milstead said.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101207-MZ-Mesa-joins-big-city-police-chiefs-organization-1207-20101207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2010 East Valley Tribune


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                               December 24, 2007

New chief a great asset in fight against crime, Jackson biz leaders say

BYLINE: Lynn Lofton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 706  words


Jackson business leaders are pleased that Hinds County Sheriff Malcolm McMillin
is now serving as the city's police chief and are optimistic that the dual role
will serve to strengthen crime prevention. Several feel the perception of crime
in Jackson is greater than the reality.

"I couldn't be more enthusiastic and excited about his appointment as police
chief," said Leland Speed, a long time business and civic leader. "With 85% of
county residents living in the city, it was the thing to do. We need to look at
more combined things for the county and city. "

Ross Tucker, executive director of the Metro Jackson Economic Development
Alliance, sees a renewed sense of hope with McMillin coming on board.

"Unfortunately, perception is reality, and people think crime is worse here than
it is," he said. "I travel all over the country, and we're no worse off than
other cities. "

Realtor Mike Peters also feels the perception of high crime is something the
city must work to erase. "The new chief is fabulous for the city," he said.
"That's one of the best things the mayor has done since he took office. "

But Speed said the perception is definitely not reality, and cited the
Mississippi Bureau of Justice crime statistics as reported to the FBI. He noted
that it's against federal law to turn in wrong numbers. The national ranking has
Jackson below Little Rock, Memphis, New Orleans, Nashville, Houston, Baton Rouge
and other cities.

"We're asking people to look at the numbers and the specifics," he said. "We're
compared with 11 cities and we're not worst in anything. "

In his current capacity as a planning consultant with the city, Speed brought in
a team of professional planners to study the city's needs, including the crime
issue. "They explained how we've talked ourselves into this perception of crime,
" he said. "We've become so paranoid about it. We're solidly convinced that it's
worse than it is. "

The visitors met with Mayor Frank Melton and asked him to talk about public
safety and security, which Speed feels are more on the positive side.

"I'm an optimist. People are coming back in off the ledge and taking a close
look at the city," he said. "There's more construction going on in the city than
I can ever remember. The official metro population is 539,000. We are growing in
population. "

The 66 blocks comprising the downtown area has the lowest crime rate in the
metro area, said Ben Allen, president of Downtown Jackson Partners.

"The challenge is to communicate that to the public," he said. "The perception
is that it's not safe downtown and nothing could be farther from the truth.
Crime has gone down dramatically. "

Admitting that things are not perfect, Allen said panhandling and vagrancy have
increased since Hurricane Katrina brought more non-profit organizations to town.
"There is no politically correct way to say it, but non-profits attract this
sort of thing," he said.

Charles Richardson, executive director of the Fondren Foundation, thinks the
perception of crime will improve with the new police chief. "I don't want to
minimize crime, but it's more a perception than reality," he said. "If you look
at statistics, crime in Fondren is lower than other parts of Jackson and the
state - significantly lower. "

Richardson moved to Jackson from Baton Rouge last April and has a theory about
the perception of rampant crime in Jackson. "Jackson has three TV stations and
the largest newspaper in the state," he said. "They're competitive, and there
has to be something to report so every little petty crime is reported. It was
not that way in Baton Rouge. "

Like Fondren, Belhaven is a historic part of the city that is growing and must
fight the perception of crime. Virgi Lindsey, executive director of the Greater
Belhaven Neighborhood Foundation, has lived in the area 20 years and feels safe.

"I'm very happy about Malcolm McMillin becoming police chief. He's amazing - a
good law officer and a community builder," she said. "We've been fortunate to
have a long standing relationship with him. He helped with our building and with
the produce market and provided security. "

Lindsey said McMillin has partnered with a lot of the city's areas and brings
that history and knowledge to the job as police chief.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              May 25, 2004 Tuesday

Violent crimes dip 10% in El Paso

BYLINE: By Daniel Borunda, El Paso Times

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 331 words


El Paso mirrored the national trend last year with a drop in violent crime
despite an increase in homicides, according to the FBI's Preliminary Annual
Uniform Crime Report released Monday.

Violent crime -- robbery, rape, aggravated assault, homicide and manslaughter --
dropped 10 percent in El Paso despite a 50 percent increase in homicides. In
2003, there were 21 homicides, compared with 14 in 2002.

"The homicide number does concern us, but unfortunately homicides often involve
crimes of passion and those are difficult to prevent," said interim Police Chief
Richard Wiles, who credited the drop to a partnership between police and
residents.

Nationally, violent crime declined 3.2 percent in 2003 while homicides increased
1.1 percent compared with 2002, the FBI said. Other cities in the region also
saw violent crime drop. Albuquerque saw a dip of about 9 percent and San Antonio
had an almost 26 percent dive.

In El Paso, there have been two homicides this year, compared with five at this
time in 2003, police said. The city averages about 20 killings a year.

Property crime -- burglary, theft, auto theft and arson -- dropped 5.7 percent
in El Paso, the FBI report stated.

"I think it's great that it (crime) is (down); maybe there is more awareness,"
said Raquel Rodriguez, who said she feels safe in her Central neighborhood
despite finding her Acura Integra on blocks and four wheels stolen in January.

"I moved from Missouri to El Paso and I never thought I would need a tire lock,"
said Rodriguez, 40, who arrived a year ago from a St. Louis suburb.

El Paso crime

VIOLENT CRIME

. Down 10 percent overall.

. Murder: up 50 percent.

. Robbery: up 1 percent.

. Aggravated assault: down 13 percent.

. Rape: down 0.9 percent.

PROPERTY CRIME

. Down 5.7 percent overall.

. Burglary: down 1.6 percent.

. Theft: down 6.1 percent.

. Auto theft: down 6.9 percent.

. Arson: up 6.4 percent.

Source: FBI's Preliminary Annual Uniform Crime Report for 2003.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 8, 2002 Monday
                                 Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 339 words


The rate of violent crime against Hispanics fell 56 percent over a seven-year
period in the 1990s and is now similar to that against whites, the government
reported yesterday.

The decrease for Hispanics coincided with a steep drop in violent crime against
all U.S. residents and against whites, blacks and American Indians, according to
the Justice Department's Bureau of Justice Statistics.

In 1993, the violent crime rate against Hispanics was closer to that for blacks,
who experienced 70 violent crimes per 1,000 people. But by 2000, it was closer
to that for whites, who experienced 27 violent crimes per 1,000 people.

There were 28 violent crimes per 1,000 Hispanics older than 11 in 2000, compared
with 63 in 1993, the report found. For other ethnic groups, the comparable 2000
figures were 34 per 1,000 for blacks, 52 per 1,000 for Indians and 8 per 1,000
for Asians.

SALT LAKE CITY -- As sexual abuse allegations surface against Roman Catholic
priests nationwide, the head of the Mormon church acknowledged child sexual
abuse within his church and condemned "the sordid and evil abuse."

"It is a most despicable and tragic and terrible thing," Gordon B. Hinckley said
Saturday night at the faith's 172nd semiannual General Conference. "I regret to
say that there has been some very limited expression of this monstrous evil
among us."

* GREENCASTLE, Ind. -- More than 300 DePauw University students were evacuated
when a fast-moving fire burned through a residence hall. No students were
injured, authorities said.

* NEW ORLEANS -- Strong wind stirred up four-foot waves that hampered cleanup as
workers tried to contain a 90,000-gallon crude oil spill off the southeast
Louisiana coast from a ruptured pipeline.

* CAPE CANAVERAL -- NASA fixed a ruptured fuel line and resumed the countdown
for liftoff of space shuttle Atlantis this afternoon, despite a forecast calling
for wind gusts of up to 35 mph. The wind is threatening to postpone the launch
and Atlantis's space station construction mission.

From news services

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 29, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

FBI Data Miss Hate Crimes, Watchdog Group Says;
Analysis Finds 50,000 a Year in U.S.;
Some States Do Not Participate Fully in Reporting

BYLINE: Darryl Fears, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 833 words


Over the past decade, the FBI has reported that about 8,000 hate crimes were
committed each year in the United States. But a watchdog group that monitors
such crimes says in an analysis released today that the FBI's data collection
method has routinely missed tens of thousands of cases.

The analysis, published by the Southern Poverty Law Center in Montgomery, Ala.,
concluded that the number of hate crimes was probably closer to 50,000 a year.
The reason for the discrepancy, a spokesman for the law center said, is that
participation in the FBI's annual Hate Crime Statistics report is voluntary, and
several states -- including Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi -- do not
participate fully.

"The overall numbers are virtually useless," said the spokesman, Mark Potok, who
also edited the analysis. "I think clearly we will not get a complete picture of
what happened in the wake of September 11th and attacks against members of the
Arab community. I think that's precisely the problem we're trying to address in
this report."

The FBI collects the data from local jurisdictions under the Hate Crime
Statistics Act, which was passed 10 years ago. At the time, then-President
George Bush said, "The faster we find out about these hideous crimes, the faster
we can track down the bigots who commit them."

But little money was allocated to train police officers to determine whether a
crime was fueled by hate. Law enforcement personnel in Wyoming, Texas, Alabama
and Wisconsin were dismissive of the law, according to the law center's report.

The report, which incorporates research commissioned by the Department of
Justice, cites several crimes that went unreported as hate crimes. Among them
were the fatal shooting in 1999 of Sasezley Richardson, a black 19-year-old who
lived in Indiana, in which the accused gunman allegedly sought membership in the
white supremacist Aryan Brotherhood, and the 1999 slaying of Billy Gaither, a
gay man who was beaten to death and set afire in Sylacauga, Ala.

The report also includes an incident in which a swastika was spray-painted on a
car in Oregon, Wis. "The family wasn't Jewish and it was a bunch of 18- and
19-year-olds and they were drunk and goofing around," the officer who handled
the case is quoted as saying.

"The problem with the reporting of hate crimes is far greater than originally
thought," said Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.), whose Law Enforcement
Enhancement Act, a proposed addendum to the hate crimes law, is awaiting debate
on the Senate floor. "Now more than ever, we need to give law enforcement the
tools and resources they need to both report and fight against these senseless
acts of hate and violence."

But the law center's findings are hardly news to the FBI, said Maryvictoria
Pyne, a spokeswoman for the FBI's Criminal Justice Information Services in
Clarksburg, W.Va., where hate-crime and other data are compiled for the Uniform
Crime Reporting program. Pyne said the law center's analysis relied heavily on a
survey commissioned by the Justice Department.

"I think the Justice Department is aware of the weaknesses in the program and
has been trying to correct them," Pyne said. "When I read Mark's comments that
the program is a wreck, I thought that when you're building a house, and you
look back on it when it's half-finished, you don't say it's a wreck."

Jim Nolan, a West Virginia University criminologist who helped compile the FBI
survey, agreed. "There's some work being done to figure that stuff out. What
tends to happen is people look at this program and say it's not working. But the
FBI had to define the crime, they had to train officers to do it, and they did
it with no money, and so 10 years later, they've built up a system that has the
potential to be a very good system."

An academic who studied the hate-crime statistics agreed with Potok that the
uneven reporting from state to state resulted in some odd findings. For example,
said Jack Levin, a Northeastern University professor of sociology and author of
"The Violence of Hate," crimes targeting blacks are the most frequent in every
year. At the same time, the FBI's reports say black perpetrators are more likely
to commit hate crimes than those from other racial categories.

"This, in my view, is an exaggeration that leads to the view that blacks
disproportionately commit hate crimes," Levin said. "Those states where blacks
are likely to be disproportionately targeted . . . are not reporting."

Jack McDevitt, an associate dean of Northeastern University's College of
Criminal Justice and co-author of the FBI survey, said that hate-crime reporting
had many problems but that the FBI deserved time to improve the effort.

"They were partnered with us throughout," he said. "They've instituted some
changes in how this stuff is supported since then. I think they saw that this
data isn't up to the standards that some of their other data statistics are. As
far as the organization goes, I've got nothing but support on this."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     August 7, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

Jobs, Crime Don't Fit Simple Equation

Peter Behr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F12

LENGTH: 660 words


The decline in the District's unemployment rate to 4.4 percent in June is of
Mark McGwire-Sammy Sosa proportions--so far beyond past performance that it
seems almost unbelievable.

The D.C. jobless rate for all of 1998 was exactly twice the June level, and
while the capital has had low unemployment before, the 4.4 percent figure has
been matched only once--in November 1988--in the 22 years that the Bureau of
Labor Statistics has been keeping score.

The dramatic improvement in the D.C. economy coincided with another crucial
benchmark that was improving equally remarkably--a crime rate that branded
Washington as a national "crime capital" in the early 1990s.

Measured by the FBI's Uniform Crime Reports data, the District's incidence of
serious crimes dropped by 10.7 percent from 1998 to 1999 at the same time that
the jobless rate was falling 2.5 percentage points.

Now, as the presidential campaign begins in earnest, we'll see how the two sides
interpret these measures, which have been repeated in a host of U.S. cities as
the nation's economic good times rolled on in the 1990s.

Vice President Gore's team is certain to point to safer streets as a direct
result of persistent economic strength that has required employers to look
deeper and deeper into the cities for new workers. A nationwide shortage of
workers has led to the hiring of people who were overlooked by employers,
including former welfare mothers, young minorities with little or no job
experience and adults with criminal records.

Some of Texas Gov. George W. Bush's allies are equally likely to argue that
safer streets are a result of tougher police work, such as the "zero tolerance"
measures adopted in New York and other places, or longer prison sentences.

A quick inspection of crime and jobless numbers in a dozen cities suggests that
clear patterns aren't easy to find. In the District, New York, Los Angeles and
Boston, unemployment has dropped faster than the crime rate. In Alexandria,
Richmond, Newark and Houston, the reverse has been true. And on the surface, at
least, there's no obvious numerical relationship.

But studies do show that the economy's climb has lasted long enough and gone far
enough to pull up some of the hardest-to-employ residents of poor communities,
said William M. Rodgers III, a College of William and Mary professor and
co-editor of a forthcoming book, "Prosperity for All?: The Economic Boom and
African Americans," published by the Russell Sage Foundation.

A report by Jared Bernstein and Ellen Houston of the Economic Policy Institute
said that about 30 percent of the improvement in crime rates from 1992 to 1997
could be linked to a stronger economy, Rodgers said.

"One of the positive features of this economy has been to lessen the incentive
to commit crimes," he said.

In the second half of the 1990s, as workers became more scarce, more jobs opened
up at first, then entry-level wages began to rise. Then the quality and future
potential of the jobs being offered to low-income people and marginal workers
began to improve.

"It's not just the wage, it's the opportunity," said Rodgers, who is on leave
from William and Mary to serve as the Labor Department's chief economist. The
national unemployment rate for African Americans 16 to 19 years old, including
those living in inner cities where crime is a daily threat as well, as those who
don't, was 25 percent in June. That more than double the rate for whites of the
same age and six times the rate for all Americans, but still a significant
improvement over the rate of 35 percent two years ago.

History clearly shows that if the economy weakens, those new job opportunities
for minorities and the poor are the most likely to evaporate. Then, how much
value will employers--and political parties--place in the human investment that
the nation's economic boom has created?

More Jobs, Safer Streets (This chart was not available)



LOAD-DATE: August 07, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, The Washington Post

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                             May 11, 2000, Thursday
                              Correction Appended

THE STATE; DURHAM CRIME CLIMBS 8 PERCENT; Greensboro crime index falls; rises
elsewhere

BYLINE: Compiled from staff and wire service reports

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 327 words


Major crime dropped 12 percent in Greensboro in 1999, but Durham's crime index
rose 8 percent, and it crept higher in Charlotte, Raleigh and Winston-Salem as
well, new FBI Uniform Crime Statistics show.

Raleigh and Winston-Salem each recorded 4 percent increases in their crime
indices, while Charlotte's was 2 percent higher, led by a 29 percent jump in
murders.

The crime index is the sum of a city's murders, forcible rapes, robberies,
aggravated assaults, burglaries, larceny-thefts, motor vehicle thefts and
arsons.

Changes in the cities' crime rates - measured in crimes per 100,000 people -
were similar to the swings in the crime index, except for Winston-Salem's, which
fell 2 percent. Greensboro's fell 12 percent; Durham's rose 7 percent; Raleigh,
1 percent higher; and Charlotte, no change.

Greensboro's major crimes total fell to 15,531 in 1999 from 17,653 the previous
year, led by a 24 percent drop in arsons; 14 percent decrease in burglaries; 13
percent drop in larcenies and thefts; 10 percent fewer aggravated assaults and a
5 percent drop in the city's murder and robbery rates.

There were 17 percent more forcible rapes in Greensboro during 1999, the
statistics showed.

Durham's 8 percent crime index increase was led by a 39 percent jump in
aggravated assaults, a 10 percent increase in larceny-thefts, a 7 percent
increase in robberies and 5 percent more burglaries, the figures showed. Durham
reported 53 percent fewer murders in 1999 than in 1998 - 14 compared with 30 -
and declines in arsons (17 percent), forcible rapes (16 percent) and motor
vehicle thefts (4 percent).

Raleigh's 4 percent jump resulted from 6 percent more burglaries and 5 percent
more larceny-thefts. There were 43 percent fewer murders and forcible rapes were
down 12 percent.

Murders increased from 65 to 84 in Charlotte, a 29 percent increase and one of
the reasons the city's crime index was 2 percent higher in 1999 than in 1998.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 12, 2000

CORRECTION: An Associated Press report in Thursday's Morning Star contained
inaccurate figures showing Durham's crime index rising. The index declined 1.5
percent.

                   Copyright 2000 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 June 12, 1996, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
Cracking down on crime family

BYLINE: From staff and our news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 961 words


Eighteen people were arrested and one remained at large in the crackdown on the
Genovese crime family. Among those charged was Liborio "Barney" Bellomo, who
allegedly took over as acting Genovese boss when Vincent "The Chin" Gigante was
indicted in 1991.

The charges "dealt a crippling blow" to the crime family, U.S. Attorney Mary Jo
White said.

The arrests resulted from a two-year investigation of the Genovese mob, which
solidified itself as the nation's most powerful family after Gambino crime
family leader John Gotti was imprisoned in 1992.

While investigators have dealt blows to the city's four other major crime
families, including the Gambino family, the Genovese family remained intact
partly by sticking to construction and labor racketeering schemes and avoiding
drug dealing, authorities say.

Gotti is serving a life sentence for planning the murder of his boss, Paul
Castellano, outside a Manhattan steakhouse in 1985.

MEDICINE Kevorkian strikes again

Less than a month after his latest court victory, Dr. Jack Kevorkian took part
in the suicide of a 69-year-old stroke-ridden widow who checked herself out of a
nursing home in Columbus, N.J., to seek his help. The death of Ruth Neuman in
Pontiac, Mich., was the 29th suicide Kevorkian has acknowledged assisting since
1990. Neuman died by inhaling carbon monoxide.

CRIME Simpson anniversary

Two years after the slayings of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman, the
victims' families still grieve as legal action drones on and more questions
about evidence handling dog police. To mark today's anniversary of the June 12,
1994, killings in Los Angeles, the Simpson family plans to attend a candlelight
vigil on the same seaside bluff at Dana Point where thousands gathered a year
ago. The memorial is intended to call attention to domestic violence.

Tax-free conviction

A man who passed out pamphlets about thwarting the IRS and boasted that he
hadn't paid income taxes for a decade was convicted of trying to bomb an IRS
office in Reno, Nev. The bomb turned out to be a dud. Joseph Bailie, 41, faces
up to 50 years in prison. Sentencing was set for Sept. 6. The bomb, left in a
parking lot at the IRS building on Dec. 17, consisted of about 100 pounds of
fertilizer and kerosene. It was supposed to have been triggered by a fuse and a
blasting cap, but a key component fizzled.

Trying to collect

Lawyers for the man left brain-damaged by New York subway gunman Bernhard Goetz
may start collecting whatever they can toward a $ 43 million judgment against
Goetz, said U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Cornelius Blackshear. All sides agree that
Darrell Cabey, one of four black teens Goetz, 48, shot on a subway train in
1984, probably will never collect all the money. But Cabey's lawyers say they'll
take whatever they can, even if it means watching Goetz's actions for the rest
of his life.

POLITICS Clinton in California

In an election-year pitch to parents, President Clinton promised to summon
entertainment industry leaders to the White House and urge them to dedicate at
least three hours a week to educational children's TV programming. Speaking at a
community college in Glendale, Calif., Clinton also promoted his proposal to
offer a $ 1,500-a-year refundable tax credit to help students pay for two years
of college. Clinton's 40-hour California visit included fund-raisers netting
about $ 2.5 million for the Democratic National Committee.

A feeble handshake

Frank MacConnell, the New Hampshire resident who last June prompted a celebrated
handshake between President Clinton and House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) over
reforming political fund-raising, went to Washington to demand that they keep
their promise. The former machine tool company worker who calls himself a "very
conservative Democrat" blamed Gingrich more than Clinton for the failure to act,
citing efforts by the prosident to follow up. "Newt Gingrich has done absolutely
nothing," MacConnell said.

D'Amato and ethics

A private watchdog group, Congressional Accountability Project, lodged an ethics
complaint against Sen. Alfonse D'Amato, saying the New York Republican should be
investigated for receiving special treatment from a broker that turned him a $
37,000 profit on a one-day stock deal. D'Amato issued a statement calling the
ethics filing "nothing but politics. It's obvious people are trying to embarrass
me."

Fight on mental health

Sen. Pete Domenici, a New Mexico Republican, appears to have lost his highly
emotional battle to require insurance plans to offer lifetime payments for
severe mental health illnesses that match coverage for physical ailments. The
proposal was dropped from a compromise health insurance bill. Domenici has a
daughter who suffers from schizophrenia.

I love her, but . . .

Rep. Sonny Bono says he loves his lesbian daughter, Chastity Bono, and respects
gay people, but he just can't accept the idea of gay marriage right now. Bono, a
California Republican, supports a controversial bill introduced last month by
Rep. Bob Barr (R-Ga.) that would define marriage in federal law as the legal
union of one man and one woman. Opponents have denounced the bill as
discriminatory. The House Judiciary Committee is expected to vote on the bill
today.

ETC. Fatal obsession

A 13-year-old Wisconsin boy found dead with duct tape wrapped around his head
apparently accidentally suffocated. His family told police the boy was
"obsessed" with tape and had frequently wrapped G.I. Joe and Barbie dolls with
it. An uncle found Michael Olson's body in the woods near his home in Eau
Claire. The boy's entire head was wrapped in a large quantity of duct tape, and
a roll of tape was found next to him.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Reference note: In the brief titled, "A feeble handshake" below, the
word "president" was misspelled.

GRAPHIC: Photo: Erupting in flames after what witnesses said was a lightning
 strike, a fuel tank at the Shell Oil storage facility in Woodbridge,
 N.J., burns Tuesday. / CHARLES REX ARBOGAST / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 22, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

Clinton Charges Bush With Inaction on Crime;
Democrat Assails Promises on Death Penalty

E. J. Dionne Jr., Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A12

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, April 21, 1992


Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton today charged President Bush with using promises to
expand the death penalty as a substitute for real measures to fight crime and
called on Democrats to take the issue of safe streets back from the Republicans.

During a campaign visit to a once drug-infested neighborhood here, Clinton moved
to preempt what has been a powerful Republican issue for a quarter century by
promising expanded federal help for neighborhood-based policing, drug treatment
on demand and alternatives to imprisonment for first-time offenders.

Responding to questions about the execution today of Robert Alton Harris in
California, Clinton said he supported capital punishment under "appropriate
circumstances" at the state and federal levels.

But he argued that the issue was mainly "a question that each state will have to
decide" and charged that Republicans had backed away from the federal
government's main crime-fighting responsibility, which was to provide assistance
to "the states -- and the local law enforcement officials -- where 90 percent of
the work is done."

"We live in a very violent country in a very violent time," Clinton said at a
street corner news conference a block from the Roberto Clemente Playground,
which had once been the site of an open-air drug market. "President Bush has
used an expansion of the death penalty as a cover for actually weakening the
partnership of the federal government in the fight against crime."

The Republicans, he said, "say one thing and do another" by promising to curb
crime and then cutting back on federal anti-crime programs. Clinton said crime
would not be reduced "with some magic wand" but only through painstaking effort
"block by block, crack house by crack house, neighborhood by neighborhood."

Although he was campaigning here for next Tuesday's primary, Clinton's remarks
underscored the turn he is trying to make toward a general election style
campaign against Bush.

His comments were significant as a sign that the likely Democratic nominee
intends to take the offensive on an issue where Democrats have usually played
defense. George Stephanopoulos, Clinton's deputy campaign manager, said that
after 12 years of Republican control of the White House, it was time for
Democrats to hold Republicans accountable for rising crime rates.

"You can only come back in so many campaigns and say, 'It's not our fault,' "
Stephanopoulos said.

But when asked why Republicans had been so successful in using the crime issue,
Clinton took his own party to task -- and in the process returned to some of the
heretical themes he had played down over the last six weeks in search for
Democratic primary votes.

Clinton said that "Democrats have felt uncomfortable too often in national
elections in talking about anything other than the economic circumstances of the
country being responsible for rising crime rates."

While poverty did breed crime, Clinton said, "that is not enough to say, because
crime violates our basic values as a society, because a lot of poor people live
in this neighborhood and all over this country and they don't commit crime. They
get up and do what's right every day, in spite of the fact that they're poor.

"There's a way to be tough and smart on crime," Clinton added, "without denying
that there are social and economic conditions which make crime more likely for
people who are deprived."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 1, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

'The legendary Roy Orbison';
Take a bite out of crime

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 90 words


'The Legendary Roy Orbison' ... a four CD/four cassette set with a 32-page
booklet, is out today on CBS Records. The collection features 75 recordings from
1956 through 1985, including Orbison's first release, 'Trying to Get to You.'

Take a bite out of crime ...  with McGruff the Crime Dog, celebrating the 10th
anniversary of his crime prevention campaign. A free booklet of McGruff's tips
is available from the National Crime Prevention Council. Write to: The McGruff
Files, Dept. A, 1 Prevention Way, Washington, D.C. 20539.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Tip-Off

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 28, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Anatomy of a Murder Scene

BYLINE: By James Nachtwey;    James Nachtwey's photographs of Rwanda and South
Africa have appeared in the Magazine. Robin Pogrebin is a reporter on the
metropolitan staff of The Times.

SECTION: Section 6;   Page 42;   Column 1;   Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 393 words


STATISTICS NOTWITHSTANDING, THERE IS STILL NO SHORTAGE OF violent crime in New
York and, therefore, no shortage of crime scenes. The Crime Scene Unit of the
Police Department's detective bureau is the largest of its kind in the country,
and the busiest. Based in the Bronx, the unit responded to about 3,000 calls for
assistance last year, many of them involving murders; a few C.S.U. detectives
were even enlisted to help investigate the Oklahoma City bombing. Some of the
unit's 78 detectives and supervisors have also been trained as serologists,
entomologists, embalmers, architects and engineers -- the better to determine
just how a murder was committed and, consequently, who committed it.

As the sirens and spectators recede, C.S.U. detectives stay behind for as long
as 14 hours, logging every piece of potential evidence. This is vital work even
in a case where a suspect is identified at the outset, for a conviction (as all
of America now knows) will depend on a sound presentation of the evidence.
C.S.U. detectives have carried away items as unwieldy as a chunk of Manhattan
asphalt, as minuscule as half a strand of hair, as insubstantial as a tiny
puddle of body fluids. A "deformed" bullet -- one that has been fired -- is
particularly valuable, a fingerprint even more precious. "Eyewitnesses can
forget, confessions can be recanted," says Deputy Inspector Phil T. Pulaski, the
commanding officer of the forensic investigations division, which includes the
C.S.U. "Fingerprints don't lie." It was the print lifted from a can of gasoline
that helped solve the 1993 case in which a Molotov cocktail was thrown into the
cab of a fire truck in Washington Heights, injuring several firemen. In another
case, a fingerprint from a windowpane helped solve the murder of a rabbi's wife
in Brooklyn in 1994.

The Crime Scene Unit isn't for every police officer. It takes a certain
obsession with detail, and some cops just don't want to work around corpses
every day. Still, the unit is a prized assignment. "I feel like I died and went
to heaven," says Detective Kurtis G. Harris, a C.S.U. member since 1991. "We're
basically involved with the chase, the hunt. And it's rewarding when you come up
with results." Some of Harris's work is catalogued on the following pages, a
case study of a crime scene from a barroom killing in Harlem.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Det. Ed Wallace encounters the victim of a fatal burning in a
Bronx housing project. (pg. 42); After a shootout in Harlem, plastic numbers
show where the bullets fell. A barroom shooting in West Harlem. The Crime Scene
Unit gets to work. . . . (pg. 43); 1. The scene of the crime: Sportsman's bar at
2314 12th Avenue in West Harlem. The corpse is that of Nick Vellucci, an owner,
who was shot in the head three times by his partner, Tony Jorge, during an
argument. Jorge has claimed self-defense. 2. Det. Kurt Harris (with camera), and
another detective document the position of the corpse, the location of the gun
and the angle of the bullet holes in Vellucci's head, all of which will help
determine what actually happened. 4. The other gun, a revolver (foreground), is
probably the murder weapon. (Both guns are believed to be Jorge's.) Detectives
package the guns and any ballistics evidence to send to the police lab for
further analysis. 5. A police officer removes the victim's jewelry. A knife was
also found near Vellucci's body, which Jorge could use to bolster his claim of
self-defense. But C.S.U. detectives must determine whether the knife was placed
there after the murder. (pg. 44); 3. C.S.U. detectives sometimes need laser
equipment to obtain fingerprints; more often, the old-fashioned feather duster
and powder do the job. The automatic handgun that Harris is dusting is one of
two guns found at the scene. 6. The victim's hands have been wrapped in brown
paper bags to preserve trace evidence like skin tissue or clothing fiber. The
case later goes to the Manhattan District Attorney's office, which charges Jorge
with second-degree murder. He is now awaiting trial. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY JAMES
NACHTWEY/MAGNUM, FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (pg. 45)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 2, 1987, Monday, Late City Final Edition

LAWS TO CURB BIAS ATTACKS WEIGHED

BYLINE: By SCOTT BRONSTEIN

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 685 words


In the wake of the racial attack in Howard Beach, Queens, city and state
officials are proposing laws and procedures to try to deter such crimes, to
better aid the victims and to keep a more accurate count of the number of
incidents.

With those efforts, New York is joining several other states that have developed
criminal penalties for ''hate crimes'' and have made it easier for a victim to
sue an assailant on the basis of prejudice underlying an incident.

Governor Cuomo's administration is drafting a civil rights measure that would
establish penalties criminals would face if it could be proven that their crimes
were motivated by bias. Whether such a statute would create a new civil offense
or would simply increase the penalties for existing criminal offenses is still
being discussed.

In addition, both the Cuomo and Koch administrations are preparing legislation
that would require police departments to report any bias-related crimes to one
state agency, perhaps the State Division of Criminal Justice Services in Albany.


New City Efforts

New York City already has an antibias unit within the Police Department that
investigates crimes motivated by prejudice, but the unit does not report its
findings to any state agency and few other police departments in the state keep
such figures.

The Mayor's office has also approved money for an antibias unit within the
city's Human Rights Commission. That unit would go into communities where
bias-related crimes have occurred to try to reduce tensions.

And Mr. Koch recently appointed an advisory council on community relations that
will be headed by Bishop Joseph M. Sullivan of the Roman Catholic Diocese of
Brooklyn.

The legislation being drafted by Cuomo administration officials is being
reviewed by the State Attorney General's office. But sources close to the
drafting of the bill say it would probably create stiffer penalties for crimes
motivated by bias.

'Rips at the Fabric of Society'

The state's Human Rights Commissioner, Douglas H. White, said current state laws
do not go far enough to penalize criminals where a motive of bias is determined
to exist.

Mr. White, who also heads the Governor's Task Force on Bias Related Violence,
which is also reviewing the legislation, said a crime motivated by bias is worse
than other crimes.

''That kind of crime is obviously worse, because it rips at the fabric of
society in a way that an ordinary crime wouldn't do,'' Mr. White said. ''It
divides communities. The bias element gives it bigger proportions.''

In Pennsylvania, a law enacted in 1983 increased the penalties for a crime
''committed with malicious intention toward the race, color, religion or
national origin'' of another person.

In one incident last fall, several people were arrested for burning a cross on
the property of a black family near Harrisburg.

Before the creation of Pennsylvania's ethnic intimidation law, that would have
been a criminal charge of mischief and would have carried a maximum penalty of
90 days in jail and a $300 fine, officials said.

''Now the law raises the punishment to a third-degree misdemeanor, which has a
maximum sentence of one year in prison and a $2,500 fine,'' said Richard B.
Anliot, coordinator of the Pennsylvania inter-agency task force on civil
tension.

The law, Mr. Anliot said, also allows a victim of such crimes to file a civil
lawsuit against an assailant.

The proposal for statewide data collection in New York is modeled on laws that
were passed in Maryland in 1981 and in Pennsylvania in October. In those states,
all crimes determined by law-enforcement officials to be motivated by racial or
ethnic bias must be reported and data must be collected and kept in one
centralized location.

Many New York state and city officials say a similar law is needed here.

''We need to know the levels of anti-black behavior, anti-Semitic behavior,
anti-gay behavior, or other similar hate behavior,'' said Jeremy Travis, a
special adviser to Mayor Koch. ''As a society, it's important for us to be able
to track the levels of bias throughout the state.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Douglas H White (NYT)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 22, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Study Says Young Men and Boys Are Most Likely Victims of Crime

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 46, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 174 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, March 21


The most frequent victims of violent crimes are not elderly women but young men
and boys, a University of Southern California study says.

An analysis of Federal crime statistics by LaMar Empey, a professor of sociology
at the university, said that boys and young men ranging in age from 16 to 19
were the most likely victims of crimes of violence and theft. Close behind them
in the crime statistics are 12 to 15-year-old boys.

''The public perception of crime is of an elderly lady being assaulted by young
hoods,'' Professor Empey said. ''Actually, the likelihood that a person will be
the victim of crime decreases sharply as one ages.''

Professor Empey, who based his study on crime statistics from 1977, said the
rate of violent crimes against people 65 or over was eight per thousand. The
rate for 12 to 15-year-old boys was seven times higher, 57 per thousand, and
rose to 69 per thousand for 16-@ to 19-year-old youths.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

Oakland Tribune editorial: California should limit the Three Strikes Law

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune editorial

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 462 words


THE RECENT U.S. Supreme Court ruling mandating that California reduce its prison
population by 30,000, along with the high cost of incarceration, has put
pressure on state officials to find ways to lower the number of inmates.

Also, public attitudes toward sentencing are changing largely because of the
state's budget crunch. Most Californians would rather see their tax dollars
spent on education than prisons.

As a result, public support for the state's Three Strikes Law is waning. In a
Los Angeles Times poll, 60 percent of respondents said they would support
reducing life sentences for prisoners whose third strike was for a property
crime or theft.

This change of attitude opens the door for needed reform of Three Strikes.

While a 1996 California Supreme Court ruling on the law gave both judges and
district attorneys discretion on whether to apply the Three Strikes Law, there
are still many convicts serving long or even life terms for a second or third
nonserious/nonviolent crime.

Nearly half of the 40,000-plus inmates serving time in state prison for a second
or third strike did not commit a serious or violent crime.

The law needs to be reformed to limit second and third strikes to
serious/violent crimes. California then would be able to reduce its prison
population by several thousand inmates. That would not solve the overcrowding
situation by itself, but it would be a significant step in the right direction
without endangering public safety.

A study by Robert Parker, a professor at UC Riverside, concluded that
California's Three Strikes Law has had little or nothing to do with the state's
decreasing violent crime rate.

He found that crime patterns in California and other states with similar laws
were no different from violent crime rates in states without such laws.

There is another problem with Three Strikes besides its questionable impact on
crime rates. It is applied quite differently from county to county.

In San Diego, Los Angeles and Riverside counties, second- and third-strike
arrest rates are several times greater than in Contra Costa, Alameda and San
Francisco counties.

This discrepancy is largely because of district attorneys' and judges'
discretion on when to apply the Three Strikes Law. If the law were limited to
serious/violent crimes, it is likely that the discrepancy would be sharply
reduced.

Also, the state would be able to save hundreds of millions of dollars a year and
still keep dangerous criminals behind bars.

We believe Three Strikes can serve a useful purpose in giving long sentences to
those who repeatedly commit serious and violent crimes. But it makes little
sense from an economic, fairness or public safety viewpoint to incarcerate
someone for decades or life for a second or third nonserious, nonviolent crime.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The manned guard tower over looks the entry to Calipatria State Prison.
The Prison is surrounded with an electric fence. (Paul Kitagaki Jr./Sacramento
Bee)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                WGN-TV, Chicago

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 27, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: Study: Rockford 9th dangerous U.S. city

BYLINE: WGN-TV, Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 193 words


May 27--ROCKFORD, Ill. -- Rockford, Illinois is the ninth most dangerous city in
the United States.

A new study by 24/7 Wall St. ranked the cities using 2010 FBI crime data.

The list:

1. Flint, Michigan

2. Detroit, Michigan

3. St. Louis

4. New Haven, Connecticut

5. Memphis, Tennessee

6. Oakland, California

7. Little Rock, Arkansas

8. Baltimore, Maryland

9. Rockford, Illinois

10. Stockton, California

Rockford Has a population of 156,180 and 14.5 violent crimes per 1,000 citizens.

The town's median income is 26 percent below the national average at $36,990.

The unemployment rate there is 13.3 percent, which is 4.3 percent above the
national average.

24/7 Wall St. analyzed 10 cities with populations over 100,000 and the highest
crime numbers.

The group made their list by compiling the number of crimes per thousand people.

Those numbers were stacked against unemployment rates and median income.

To see more of WGN-TV, go to http://www.wgntv.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, WGN-TV,
Chicago Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110527-5TB-BRF-Study-Rockford-9th-dangerous-U-S-city-0527-20110527

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5TB


                                 Copyright 2011


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 24, 2011 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Despite economy, crime falls in St. Louis and U.S. With inflation low, demand
for stolen goods falls, criminologist speculates.

BYLINE: BY JENNIFER MANN o jmann@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8315

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: 0


ST. LOUIS - A decline in crime in St. Louis last year outpaced a national drop
announced Monday by the FBI - both reflecting a trend that a top criminologist
here said defied some long-held presumptions.

Common sense would suggest that hard economic times spawn more crime by people
whose desperation might drive them to steal.

But Richard Rosenfeld, a criminologist with the University of Missouri-St.
Louis, said the new numbers should bring researchers back to the drawing board.

One thing he is studying is whether inflation is a more accurate barometer.

While past recessions have been marked by unemployment, reduced income growth
and a significant increase in inflation, this time was different.

Inflation has been at historic lows which, Rosenfeld suggested, may be the key
factor for a very simple reason: When prices are low, demand for goods is down -
including the demand for stolen goods.

"I think the role of inflation is very much a matter of the dynamics of
underground markets," he said. "Those markets tend to expand as prices increase,
and they tend to contract when prices are stable or coming down.

"Those of us doing this research probably should have been emphasizing inflation
long ago," he said.

"It makes some sense - and may make a little more sense than the relationship
commonly described between unemployment and crime."

Rosenfeld said that was because inflation, unlike unemployment, affects the
entire population, not just those who have lost jobs. And it has an immediate
impact.

Nationally, both violent and property crimes were down - 5.5 percent and 2.8
percent, respectively - in 2010 compared with 2009. The numbers were
self-reported by 13,007 law enforcement agencies across the country.

Monday's report includes only national and regional figures, and cities of
100,000 or more.

In St. Louis, violent crime was down 15.6 percent, and property crime was down
7.7 percent.

When the city numbers were first announced in January, Police Chief Dan Isom
said they showed the city was "headed in the right direction."

He acknowledged then that the improvement was cold comfort to victims, and he
used the moment to criticize the "no snitch" culture that makes crimes so hard
to solve.

Nationally, murders declined 4.4 percent. Cities with populations of 250,000 to
499,999 saw a rise of 3 percent.

One notable anomaly was New York City, which saw its homicide rate spike by 14
percent. In St. Louis, there were 144 murders - up one from 2009.

In other parts of Missouri, Columbia saw violent crimes increase by 5.8 percent
and property crimes drop by 2.3 percent. In Springfield, violent crimes climbed
by 10.9 percent, and property crimes increased by 8.6 percent.

Comparisons with the previous year were not available for Kansas City or
Independence, or for the major cities in Illinois, because of how they reported
their statistics in 2009.

St. Louis crime statistics

Category 2010 2009 Pct. change

Violent crime 6,205 7,353 -15.6

Murder 144 143 +0.7

Forcible rape 188 250 -24.8

Robbery 2,125 2,721 -22

Agg. assault 3,748 4,239 -11.6

Property crime 27,324 29,595 -7.7

Burglary 6,705 6,834 -1.9

Larceny 16,356 17,799 -8.1

Vehicle theft 4,263 4,962 -14.1

Arson 250 256 -2.3

Source: St. Louis police as reported to FBI

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            November 24, 2008 Monday
                                 First Edition

FBI finds attacks against Latinos on the rise

BYLINE: Sumathi Reddy

SECTION: A:DAILY CAMERA; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 473 words


McClatchy News Service

NEW YORK -- In a Pennsylvania coal mining town last July, four high school
football players were accused of shouting ethnic slurs at a Mexican immigrant
before a brawl erupted and Luis Ramirez, 25, was killed.

Three of the teens were charged with ethnic intimidation, and the attack became
part of a growing category of crimes reported in the U.S.: hate attacks against
Hispanics.

Attacks on Hispanics grew

40 percent from 2003 to 2007, outpacing the estimated 16 percent increase in the
Hispanic population in the U.S., according to FBI statistics. Over the same time
period, the total number of hate-crime incidents reported nationwide has
remained steady.

"We do know from reports and from hate-group activity that there's a new focus
on the Latino and immigrant populations," said Randy Blazak, director of the
Hate Crimes Research Network at Portland State University in Oregon.

Since 2004, Blazak said, Ku Klux Klan rhetoric has take an "incredible shift
from anti-black diatribes" toward hatred directed at Latinos.

Experts say the increase in violence targeting Hispanics nationally is likely
even larger because hate crimes are underreported, especially in immigrant
communities where residents have an inherent distrust of law enforcement
agencies. They caution, however, that the FBI statistics are drawn from local
law enforcement agencies, which have widely disparate standards for

labeling crimes as hate crimes.

Seven Patchogue-Medford High School students are accused in the fatal attack on
Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero on Nov. 8, a death that has been classified
as a bias crime. Nassau and Suffolk counties have both reported substantial
decreases in hate crimes against Hispanics in recent years.

Mark Potok, head of the intelligence project at the Southern Poverty Law Center
in Montgomery, Ala., a nonprofit

organization that combats discrimination and bias crimes, said there has been a
sharp increase in the number of groups the organization labels as "hate groups,"
rising from 602 in 2000 to 888 last year.

"Our analysis is that the growth of these groups was driven almost entirely by
their exploitation of the immigration issue," Potok said, referring to the
contentious debate over the nation's porous borders and the number of
nonresident immigrants in the United States.

The increase in hate crimes

targeting Latinos, experts said, can be largely attributed to the declining
economy, which has led to fierce job competition, as well as anti-immigrant
rhetoric.

Jack Levin, a criminologist at Northeastern University in Boston, predicted the
climate nationally will only get worse.

"I think you will see that hate crimes against Latinos will be on the rise for
the next few years," he said. "You can see this throughout history. Every time
the economy sours, we blame the newcomers."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                     January 19, 2008 Saturday 5:51 PM  EST

'CRIME MAPPING CAN BE EFFECTIVE BY USING GPS SYSTEM'

BYLINE: Report from The Pioneer brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Jan. 19 -- Crime mapping can be used effectively by using the GPS system
for dealing with criminal activities across the world, said US-based crime
mapping expert Professor Keith Harries on Friday. Pr Harries is in the capital
for participating in the 31st All India Criminology conference at the National
Law Institute University. He also informed that they were pursuing a special
project on terrorism in Turkey these days.

Elaborating the crime mapping system, Keith Harries, Professor at UMBC
University Maryland USA, Department of Geography Environmental Systems said " We
put the crime information in the video graphic form expand it further by
analysis to produce geographical enabled data for an specific area". He added
that the crime analysts do the expansion of information to produce special
analysis maps. GIS helps crime analysis in many ways, the foremost use is to
visualise crime occurrences. This allows law enforcement agencies to understand
where crime is occurring as well as determine if there are any patterns, he
added.

He further added that crime mapping might be useful in resource allocation for
law enforcement agencies like police. He cited the example of Baltimore city
where police used crime mapping to efficiently appoint patrol parties where they
are needed most at any particular time of the day. He also informed about the
weekly COMSTAT sessions at New York City Police Department. COMSTAT, a crime
-mapping tool that enables officers to view the crime pattern in the city with
the help of graphics. He cited an example that how they used crime mapping to
safeguard high school girls against sex offenders in US.

The system helped to define the location of high schools and residential areas
of the sex offenders living near by. Informing the use of system for
anticipating crimes, he said that police successfully arrested a gang of robbers
who were once looting shops in Baltimore market. Police studied the locations of
robbed shops in the similar area to anticipate the next target. Pr Harries said
that at present they were using the Geographical Information System and the
accepted that it might be used to greater effect by adding the Geographical
Positioning System technology in the police patrol vehicles.

Discussing the terrorism, he said that they were pursuing special project in
Turkey, in which they are trying to find similarities between the Psyche of
normal criminals and terrorists to devise ways for fighting this menace. He was
a bit surprised when got informed about the recent school shootout incidents in
India. He said that for preventing these incidents the students with mental
disorders should be given special care. He added that ensuring proper security
system at schools is equally important.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Pioneer.

-570482

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             June 13, 2006 Tuesday

Violent crime down in Pittsburgh

LENGTH: 570 words


Violent crime, on the rise almost everywhere else, declined last year in the
city of Pittsburgh.

FBI statistics Monday confirmed what cities such as Philadelphia, Houston,
Cleveland and Las Vegas have seen on the streets: Violent crime in the United
States is rising, with its biggest one-year increase since 1991.

Statistics, however, show violent crime is down nearly 10 percent in Pittsburgh,
mostly because of an almost 22 percent decline in the number of aggravated
assaults reported.

In Philadelphia, homicides jumped from 330 in 2004 to 377 in 2005, a 14 percent
increase, according to the FBI. Murders climbed by 23 percent, from 272 to 334,
in Houston, and from 131 to 144 in Las Vegas, a 10 percent increase.

The number of murders also rose in Pittsburgh.

Statistics show 63 homicides were reported in the city in 2005, compared with 46
in 2004 -- a nearly 37 percent increase.

Murders also were up in other Pennsylvania cities. There were six murders in
Erie in 2005, compared with one in 2004. Twenty-one people were slain last year
in Allentown, 10 more than in 2004.

Nationally, murders rose 4.8 percent, with more than 16,900 victims in 2005.
That would be the most since 1998 and the largest percentage increase in 15
years.

Jeffrey Sedgwick, director of the U.S. Justice Department's Bureau of Justice
Statistics, cautioned that it is not yet clear whether the FBI numbers reflect a
real increase or the ordinary year-to-year variations that statisticians call
"static noise."

Sedgwick said it is possible that crime rates in the United States are
approaching a floor below which it may be difficult or even impossible to go.
"I'm not sure it's reasonable to expect you can always drive the crime rate
down," he said.

Some criminal justice experts said the statistics reflect the nation's
complacency in fighting crime. Crime dropped dramatically during the 1990s, and
some cities have since abandoned effective programs that emphasized prevention,
the putting of more cops on the street and controls on the spread of guns.

"We see that budgets for policing are being slashed, and the federal government
has gotten out of that business," said James Alan Fox, a criminal justice
professor at Northeastern University in Boston. Still, Fox said, "We're still
far better off than we were during the double-digit crime inflation we saw in
the 1970s."

There were more than 350 fewer violent crimes in Pittsburgh last year, solely
attributed to the drastic drop in the number of aggravated assault cases.

There were 1,588 cases aggravated assaults reported in 2005, down from the 1,992
reported in 2004.

Other violent crimes rose in the city last year. There were 117 rapes, compared
with 99 the year before. There also was a slight increase in robberies, 1,617 in
2005, 15 more than in 2004.

Property crime also increased in the city because of the increase in
larceny-theft cases. There were 10,337 thefts in the city last year, compared
with 9,841 the year before.

Burglaries, motor vehicle thefts and arsons were down, however.

There were 3,018 burglaries reported last year, 27 fewer than in 2004; 2,273
stolen vehicles reported, 119 fewer than the year before; and 55 arson cases,
down from the 87 reported in 2004.

The overall national increase in violent crime was modest, 2.5 percent, which
equates to more than 1.4 million crimes. Nevertheless, that was the largest
percentage increase since 1991.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  July 21, 2001 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

ASHCROFT UNVEILS PLAN TO BATTLE CYBERCRIME NINE NEW COMPUTER CRIME UNITS LOCATED
AROUND THE COUNTRY WOULD BE RESPONSIBLE FOR PROSECUTING FEDERAL VIOLATIONS
RANGING FROM HACKING TO STEALING TRADE SECRETS.

BYLINE: HOWARD MINTZ, Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 589 words


Choosing the fight against cybercrime as one of his first initiatives, U.S.
Attorney General John Ashcroft huddled with Silicon Valley executives Friday and
announced a new national program for prosecuting digital thieves and hackers.

Ashcroft, stressing the Bush administration's commitment to cracking down on
crime in cyberspace, said he was establishing nine new computer crime units
around the country to prosecute federal violations ranging from hacking to
stealing trade secrets. The units will be modeled after a program established in
the Bay Area last year by San Francisco U.S. Attorney Robert Mueller III, the
nominee for FBI director, who was by Ashcroft's side on Friday.

"These new teams will prosecute vigorously those responsible for cybercrime,"
Ashcroft said at a news conference at VeriSign in Mountain View, shortly after
holding a round-table discussion with valley executives and law enforcement
officials. "There are no free passes in cyberspace."

Valley executives, who historically have been skeptical of federal law
enforcement's role in combating high-tech crime, have heard pitches like
Ashcroft's numerous times over the years. In fact, former Attorney General Janet
Reno last year made two trips to the valley to declare war on high-tech crime,
one during a cybercrime summit at Stanford University's law school.

Ashcroft's new computer crime program is unlikely to result in major changes for
federal law enforcement in the Bay Area, because a specialized unit, based in
San Jose, already has been up and running here for a year and a half. The unit
has generated an increasing number of computer crime-relatedprosecutions, after
years in which federal prosecutors and the FBI have been criticized in the Bay
Area for bringing few indictments for crimes against the tech industry.

Ashcroft declined to comment on the most recent Bay Area high-tech indictment,
involving the controversial arrest of a Russian software programmer accused of
writing a program that unlocked an electronic book reader developed by San
Jose-based Adobe.

Mueller did discuss a number of computer security and cooperation issues with
executives, venture capitalists and lobbyists during a private session.
Ashcroft's visit, and his plan to replicate Mueller's high-tech program around
the country, could be a sign of Mueller's influence if, as expected, he is
confirmed as FBI director.

"You can see Mueller's imprint on it," said Santa Clara County District Attorney
George Kennedy, who attended the private session with Ashcroft and Mueller.
"It's good they are focusing on it, and that it's one of the first things"
Ashcroft is doing.

The localities that will get new computer crime units, and additional
prosecutors, are Los Angeles, San Diego, Seattle, Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, New
York, Brooklyn, N.Y., and Alexandria, Va. The units will work out of the U.S.
Attorney's office in each jurisdiction.

In addition to Kennedy, other local law enforcement officials took part in the
private meeting, including San Jose police Chief William Landsdowne. Executives
from a range of companies, including eBay, Cylink and 3Com, also participated in
the discussion.

Ashcroft urged valley companies to report computer intrusions and other crimes,
something executives have often been reluctant to do.

"The failure to reach out to law enforcement when cybercrime strikes can leave
businesses vulnerable," the attorney general said. "The failure to report crime
leaves the criminal free to strike again."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: JULIE JACOBSON -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
U.S. law enforcement officials and Silicon Valley executives join Attorney
General John Ashcroft at the news conference Friday.
PHOTO: JULIE JACOBSON -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
U.S. Attorney General
John Ashcroft answers questions on his
cybercrime initiative.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                            June 12, 1997, Thursday
                               Correction Appended

AREA STILL ONE OF THE BEST PLACES TO LIVE; RISING TO THE TOP

BYLINE: SUZIE SCHOTTELKOTTE The Ledger

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 516 words


LAKELAND -- The Lakeland/Winter Haven area slipped Wednesday from No. 10 to No.
14 in Money magazine's annual survey of the best places to live in America, but
community leaders in Lakeland and Winter Haven still hailed the ranking.

"That's almost as good as 10," said Winter Haven Mayor Charles Cone. "I think
it's great that of the 300 best places to live, we've stayed up at the top."

Polk County's strong housing market, falling crime rate and steady job growth
preserved its placement in the Top 20 while other communities, like Naples,
Tampa/St. Petersburg and Fort Myers, tumbled in the listing.

"This speaks very highly of our area and backs up what we've been saying all
along," said Kathleen Sperry, president of the Lakeland Area Chamber of
Commerce. "It would be nice to stay in the Top 10, but we didn't slip too much,
and that's good."

Nashua, N.H., bumped Madison, Wis., for the top ranking. Nashua had been No. 1
in 1987, but that was before the city's economy faltered amid rising
unemployment. A surge of high-tech jobs in the last seven years has brought
Nashua's unemployment rate down to 2.4 percent.

With three cities among the Top 10, including Portsmouth and Manchester, New
Hampshire is as well-represented as Florida.

But the similarities end there. Among the Top 20 communities on the list, eight
are in Florida. No other state has more than three.

Florida's highest-ranking city is Punta Gorda at No. 4, followed by Jacksonville
at No. 9, Fort Walton Beach at No. 10, Gainesville at No. 12, Fort Lauderdale at
No. 15, West Palm Beach at No. 17 and Orlando at No. 18.

The listing, published in Money's July issue, examines 300 communities based on
nine categories, including crime, housing, employment, education, health and
leisure.

In the survey, 504 Money magazine subscribers identified what factors they
consider important to a community. Money then used statistical information from
several sources to evaluate 300 communities nationwide. Using that data, Money
determined which cities best reflect the standards identified by the readers.

Among the key criteria listed this year were low crime, clean water and air,
good schools and inexpensive living.

Polk's crime rates are lower than in 1996, but remain higher than the national
average. A year ago, Polk experienced 7,469 property crimes for every 100,000
residents. This year, that fell to 6,953. Violent crime mirrored that decline,
falling from 864 to 807 for every 100,000 residents.

A surge in housing construction across Polk County coupled with a 6.3 percent
increase in home values gave Polk County an edge over the national average, but
that gain was mitigated by a 6.9 percent unemployment rate, compared with 5.3
percent nationwide. A year ago, Polk's unemployment rate totaled 6.1 percent.

The Lakeland/Winter Haven area hasn't been among the top 15 in Money magazine's
annual ranking of the 300 best places in the country to live.  Here's how Polk
County has ranked since 1993:

YEARRank

199714

199610

199541

199447

1993133

SOURCE: Money Magazine

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 13, 1997

CORRECTION:

A story published Thursday on Page A1 stated that Money magazine used statistics
showing a decrease in Polk County's crime rate when determining the 300 best
places to live in America. Those statistics reflected 1995 figures. A recent
story in The Ledger showing a 1.73 percent increase in the crime rate reflected
1996 statistics.

             Copyright 1997 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   December 30, 1995, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Around the South;
Region in Brief;
New Orleans cites murder dip after tourist is killed

BYLINE: Compiled by Gerrie Ferris

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 800 words


With its image once again bloodied, this time by the Christmas Eve killing of a
tourist, New Orleans officials fought back Friday with statistics showing murder
on the decline - and word of an arrest in the case.

Police Chief Richard Pennington announced that police had arrested a 15-year-old
boy late Thursday night in the death of Connie Reasor, 33, who was killed
outside a historic cemetery.

But the message city officials seemed to want to get out most was that 1995 was
a "turnaround year" for crime. Although the year is not yet over, they noted
that with only two days left in 1995, murders are down by 15 percent - for a
three-year low.

New Orleans set a record last year with 421 murders; this year there have been
356. And officials say in the city's three deadliest housing projects - where
police instituted community policing - homicides dropped by 80 percent.

Not all was rosy in the Crescent City on Friday. Worried about big tax losses
because of the shutdown of Harrah's casino, the city filed a $ 200 million
lawsuit against its operators.

SOUTH CAROLINA

OFF THE MENU: Gone for the 19,000 inmates in South Carolina's prisons is the
pork fried rice and barbecue. Pork is being banned from the menu because of
religious and other concerns, bringing dismay to those in the hog industry.
Increasingly, convicts won't eat pork, Corrections Department spokesman John
Barkley said.

TENNESSEE

TO THE RESCUE: A U.S. Army helicopter hoisted up a sick hiker from the
Appalachian Trail and ferried him to a hospital for treatment. Nicholas Moyer,
19, of Louisville, Ky., was listed in stable condition at the University of
Tennessee Medical Center. The hospital's helicopter didn't have a winch to hoist
the hiker so an Army UH-60 Blackhawk was dispatched from Fort Campbell with a
medical team aboard. The University of Kentucky student became sick Thursday.
Park Service spokeswoman Nancy Gray said the partial government shutdown didn't
affect the rescue, that furloughed agency employees were alerted. If a
helicopter had not been available, rangers would have been called in to carry
Moyer 10 miles to the nearest road.

FLORIDA

ARRESTS MADE: A man and a teenager believed to have been involved in a bungled
robbery at a Miami restaurant early Wednesday that turned into a shootout that
left three people dead are under arrest, police said. Thomas Theopilos Rolle,
16, and Vinson Lopez, 24, were arrested Thursday night on charges they tried to
rob Prince's Bar-B-Que Pit, then took part in the gunfight that erupted when an
employee at the restaurant pulled his own gun and tried to stop the robbers.
Rolle already was under house arrest and on probation for sexual battery on a
minor. Lopez was on probation and under house arrest for auto theft, according
to Metro-Dade County police.

SOUTHERN SWEEP
ON THE ROADS: Southern highways and byways are troubled ways of late:

> An understaffed Florida Highway Patrol is scrambling to protect motorists on
crowded roads. "We're not only dealing with the 14 million people living here in
Florida, but the 20 million who are driving cars on vacation here," said Col.
Ronald Grimming, head of FHP. In Broward County, motorists must wait an average
of 34 minutes for a trooper to arrive.

> Arkansas, Mississippi and Alabama highways and backroads head the list of the
most deadly roads in the United States and not just during holidays, according
to 1994 statistics compiled by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety in
Arlington, Va.

> If you're traveling in Tennessee, beware that more than 100 additional
Tennessee state troopers will be on the road during the New Year's weekend.

CASINO DISPUTE: A decision by the U.S. Supreme Court could make 1996 the year
Alabama and Florida get casino gambling, whether they want it or not. The court
is expected to rule early in the year on two cases: one filed by the Seminole
tribe in Florida and another by the Poarch Creek tribe of south Alabama. The
question before the justices is whether Indians have the right to sue the states
for failing to negotiate in good faith to allow gambling operations on Indian
lands.

SOUTHERN NOTES

A record number of endangered Key deer have died this year, raising even higher
concern about the future of the miniature creatures which live only on several
islands in Florida's Lower Keys. . . . The world will get its first look at the
design concept of the Mercedes-Benz "all- activity vehicle," which will be
manufactured at the new plant in Vance, Ala., at next week's North American
International Auto Show in Detroit. . . . For the eighth consecutive day,
Florida shivered through a record- breaking cold spell, with high temperatures
throughout the state unable to crack the 65-degree mark.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 17, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Report: Crime rate crushing the courts

BYLINE: Robert Davis; Tony Mauro; Paul Leavitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 902 words


Crimes involving guns, drugs and juveniles are putting an unprecedented crunch
on the nation's courts, says an American Bar Association report out today. The
second annual report on the health of the judiciary says:

-- Popular solutions like hiring more police and mandating longer prison
sentences could wreck the system.

-- Violence and drugs increasingly land juveniles in court as offenders and
victims; youngsters 12 to 15 are nearly as likely as those 16 to 19 to
experience violent crime.

-- Minorities are more likley to be hurt or jailed. Non-white juveniles
constitute 30% of all arrests and half of all arrests for violent offenses or
drug offenses. - Robert Davis and Tony Mauro

GAY RIGHTS: The government isn't appealing a federal appeals court ruling that
allowed gay sailor Keith Meinhold to be reinstated. Friday was the deadline to
appeal the Aug. 31 ruling by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
The ruling, which applied only to Meinhold, was under the military's old policy
that barred homosexuals. The court said declaring homosexuality was not the same
as an intention to engage in homosexual acts while in the military. "The ruling
would have no bearing that we would foresee on the new policy," said Pentagon
spokesman Dennis Boxx. Meinhold, 32, is a petty officer at Whidbey Island Naval
Air Station near Oak Harbor, Wash. "They finally have admitted that I can say I
am gay and proudly serve my country," he said. The new "don't ask, don't tell"
policy, which took effect a year ago, is being challenged.

RUNAWAY: Willie Nesler, whose mother is serving a 10-year sentence for fatally
shooting a man accused of molesting him, is a voluntary runaway, police in
Angel's Camp, Calif., said. The youth disappeared Tuesday from his aunt's home,
where he's been staying since his mother went to prison in January. The April
1993 courtroom killing of Daniel Driver, 35, focused debate on vigilante
justice. Nesler, 41, was convicted of voluntary manslaughter.

CRASH VICTIMS BURIED: About 600 people attended the Saturday burial of the
remains of the seven victims who could not be identified among the 132
passengers killed in the crash of USAir Flight 427. They were buried near three
stone monuments in Sewickley Cemetery, a few miles from the site of the Sept. 8
crash outside Pittsburgh. Federal safety investigators are still seeking the
cause of the crash.

AIR SAFETY: Boeing Co. is telling airlines to replace the horizontal stabilizer
of 1,501 Boeing 737 jets because of five incidents in which the stabilizer
rotated farther than the pilot commanded. The stabilizer is a small tail wing
that makes the jet go up or down. None of the malfunctions, between May 1993 and
August 1994, occurred in flight and none contributed to a crash, officials said.
The problem was first reported by The News Tribune of Tacoma, Wash.

RAMPAGE: A runaway bulldozer cut a half-mile-long swath from a deserted
construction site Saturday, ripping apart 16 new or near-new cars at a
dealership in West Seneca, N.Y., and narrowly missing a crowded video-rental
store. Damage estimate: $ 500,000. No one was hurt. The 35-ton bulldozer wasn't
stopped until someone jumped aboard and turned off the ignition. Authorities say
whoever started the machine rode it a short while before jumping off.

FIREFIGHTER DONATIONS: The families of 14 firefighters killed in the 2,000-acre
Storm King mountain firestorm near Glenwood Springs, Colo., are getting checks
for $ 27,000. A fund drive following the July 6 disaster raised $ 389,000 by
Friday. The account will remain open through the first anniversary of the fire.

BRANCH DAVIDIANS: David Koresh's wife and children were among 28 people buried
Saturday in unmarked pauper graves in Waco, Texas. The bodies were unclaimed
after the April 19, 1993, blaze in which 79 Koresh followers died in the fiery
end of 51-day standoff with federal authorities at the cult compound in Waco.

ALSO . . .

-- TEACHER STRIKE ENDS: Denver teachers return to classrooms today after a
five-day strike that disrupted schooling for the city's 63,000 students.
Teachers Saturday approved a two-year contract that provides a 2.15% raise this
year, but adds 10 days to their school year.

-- FIVE DEAD: Two women and three men were found shot to death in the Changing
Times Lounge in Birmingham, Ala. Police said two were employees. Police would
not comment on a possible motive or suspect.

Another blow for Denver airport

Dean Hill, an inspector at the still-to-open Denver International Airport, says
he quit after refusing to sign off on shoddy work and he has photographs
documenting potentially dangerous construction. He says he saw workers cutting
corners that could lead to collapsing floors, buckling walls and falling
ceilings. "Everything was based on the schedule," Hill told The Associated
Press. "If a contractor got behind, they'd let them get by with murder."

Hill says he spoke to federal investigators about falsified inspections, but
wasn't asked to testify before a federal grand jury investigating the $ 3.7
billion airport.

Bob Storck, head of airport construction, said he hadn't heard of Hill's
charges, but promised an investigation.

The airport, plagued by a faulty baggage system, is scheduled to open Feb. 28.
It's been delayed four times.

Contributing: Carrie Dowling, Steve Komarow and Leo Mullen.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, AP (2); PHOTO, b/w, Bill Sikes, AP

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 11, 1994, Monday

NEWS FOR KIDS KIDS ASK

BYLINE: Bernadette Burden

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 3

LENGTH: 427 words


"Why do we kill people who kill people to teach them that killing is wrong?

- Shanta W. Webb, 12, seventh grade, P"eachtree Junior High, KeKald County

You are asking about capital punishment - putting someone to death for
committing a crime. And you're not the only one who has raised this question.
The death penalty has created a lot of controversy in our country.

Many people feel strongly that it's wrong for the government to take a human
life - for any reason. They think it is cruel. And they fear an innocent person
may be executed by mistake.

Many other people believe that violent criminals, particularly murderers, should
pay for their crimes with their lives. They also feel that fear of the death
penalty helps stop crime.

"We execute people in order to make sure they can never hurt anyone else again,"
said Mike McDaniel, a DeKalb County prosecutor. "It's the only way of making
sure that people who commit horrible murders are never allowed in society."

But there are many groups against the death penalty. They often hold candlelight
vigils outside a prison during executions.

The debate has split the country: 36 states have the death penalty, 14 do not.
Georgia does.

Laws have changed

The United States routinely executed prisoners through the 1960s. But many
people began to speak out against capital punishment, and laws around the world
changed. The death penalty was outlawed in England in 1965. Most European and
Latin American countries have since gotten rid of the death penalty.

In 1972, the United States Supreme Court banned the death penalty, saying it
wasn't used fairly in all cases. So for several years, there were almost no
executions.

But by the late 1970s, the court began approving the death penalty for
murderers. Since that time about 150 people have been executed in the United
States.

"What is death row?"

Death row is the area in a prison that holds people who are awaiting execution.
There are 112 prisoners on death row right now in Georgia. People who are
sentenced to death spend their entire time in prison on death row. They cannot
mingle with the rest of the people in prison.

In Georgia, death row prisoners are executed in the electric chair. Some states
- such as Arizona, Illinois, Louisiana and Texas - kill death row inmates with a
deadly drug (called a lethal injection). California executes prisoners in a gas
chamber.

On March 31, 45-year-old William Henry Hance died in Georgia's electric chair.
He was the 18th person executed since the state resumed the death penalty in
1983.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941040170

GRAPHIC: Photo illustration: One of the most famous prisoners to be executed
recently was Ted Bundy. He died in Florida's electric chair in 1989. He received
the death penalty for killing a 12-year-old girl. He also confessed to killing
16 other women./ DALE DODSON / Staff Photo: Woman demonstrating against capital
punishment

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 28, 1994, Friday, Final Edition

FBI's D.C. Field Office To Get 100 More Agents;
Reassigned Staff Will Work as Investigators

Ruben Castaneda, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B2

LENGTH: 545 words


FBI Director Louis Freeh announced yesterday that he intends to bolster the
bureau's Washington field office by 100 agents as he shifts hundreds of agents
from behind desks to the streets to investigate crimes across the country.

At a news conference at FBI headquarters, Freeh said he is reassigning 600
agents from administrative and supervisory positions to investigative jobs. Half
of those agents will come from headquarters, the other half from the FBI's 56
field offices throughout the country, Freeh said.

The FBI has 10,078 agents nationwide.

The bureau's Washington and Baltimore field offices will get an influx of agents
within two months, Freeh said. The Baltimore office, whose coverage area
includes Maryland suburbs bordering Washington, will get an additional 50
agents, Freeh said. The Washington field office, which now has 600 agents,
covers the District and Northern Virginia.

Those assignments are temporary, though some or all could become permanent,
Freeh said.

The Baltimore and Washington offices are getting the first agents because of the
need to fight crime in those areas and because the bureau can move agents
without having to pay moving costs, Freeh said.

"Crime is so severe in Washington and its suburbs that extraordinary steps must
be taken to make the nation's capital safer," Freeh said.

He said the restructuring is intended to put "the greatest number of FBI agents
directly into the fight against the worst crimes, including terrorism, public
corruption, organized crime, drug dealing, and threats to our national
security."

Freeh said he did not know how many agents reassigned to the Washington field
office would end up fighting street crime in the District.

More than 80 FBI agents now work with D.C. police detectives on task forces
investigating old homicides, gangs, and drug-related violence. In addition, more
than 40 agents from the federal Drug Enforcement Administration and the Bureau
of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms also work with D.C. police on task forces
combating crime.

In response to a question, Freeh said that "a large portion" of the reassigned
agents will focus on street crime.

D.C. Police Chief Fred Thomas has requested additional FBI assistance, Freeh
said.

Attorney General Janet Reno, who also attended the news conference, called the
reassigning of agents a "historic step" that will revitalize the bureau.

Up to $ 24 million will be needed to pay for moving agents who are assigned to
new areas, FBI officials said. The relocations will be paid for from the
existing Department of Justice budget.

The reassignments would not affect agents who work in the bureau's forensic
section and laboratory, Freeh said. Many local law enforcement agencies rely on
the expertise of agents in those sections, he said.

Many administrative tasks would be performed by civilians, the director said.

A detective with a task force of D.C. police and federal agents, including FBI
agents, investigating nonfatal shootings in the 5th and 7th Police Districts
said the agents provide much-needed manpower and resources.

"A lot of times they bring resources we don't have, like paper, pens, cars,
computers, film for our cameras -- things we don't have a budget for," the
detective said.


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, FBI DIRECTOR LOUIS FREEH.

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            August 17, 1993, Tuesday

Manchester tops car-crime table; Insurance firm rates northern urban areas the
worst for vehicle crime. Terry Kirby reports

BYLINE: TERRY KIRBY

SECTION: HOME NEWS PAGE; Page 3

LENGTH: 501 words


CAR OWNERS in the Greater Manchester area are more likely to have their vehicles
stolen or broken into than in any other parts of the country, according to a car
crime league table released yesterday.

The area showed an increase of only 1.9 per cent in 1992, but has 44.5 car
crimes per 1,000 of the local population; Cleveland and Nottinghamshire are
close behind, although the total number of crimes dropped in the latter. During
1992, the biggest rises in all car crimes were in Lincolnshire, Cambridgeshire
and Gloucestershire.

Dyfed-Powys, in Wales, is the safest area for car crime in the country with just
10 car crimes per 1,000 people. Greater London, where car crime rose by just 2.5
per cent last year, is 12th in the table, registering 33.4 crimes per 1,000
people. The rise is due entirely to an increase of almost 5 per cent in thefts
from cars; thefts of cars dropped by more than 2 per cent.

The annual league table is compiled by The Insurance Service, an insurance
company, using official police and population statistics.

With the exception of Avon and Somerset, and Gloucestershire, rural areas have
fewer car crimes and northern urban areas are the worst affected. Cleveland tops
the league for thefts of cars, with 22.6 crimes per 1,000 people, while
Gloucestershire is the worst area for thefts from cars, with 2.4 per 1,000, a 27
per cent increase. Dyfed- Powys is lowest in both categories.

Insurers warned yesterday that premiums would continue to rise as a consequence
of car crime and it was the responsibility of the public to take preventive
measures, such as closing windows and sun roofs, parking in well-lit areas and
fitting alarms.

Michael Edwards, deputy managing director of The Insurance Service, said that
the company handled many claims each year from people who had left their keys in
the ignition. ''We think many more do it but are too embarrassed to admit the
fact,'' he said.

The Association of British Insurers said premiums for Greater London would
remain bigger than other areas that are higher in the table because of the much
higher risk of accidents in the capital, which still represent the bulk of
claims - about 70 per cent. But it was possible that the part of the premium
which represents crimes - about 12 per cent - would be higher in some areas
outside London.

The Department of Trade and Industry has issued a warning about insurance
certificates issued in the name ''Mandarin'' through Car Tective - based in
Windsor - or Car Tective's agents in the Southampton area.

The DTI said: ''Mandarin Motor Policies & National Insurance Company
(''Mandarin'') said to be based in Jupiter, Florida, in the United States, is
not authorised to carry on any class of insurance business in the UK. Any person
holding a certificate of insurance issued by, or in the name of either of the
above companies, should consult their insurance adviser urgently with a view to
obtaining alternative cover.''

(Table omitted)


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 Independent Print Ltd


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 17, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Gun control won't work

BYLINE: Larry Pratt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 290 words


President Clinton is pushing a failed approach to cutting crime and is ignoring
policies that work.

Consider Georgia and Wisconsin, two states that tried two different approaches
to fighting crime in 1976:

Wisconsin tried the Clinton approach by imposing a 48-hour waiting period.
According to FBI statistics, its murder rate has risen by 60%.

By contrast, Georgia made it easier for citizens to carry guns for self-defense
that same year. Its concealed-carry law has acted as a deterrent to criminals
and has dropped its homicide rate by 6%.

As in Wisconsin, gun control consistently raises crime rates. But there's
something even more dangerous in Clinton's gun control program - that is, the
registration of gun owners.

Clinton is calling for a system that requires a gun dealer to notify the
government about a potential gun buyer for a background check.

Whenever gun buyers are singled out at gun stores for identification by the
government, a list of gun owners can easily be created. This is gun-owner
registration. And in places like New York City, police have used gun-owner
registration lists to confiscate firearms from law-abiding citizens.

There is a better way. In Ohio, state Rep. Mark Malone is offering a bill that
requires the Bureau of Motor Vehicles to run a background check on everybody.
The licenses of violent felons will be encoded on the back with special
information. When they buy a gun, the dealer only needs to check the license and
does not need to contact the police. Thus, there is no registration.

Clinton should take note. Instead of punishing gun owners and creating lists
that could lead to gun confiscation, Clinton should support legislation that
truly focuses on the criminal.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Today's debate is on GUN CONTROL, waiting periods and
background checks; OPPOSING VIEW; Focus on the criminal, not harassment of the
law-abiding gun owner; Larry Pratt is the executive director of Gun Owners of
America.

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              May 16, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Guardian Angels hearken to needs;
Smaller cities, even Weldon, N.C., getting assistance

BYLINE: LISA CORNWELL Associated Press

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 601  words


CINCINNATI -- The Guardian Angels, organized 25 years ago to help combat crime
in New York City, are now at work in smaller cities, rural communities and some
urban neighborhoods once considered safer than their inner-city counterparts.

"People have found that drugs and gang activity lead to more serious crime no
matter what size the community and they want to stop that from happening in
their neighborhood," said Curtis Sliwa, founder of the unarmed volunteers, noted
for their signature red berets and jackets and military-like discipline.

In the past three years, the group has set up eight chapters internationally in
communities of 100,000 or less population, and 23 more are expected to be in
operation by next year, Sliwa said.

The U.S. Justice Department's Office of Community Oriented Policing Services has
noted increased interest in volunteer crime prevention in the United States in
the past several years. That interest often is based on perception as much as on
crime itself, said Gilbert Moore, a COPS office spokesman.

"Problems like graffiti, litter, loitering -- anything that sends a signal of
disorder and lawlessness can create the perception that crime is increasing in
an area," he said.

Law enforcement agencies serving 86 percent of the U.S. population are now
engaged in some form of community policing -- policing aimed at preventing
crime, according to Justice statistics.

A residents' group in Westwood, Cincinnati's largest neighborhood with about
30,000 people, has invited the Angels to form a chapter. The volunteers are to
arrive June 22 to begin training residents to patrol their own streets.

"Police and older patrol volunteers can't hang out on street corners and talk
with kids who may be flirting with trouble," said Mary Kuhl, a co-founder of
Westwood Concern.

The middle-class neighborhood reported 2,078 serious crimes -- which include
murder, rape and robbery -- last year, more than any other Cincinnati
neighborhood. While the crime rate was down 12 percent from 2002, Kuhl says
residents' perception of the neighborhood as less safe has grown with the
increase of drug activity and youth crime.

The Guardian Angels started in 1979 with patrols of New York City subways, using
martial arts training to make citizen arrests of muggers and other criminals
before moving onto the streets with their crime-fighting and crime-prevention
patrols. Over the years they have expanded their services to include anti-gang
initiatives, youth camps for inner-city youngsters, Internet crime detection and
instruction to teachers on managing classrooms to avoid violence.

The Angels' numbers in New York have dropped from a peak of 1,000 to about 150
as the crime rate decreased. Sliwa says the organization has expanded
internationally to 27 chapters and about 5,000 members.

Critics in the early years characterized the Angels as a vigilante group because
of its citizen arrests.

"The only negative reaction I have heard is from the criminal element," said
Greg Parker, police chief in Weldon, N.C., where an eight-member chapter patrols
the business district.

He said he doesn't want the volunteers physically trying to stop crime or making
arrests unless they have to act to protect someone, but he thinks that their
presence on city streets and their reports of suspicious activity could
discourage crime.

Bill Eleczko, a resident, said he called in the Angels a few months ago because
of break-ins and thefts believed to be linked to drug activity just outside the
rural city of 1,400 about 70 miles north of Raleigh.

On the Net:

http://www.guardianangels.org

http://www.cops.usdoj.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            March 7, 2002, Thursday

State rep: N.C. behind in hate crime legislation; Though North Carolina offers
protection in its hate crime law, sexual orientation isn't included

BYLINE: Amanda Greene, Staff Writer

SECTION: Lifestyle; Pg. 1D, 3D

LENGTH: 506 words


The death of Matthew Shepard - a college student murdered in 1998 in a hate
crime incident - had little effect on North Carolina law.

While the state does have a hate crime law, victims targeted because of sexual
orientation are not protected under it. Sexual orientation is included in the
hate crime laws of 23 states including Arizona, Kentucky and New Jersey.

"Right now, in this state, if I was a black man and someone beat me because of
my color, the judge could also charge them with a hate crime on top of assault
and battery. It's not that way for a gay man," said Nate Hoffman, a Wilmington
board member for Equality NC, a group based out of Raleigh that lobbies for
equality for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered people.

In 1999, the group created The Matthew Shepard Memorial Act bill, hoping to add
sexual orientation, age, gender and disability to North Carolina's existing hate
crime law and also to make it a crime to assault or threaten a person assumed to
belong to one of these groups.

North Carolina's current hate crime law allows for a charge of "ethnic
intimidation," which makes it a general misdemeanor to assault a person, damage
their property, or threaten to do either of these things, because of their race,
color, religion or national origin.

Judges can increase a sentence for any crime committed because of these factors
but not for crimes committed against a gay man or woman.

The legislature voted on The Matthew Shepard Memorial Act bill in 1999, and it
lost by 10 votes. It came up again in 2001 but still is pending. State Rep.
Thomas Wright, D-New Hanover, co-sponsored the bill.

"It was a bipartisan vote, members were split all over the place on it," he
said. "I was very surprised by how people voted, because it seemed very clear to
me (that) assaulting or injuring another person just because they're different
is wrong.

"I thought we were better than that, but it looks like we still have a long way
to go in this state."

But Equality NC isn't giving up. It will take the bill back to the General
Assembly for review |again this summer in the short session, said Jo Wyrick,
executive director of Equality NC.

Many representatives in the General Assembly think of being gay as a choice a
person makes, Ms. Wyrick said.

"But religion is also choice, so why not protect people against hate crimes
committed because of their sexual orientation?" she said.

In 2000, the Southern Poverty Law Center in Alabama reported North Carolina had
27 hate groups, which included Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazi, neo-Confederate and black
separatist groups. The highest numbers, 39, were found in Alabama and Florida.
Rhode Island and Vermont were the only states without a registered hate group.

And the number of hate groups got higher last year. The Spring 2002 issue of the
Intelligence Report from the SPLC found a 12 percent increase in hate groups in
the United States from 602 in 2000 to 676 last year.


Amanda Greene: 343-2365 or amanda.greenewilmingtonstar.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 15, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Help stop kid crime

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 456 words


The number of juveniles arrested for violent crimes is alarming. Arrests doubled
from 1983 to 1992 and are expected to double again in 15 years.

More than a quarter-million teen-agers could be arrested for violence in 2010,
according to a three-year study by the U.S. Department of Justice.

Answers are plentiful. In fact, too plentiful. Some in Congress want to require
states to prosecute as adults 14-year-olds who commit violent crimes. But that's
not Washington's business.

Local governments would be better off to follow Oregon's trail.

Under a new state law, parents can be penalized for "failing to supervise" a
child under 15 who gets into trouble with the law. Parents can be fined up to $
1,000 and required to pay $ 2,500 in restitution to crime victims. They also can
be required to take special classes to learn parenting skills.

The law is based on an ordinance of Silverton, Ore., a bedroom community for
both Portland and Salem. Since Silverton began enforcing its law in January, two
of 11 parents cited have been found guilty and two have been found not guilty.

But no one has been hauled into court since April. That's evidence, says Mayor
Ken Hector, that parents are getting the message. Also, schools report more
participation in activities by parents, and enrollment in parenting classes has
increased.

It would be naive to believe that laws like these will defuse the juvenile crime
explosion in this country. Or even that they would help in every state or
community. The problem is far more complex.

Such laws also are easily overdone. If excessive, for instance, they could
penalize parents who try to do the right thing. Putting parents in jail or
hitting them with unreasonable fines wouldn't help anybody. And such laws aren't
likely to work as well with older, more independent children or in high-crime
inner cities.

But it is wrong to argue, as some do, that the approach can't work and should
never be attempted. Taking steps that encourage parents to keep their kids on
the right side of the law is far better than waiting until they are lost to
lives of crime.

Some states already have parental-responsibility laws on the books, but they are
used infrequently.

For instance, Louisiana can order parents to take whatever steps are necessary
to meet their responsibilities. Parents in Ohio and Kentucky can lose surety
bonds if their children violate probation. And most counties don't use
Pennsylvania's law requiring parents to pay for the treatment and punishment of
their children.

Perhaps those laws are too harsh or are poorly designed. But they're starting
points for communities to act. Carefully crafted and executed, such laws can
encourage parental responsibility.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Today's debate; MAKING PARENTS PAY; OUR VIEW; Oregon is the
leader in parental-responsiblity laws. They aren't the whole answer, but they
can help.

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 5, 1993 Friday

CALL FOR ACTION " Both the right and left want something   done to end growing
violence   Crime the issue with U.S. voters

BYLINE: GREG GORDON and TOM HAMBURGER; GAM

LENGTH: 871 words


BY GREG GORDON and TOM HAMBURGER
Minneapolis-St. Paul Star Tribune
FROM the ouster of New York's Democratic mayor to obscure initiatives on
the ballot in Texas and Washington State, crime emerged as a primary
motivator among the electorate in Tuesday's voting.

"Voters want something done about the rate of violent crime," said
Larry Sabato, a political scientist at the University of Virginia.

"The solutions come from both the right and the left - from the left
with gun control and from the right with cutbacks on parole and harsher
sentences. Candidates from both perspectives managed to make crime pay."

President Bill Clinton's budget director, Leon Panetta, listed crime
and then taxes as the main reason voters rejected Democrats in key races
watched by the White House - particularly those in New York City, Virginia
and New Jersey.

Crime was "a major factor" in New York Mayor David Dinkins's loss to
the law-and-order campaign of former U.S. deputy attorney-general Rudolph
Giuliani, political analyst Charles Cook said. He said the race mirrored
balloting in Los Angeles earlier this year, when another Republican,
Richard Riordan, used a similar strategy to win the mayor's office.

But Mr. Cook said stronger indicators of the emphasis voters are giving
crime were the overwhelming passage of two state referendums:
 More than three-quarters of Washington State's voters endorsed a "three
strikes you're out" initiative that would mandate lifetime prison
sentences for criminals convicted of three felonies.
 Sixty-two per cent of Texas voters approved a bond issue that would raise
$1-billion to build new prisons and mental health facilities.

"The Texas result is the first sign that people may be willing to put
their money where their mouth is" to combat crime, Mr. Cook said.

He predicted that members of Congress, panicky in the face of Tuesday's
results, will soon be "jumping on the crime issue more than they have
already." But he added that "a lot of it is just posturing - anything
beyond posturing costs money."

Republican pollster Richard Wirthlin said the returns were consistent
with his recent polls suggesting that "social issues are now even more a
concern than the economy" among voters - topped by crime and health-care
reform.

New Jersey was the surprise exception to the dominance of the crime
issue. Governor Jim Florio had hoped his tough anti-crime stance would
carry him over the top, because Republican challenger Christie Whitman
earlier had backed a more liberal approach to crime.

But in the final month of the campaign, Ms. Whitman focused attention
on Mr. Florio's efforts to balance the state's budget with the biggest tax
increase in New Jersey history.

"The postelection surveys showed that those most concerned with crime
voted for Florio," said Roger Stone, a Republican strategist who has been
active in New Jersey politics. "Those concerned with taxes voted for
Christie Whitman."

In Minneapolis, mayoral victor Sharon Sayles Belton faced an electorate
concerned about rising crime in a city still known for its relative lack
of it. Despite a recent spate of highly publicized urban crimes, she
emphasized urban harmony in her campaign against John Derus, a tough law-
and-order advocate. But before the race was over, she also talked about
better policing and the need for tighter gun control.

"You're hard-pressed to find a mayoral contest where crime was not a
factor," Mr. Sabato said. "It was everywhere."

He said the results mean "that every candidate running in '94 had
better have a strong anti-crime position paper . . . and a voting record
to back it up if they're incumbents."

The White House learned that lesson forcefully in Mr. Dinkins's narrow
loss to Mr. Giuliani.

"Crime was the decisive factor in the New York race," said GOP
strategist Stone, who managed past campaigns in New York, New Jersey and
other states.

"One exit poll showed that seven out of 10 New Yorkers said that they
or an immediate member of the family had been touched by violent crime.
There was a broad sense in New York that the criminal justice system was
not working.

"They thought Dinkins would bring them healing. Instead, he brought
them a powderkeg."

Mr. Dinkins's term had been marked by racial conflicts, recurrent
ethnic violence and rising fear of crime.

Mr. Sabato also said that Mr. Clinton "made a serious error" in raising
race as an issue in campaigning for Mr. Dinkins, the city's first black
mayor. He said that any time race was mentioned in that campaign it hurt
the mayor, who lost Jewish support because of his slow reaction to the
racially motivated killing of a Jew in a Brooklyn neighbourhood.

Democratic political consultant Bob Beckel said he thinks fear of crime
is one of several factors, including the economy, that have made voters
anxious and angry at whomever is in office.

He said voters seem to feel that "the government they used to trust is
unravelling in front of them . . . institutions are unravelling, public
education is unravelling, the criminal justice is unravelling. You put
fear and anger together in an electorate and you've got one powerful two-
punch movement."

He predicted that the 1994 election will bring a major changeover "at
all levels of government, from the county coroner on up. We're in for a
hellacious year."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    April 28, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

Serious crimes drop in reports to police

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL DIGEST; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 608 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; SAN DIEGO; CAPE CANAVERAL



The number of serious crimes reported to police declined 4 percent last year
from 1991 - the first drop in eight years - but the reported incidents of
violent crime remained unchanged, according to the FBI. Cities with more than
1-million residents experienced the sharpest decline in overall crime,
collectively registering a drop of 8 percent. However, in Los Angeles, which
was the scene of four days of rioting last spring, the annual decline in
serious crimes was about 2 percent. Serious offenses declined more than 7
percent in New York and about 3 percent in Miami. The FBI offered no
explanation for the overall national decline.

Kevorkian's license

revoked in Calif.

SAN DIEGO - Dr. Jack Kevorkian lost his California medical license on Tuesday,
the same day a Michigan prosecutor said the euthanasia advocate won't face
criminal charges in a recent assisted suicide. Acting on a request by the  state
medical board, Administrative Law Judge Alan S. Meth suspended the  license,
saying doctors "do not assist people in committing suicide."  Kevorkian, a
retired pathologist, has no medical practice. His license has  been suspended in
Michigan, where he has helped 15 sick people end their  lives. He has appealed
that ruling. Kevorkian has the right to a hearing in  California to determine if
his license, granted in 1957, should be revoked.

Officers: Youth are

passing up military

WASHINGTON - The military is losing the qualified young people it needs to  fill
its ranks because of falling advertising budgets and misconceptions about
defense cutbacks, personnel officers said Tuesday. Many potential enlistees
mistakenly believe "the military is not hiring or, worse yet, is going out of
business," said Lt. Gen. Matthew T. Cooper, deputy chief of staff for  manpower
and reserve affairs in the Marine Corps, in testimony before a House  panel.
Nicolai Timenes Jr., principal director of military manpower and  personnel
policy in the Pentagon, said a survey of young people's attitudes  toward
enlistment showed that 37 percent in 1992 were influenced by reports of
military cutbacks, up from 21 percent in 1991.

Shuttle astronauts

do lung experiment

CAPE CANAVERAL - Columbia's astronauts huffed and puffed around the world in a
lung-monitoring experiment Tuesday, day two of a German laboratory research
mission. Payload commander Jerry Ross and German astronaut Ulrich Walter took
turns breathing hard into a long pipe connected to medical equipment. At  times,
they sat still for the test. Other times, they peddled a bicycle  ergometer.
Researchers want to better understand how human lungs function in
weightlessness. The astronauts also are measuring their blood pressure in  orbit
and conducting other health checks.

Briefly . . .

Banker wants to withdraw plea: A former banker has asked a judge to withdraw  a
guilty plea for helping to arrange $ 5-billion in loans allegedly used by
Iraq's Saddam Hussein to buy arms before the gulf war. If Thomas M.
Fiebelkorn's request is granted, it will be the second plea withdrawal by an
employee of the Atlanta branch of Italy's Banca Nazionale del Lavoro.

Official says Detroit should close neighborhoods: To save money, Detroit  should
move people out of sparsely populated neighborhoods and close off those  areas,
a municipal official has proposed. "Right now, we have streets with  one person
living on them," said Marie Farrell-Donaldson, the city's  ombudsman. Detroit's
population has fallen by half during the past 40 years.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                   October 30, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Five charged in heroin conspiracy: One of the accused men, arrested in
Vancouver, is under a deportation order.

BYLINE: PETTI FONG; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 379 words


Five men, including two in Vancouver, have been charged after a joint
U.S.-Canadian investigation uncovered plans to import heroin from the U.S. to
Vancouver in exchange for cocaine.

Police also took into custody Kam Chuen Wong, 36, who had been deported from
Canada in April of this year, but was found in Vancouver on Wednesday. No
charges have been laid against him.

RCMP media representative Sergeant Russ Grabb said the FBI investigation found a
link to Vancouver because the city was deemed by local organized-crime groups as
the best location for trafficking heroin.

He said an initial FBI investigation into Boston's Asia-based organized-crime
groups led to Vancouver.

Charges were also laid in Calgary and Boston following the 13-month joint
investigation involving the Vancouver RCMP, police forces in Edmonton and
Calgary, the FBI, and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration.

"It's a group of individuals we have been monitoring, but the enforcement that
took place today is based on a more intense investigation that happened in the
last four months," said Grabb.

Shu Wing Chi, 35, of Vancouver has been charged with conspiracy to traffic and
export heroin from Canada and conspiracy to import cocaine into Canada, as well
as possession of heroin for the purpose of trafficking. Chi is currently under a
deportation order and remains in custody.

Pui Chi Zhou, 35, of Vancouver is a refugee claimant and was charged Wednesday
with possession of heroin. He was released and scheduled to appear in provincial
court Dec. 3.

Law-enforcement officials also uncovered a murder plot against an Edmonton man.

Two Calgary residents and a Boston man were charged with conspiracy to commit
murder, counselling to commit murder and various drug charges.

A third Calgary man was also charged with conspiracy to commit murder and
counselling to commit murder. He has not been arrested yet.

Grabb said law enforcement officials from Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Toronto,
Ottawa, Seattle, Boston, New York and Los Angeles identified Vancouver as a
major source of high- quality heroin for drug traffickers in North America.

About 1,000 grams of heroin, valued at approximately $ 100,000, were seized by
police in Vancouver and Calgary.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 12, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

PROPERTY CRIMES STEADILY DECLINE, LED BY BURGLARY

BYLINE: By FOX BUTTERFIELD

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 1675 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


With little public notice, property crime in the United States has fallen
sharply since 1980, data from the Federal Bureau of Investigation show, with
burglary rates down by almost half. That gives New York a lower burglary rate
than London, and Los Angeles fewer burglaries than Sydney, Australia.

The drop in property crime -- burglary, larceny and auto theft -- has been
obscured by the high level of violent crimes like murder and robbery, which
spurred demands for tougher sentencing laws.

The drop in property crimes -- which outnumber violent crimes by 7 to 1 -- has
been so large that the Netherlands, Australia, New Zealand and Canada now have
overall crime rates as high as that in the United States, and just as many
criminals per capita, said Prof. Franklin Zimring, the director of the Earl
Warren Legal Institute at the University of California at Berkeley.

Some explanations for the fall in property crime are similar to those given by
law-enforcement officials and criminologists for the drop in violent crime in
the past several years -- improved police tactics, a decline in the teen-age
population, greater community involvement and longer prison sentences.

A number of experts also cite the greater use of alarm systems and what many see
as a crucial element, the switch from heroin to crack cocaine among street
criminals. Crack, unlike heroin, produces a brief, intense high, creating an
incessant need for cash, while burglary is time consuming and generates stolen
goods that must still be sold to get money.

"One of the most remarkable things about the decline in burglary is that it is
so substantial that it is unprecedented in magnitude compared to any other
fluctuation in crime rates over the last century," said Scott Decker, a
criminologist at the University of Missouri at St. Louis and co-author of "Armed
Robbers in Action: Stickups and Street Culture," to be published later this
month by Northeastern University Press.

Though the decline in property crime has occurred throughout the nation, nowhere
has it been greater than here in San Diego. From 1980 to the end of 1996, the
burglary rate in San Diego plunged 68 percent and the larceny rate fell 37
percent, according to Police Department figures. Larceny includes petty theft,
like shoplifting, pickpocketing and automobile break-ins.

Motor vehicle theft, the third major type of property crime counted by the
Federal Bureau of Investigation in its annual crime reports, has declined 61
percent in San Diego since reaching a record high in 1989.

Jerry Sanders, San Diego's Police Chief, unlike Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and
former Police Commissioner William J. Bratton in New York, is careful not to
claim credit for his city's huge drop in crime.

"It's happening in so many different cities that are doing so many different
things," Chief Sanders said, "I think it is hard to put your finger on what's
causing the decline."

Besides, the Chief said, "The problem with claiming better policing is
responsible is that someday crime is going to go up again, and I wouldn't want
to be on the other side of that question."

But in addition to the often cited causes for the drop, Chief Sanders has his
favorite theory: "As the crime rate comes down, it is starting to bring people
with it," he said. "They are starting to realize they themselves can do
something about it, so we have lots of citizens out solving problems on their
own."

Take Agnes Brookes, a 69-year-old retired church secretary in San Diego. In
1993, with time on her hands and wanting to give something back to her
community, Mrs. Brookes joined the Retired Senior Volunteer Patrol, a group of
400 older residents, including former doctors, firefighters, corporate
executives and Navy officers, who undergo three weeks of training at the police
academy and wear a shield and uniform that look like regular police uniforms.

As part of her training, Mrs. Brookes took a course in what is known as "problem
solving policing," innovative police tactics that focus on issues like why many
crimes repeatedly occur at the same place or how to design environmental
safeguards against criminals. Her instructor assigned her to see what could be
done about a self-storage warehouse that had experienced 150 burglaries in the
previous six months, many of them thefts from sailors who had left their
belongings there while aboard Navy ships.

The police were having no luck solving the break-ins and regarded the hours
consumed writing up reports on the burglaries as a waste of time they might have
used to chase robbers or other violent criminals.

Mrs. Brookes surveyed the warehouse and, after checking with all the other
self-storage businesses in the city, decided the problem was sloppy management:
people who had no business at the warehouse were allowed to drive through the
locked front gate behind legitimate customers. So Mrs. Brookes, in her powder
blue uniform shirt, pressured the owner into changing the manager, installing
new lighting and locks and adding a device that required an exit code from
customers.

In the three months after her work, there was only one burglary, and the culprit
was caught. There have been no incidents since.

For Chief Sanders, people like Mrs. Brookes are essential to his new style of
community-oriented policing, especially because San Diego, with only 1.7 police
officers per 1,000 residents, has the lowest ratio of officers per capita in the
nation. New York, by comparison, has 5.2 officers per 1,000 and Washington has
6.84.

In what law-enforcement experts say is a national trend, San Diego has a total
of 8,000 volunteers who assist its 2,036-member police force, including 4,000
block-watch captains, 3,000 people who patrol their neighborhoods in their cars
on weekend nights and 600 retired citizens who work in police stations, helping
with word processing or filling out paperwork.

Professor Zimring said he thought the drop in property crime underscored a
fundamental point about the crime problem in the United States that was widely
misunderstood. "What we have is not a crime problem, but a problem of lethal
violence, which is a special issue, utterly distinct from the processes that
determine how much car theft or burglary we have," he said.

London and New York have nearly the same population, he said, but London has 66
percent more theft and 57 percent more burglary than New York. Yet London has a
robbery rate only one-fifth that of New York's and a murder rate only one-tenth
of New York's.

"Many nations have high levels of crime without high homicide rates," Professor
Zimring wrote in a new book, "Crime Is Not the Problem: Lethal Violence in
America" published this summer by Oxford University Press.

Virtually all the industrial democracies besides the United States have had huge
increases in property crime from 1960 to 1990, ranging from 177 percent in
Germany to 600 percent in Italy, but in several countries the homicide rate fell
during those three decades. In France, for instance, there was five times as
much theft in 1990 as in 1960, but the murder rate fell by one-third.

Among the reasons for the widespread upturn in property crime in those
countries, Professor Zimring said, are rising affluence, which has created more
property to steal; better police reporting, and a larger number of women
working, leaving fewer people at home to deter burglars.

Yet the United States, despite its enormous decline in property crime, still has
4 to 18 times more murders than any other industrial democracy, he found. The
problem is not that the United States has more criminals, Professor Zimring
said. The problem is a combination of a highly violent illegal drug trade, large
numbers of handguns and a tradition of male honor that "includes a willingness
to use extreme violence" to settle problems.

Professor Decker said he was skeptical of the explanations that the decline in
burglary was attributable to improved police work or better home alarms. Only
about 5 percent of burglaries are solved by detective work, he said, and most
alarms are being installed in affluent suburban homes while most burglaries take
place in the poorest neighborhoods where people cannot afford alarm systems.

In interviews with street criminals, Professor Decker said, he noticed that
crack addicts had given up on burglary because it required too much planning and
involved the uncertainty of whether a resident might be home, perhaps with a
gun. Robbery is faster, safer and more likely to produce immediate cash needed
to buy crack.

Burglary and robbery rates paralleled each other from 1973 until 1985, when the
crack epidemic began, and then robbery rates skyrocketed while burglary rates
declined, said Richard Rosenfeld, a criminologist at the University of Missouri
at St. Louis. Burglary rates have fallen since 1980, even when other crimes
rose.

Frank Canson, a San Diego detective, offered an alternative explanation for the
decline in property crime. "We don't see many professional burglars anymore,"
Detective Canson said. "Now they seem to prefer to sell drugs where they can
make $20,000 or $30,000." Most burglars, like pickpockets, seem to have lost
their skills, he suggested.

But he recently caught a burglar, Rudolph Van Walker, who boasted of committing
1,800 break-ins. Mr. Van Walker did it at first for the money, but later "just
for the thrill and the challenge," he told Detective Canson.

He lived across the border in Mexico with his wife, had a daughter in college,
rode the trolley to San Diego, found vulnerable apartments and hauled his loot
home, the detective said. The police, riding around in their cruisers, did not
think to look on the trolley.

"He was a righteous burglar, very good at his work," Detective Canson said. When
Mr. Van Walker was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison under California's
three strikes and you're out law, he said he would accept the time behind bars.
"Anyhow, all I know is burglary," Mr. Van Walker told the detective.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Agnes Brookes, who helped with burglary prevention measures at
this warehouse in San Diego, and Dr. Sy Kolterare in the Retired Senior
Volunteer Patrol here, which includes former executives and firefighters.
(Robert Burroughs for The New York Times)(pg. 26)

Chart: "AT A GLANCE: Two Types of Crime"
Despite recent declines, violent crime in the United States has increased since
1980, while the number of burglaries, larcenies and auto thefts has fallen
substantially.

Buglary, a property crime, has fallen much more since 1980 than robbery, a
violent crime.
(Source: F.B.I.)(pg. 26)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 2, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

HOMICIDES PLUNGE 11 PERCENT IN U.S., F.B.I. REPORT SAYS

BYLINE: By FOX BUTTERFIELD

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1110 words


Serious crime reported to the police declined 3 percent in 1996 -- the fifth
annual decrease in a row -- led by an impressive 11 percent drop in homicides,
according to preliminary figures released yesterday by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

Overall violent crime -- which includes robbery, aggravated assault and rape, as
well as homicide -- fell 7 percent, the report said. President Clinton and
Attorney General Janet Reno immediately hailed that figure, saying the decrease
in violent crime was the largest since 1961.

If the figure is confirmed by the final F.B.I. report, normally published in the
fall, it would mark a highly significant achievement, criminologists said: the
first time violent crime had dropped below the level it soared to in the modern
crime wave that engulfed the United States in the late 1960's and early 1970's.

Violent crime and property crime, like burglary, are the categories that make up
serious crime.

The criminologists were particularly intrigued by the 11 percent decline in
homicides, the most accurately measured crime and the one that Americans fear
the most. In New York, the number of homicides dropped to 986 in 1996 from 1,177
in 1995. And the New York City Police Department said yesterday that the
percentage of murder cases cleared last year was higher than it had been in
decades. [Page B1.]

Although the F.B.I.'s preliminary figures did not contain a breakdown by age or
race or provide the per-capita homicide rate -- statistics that experts like to
have in examining the data -- Alfred Blumstein, a respected criminologist at
Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, suggested that an 11 percent drop in
the number of homicides would work out to a rate of about 7.3 per 100,000
population.

"That would be a stunningly low number," Professor Blumstein said.

It would mark the lowest homicide rate nationwide since 1969, and would mean
that the United States for the first time would have broken through the rate of
8 to 10 per 100,000 that the nation has oscillated around since 1970, as the
modern crime plague exploded, he said.

Early figures for the first quarter of 1997 suggest that the homicide rate may
be falling even lower this year. In New York City the number of homicides
dropped 27 percent in the first three months of the year, compared with the same
period last year, and in Boston, homicide and other violent crimes fell 16
percent, according to local police reports.

Even with the latest decline, the United States would still have a far higher
homicide rate than European and Asian countries where such statistics are
reliably kept. In 1992, for example, Japan had the lowest homicide rate in the
industrialized world, at 0.6 per 100,000, followed by Great Britain at 0.7 per
100,000, Germany at 1 per 100,000 and France at 1.1 per 100,000, according to
the Population Reference Bureau in Washington.

Experts caution that they do not have an adequate theory to explain why crime
has declined in the United States so persistently for five years, after a sharp
surge from 1986 to 1991 following the spread of crack cocaine and the culture of
guns and gangs that it fostered.

Instead, they point to a series of factors. These include innovative police
tactics in many cities, sometimes referred to as community policing or as
problem-solving policing, a plethora of neighborhood volunteer efforts to change
juvenile behavior and the greatly increased number of criminals in prison. Other
factors include tougher Federal gun control laws, a stabilization of the drug
trade as new gangs have gained control and the aging of the baby boom population
as it has passed out of its prime years for committing crime.

The explanation that has gained the most popularity among law enforcement
officials, politicians and some criminologists is that of the more aggressive
police tactics, like those introduced by William J. Bratton, the former New York
City Police Commissioner.

But James Q. Wilson, a professor of management at the University of California
at Los Angeles, who pioneered some of the ideas used in the new police tactics,
expressed skepticism that the improved police work was the real explanation. "
Crime is down in cities with lots of cops being more aggressive, but there are
other cities that are down where community policing is barely getting off the
ground," he said.

As proof, he pointed to Los Angeles, where the number of homicides fell to 709
in 1996 from 849 in 1995. Instead of being more aggressive and introducing
community policing, Professor Wilson said, "the L.A. police have become one of
the least aggressive departments."

"They are doing less and making fewer arrests because they don't want to get in
trouble," Professor Wilson said, "so they are staying in their cars.

"I've asked several L.A. police officers why the murder rate is down in L.A.,
and they tell me, 'We haven't the faintest idea.' "

Professor Wilson said the best theory he can come up with is that the decline
"has to be something in the minds of those doing the killing."

"An awful lot of people who are likely to kill are now either dead themselves,
or in prison or have decided to cool it for a while," he said.

This applies especially to young people, Professor Wilson said, "because
juveniles tend to follow fads, in crime just like in clothing or music," and
many teen-agers who witnessed the destructiveness of the crack and gun violence
of the late 1980's and early 1990's have been scared off.

James Alan Fox, dean of the college of criminal justice at Northeastern
University in Boston, said the changeability of teen-agers, combined with the
knowledge that the number of people who will reach their teen-age years will
increase 1 percent a year over the next decade, makes him cautious about whether
the United States has really won a war on crime.

"Crime is down, but not out," Professor Fox said, noting that homicide rates
among juveniles remain more than twice as high as they were as recently as 1985.

The F.B.I. report, part of its Uniform Crime Reporting Program, showed that the
bulk of the decline in homicides occurred in the nation's biggest cities. In
fact, just eight cities accounted for a quarter of the drop: New York, Los
Angeles, Dallas, Houston, Detroit, Boston, St. Louis and Chicago.

Several cities, however, had increases in the number of homicides, led by
Washington, D.C., where the number rose to 397 in 1996 from 361 in 1995, and
Atlanta, where the number increased to 196 in 1996 from 184 in 1995.

Among the country's regions, only the South had an increase in serious crime in
1996, up 2 percent, the F.B.I. said.


LOAD-DATE: June 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: "BY THE NUMBERS: Where Homicides Fell in 1996 . . . and Where
They Rose" lists number of homicides known to police in major U.S. cities with
population over 100,000. Figures are provided for 1995 and 1996. (Source:
F.B.I.)(pg. B10)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 19, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Reputed New Gambino Boss Is Arrested

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 645 words


The man who the authorities say replaced John Gotti only two months ago as the
boss of the Gambino crime family was arrested in Florida yesterday on charges of
attempted murder, loan sharking and racketeering.

Federal agents arrested the man, Nicholas Corozzo, as he emerged from a swim in
the Atlantic Ocean at the Sonesta Beach Hotel in Key Biscayne, shortly before he
was to depart for New York City, the main base of his operations, investigators
said. Officials said the arrest was certain to create even more disarray in the
Gambino crime family.

"It is a very important arrest because it shows that the life expectancy of the
head of a family is not very long," said Lothar R. Genge, the lead Federal
prosecutor in the Florida case.

The arrest coincided with the unsealing of a 20-count indictment that accused
Mr. Corozzo of an array of charges, including running the Gambino gang's crime
activities in South Florida for at least four years, operating a vast loan
sharking ring that charged extortionate interest rates up to 260 percent a year
and arson.

In October, Federal and state investigators said that Mr. Corozzo was believed
to have succeeded Mr. Gotti as the godfather of the Gambino family after leaders
in the city's four other Mafia factions demanded that Mr. Gotti step down.

The other mob families -- the Genovese, Lucchese, Colombo and Bonanno factions
-- had complained that Mr. Gotti, who is serving a life sentence for murder and
racketeering, could no longer effectively run the Gambino group from a cell in
the Federal penitentiary in Marion, Ill.

In a peaceful transition, law enforcement officials said, Mr. Gotti, 56, handed
over the reins to Mr. Corozzo, also 56, who had been a steadfast supporter of
Mr. Gotti and who was the capo, or captain, of a unit known in the underworld in
Brooklyn as a crew.

"This is a big case and it is sure to cause more turmoil in the Gambino family,"
said Lewis D. Schiliro, the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's
criminal division in the city.

Mr. Corozzo, a soft-spoken man whose home is in the Canarsie section of
Brooklyn, has been arrested six times since 1960 with the charges against him
ending in dismissals or acquittals. Mr. Corozzo's brother, Joseph, 55, who the
authorities say is a Gambino captain, is serving a three-year prison sentence in
Louisiana on gambling charges.

In 1986, Nicholas Corozzo was acquitted with Mr. Gotti on Federal racketeering
charges in Brooklyn in a case that helped make Mr. Gotti a national figure. In
an unrelated case, Mr. Gotti was convicted in 1992 on Federal racketeering
charges. He then appointed Mr. Corozzo and two other capos as a temporary
administrative body for the family, according to law enforcement officials.

Indicted on racketeering charges yesterday with Mr. Corozzo were eight other men
identified by the F.B.I. as Gambino soldiers, or associates, who assist the
family in illicit operations. Another major defendant in the case is Leonard
DiMaria, 55, who officials say is Mr. Corozzo's right-hand capo who recently
took command of Mr. Corozzo's old Brooklyn crew. Mr. DiMaria was arrested by the
F.B.I. at his home in Flatlands, Brooklyn.

The indictment by a Federal grand jury in Fort Lauderdale asserted that Mr.
Corozzo had ordered the abduction and murder of an associate in the family,
Louis Maione, who was suspected of stealing $20,000 from the loan-sharking
operation. Investigators said the F.B.I. had been investigating the Florida crew
for two years and that its loan sharking activities were conducted through a
front, the E-Z Check Cashing Company in Deerfield Beach, a town near Fort
Lauderdale.

From wiretaps, the F.B.I. learned about the alleged conspiracy to murder Mr.
Maione and he cooperated with the inquiry after agents warned him that his life
was in danger, investigators said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Nicholas Corozzo at F.B.I. headquarters in Miami yesterday.
(Associated Press)




                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 20, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. Arrests A Mafia Boss In New Jersey

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1066 words


On the run for 32 months but still portrayed by Federal agents as one of the
most dangerous Mafia leaders in the country, Anthony Salvatore Casso was
captured yesterday by the F.B.I. as he emerged from his morning shower in a
hideaway in New Jersey.

Known in the underworld by his nickname of Gaspipe, Mr. Casso, the reputed
acting boss of the Lucchese crime family, was apparently traced through his use
of a cellular telephone to a split-level house in Mount Olive, N.J., a placid
township 55 miles from his usual turbulent haunts in Brooklyn.

"He came out and had a towel around him and we took him into custody," said
Bruce Gebhardt, an F.B.I. agent in Newark.

Symbol of a New Breed

The 52-year-old Mr. Casso is considered a symbol of a new breed of violent Mafia
gangsters who have arisen in the last decade to fill power vacuums in the five
long-established Mafia organizations in the New York metropolitan area. Even
while underground, agents said, Mr. Casso, capitalizing on a reign of terror,
continued to run the family through telephone calls to underlings, an intricate
messenger system and occasional visits to New York City. In fact, he was named
acting boss while a fugitive, taking control in July 1991, a year after going
into hiding to avoid an arrest on racketeering and murder charges.

Law-enforcement officials who insisted on anonymity said that investigators from
the Brooklyn District Attorney's office tracked down Mr. Casso (pronounced
CASE-oh) by tapping telephone calls he had recently made to underlings in
Brooklyn and in Nassau County. His calls on a cellular phone were traced to a
radio tower near Mount Olive in Morris County and allowed the F.B.I. to
concentrate its search in that area, the officials said.

At 11 A.M. yesterday, a squadron of 25 F.B.I. agents surrounded the brown wooden
house at 79 Waterloo Road in Mount Olive, where Mr. Casso was living. The house,
in a hilly, wooded area, was 75 feet from the road and 100 yards from the
nearest neighbor.

The agents watched a female companion of Mr. Casso, identified as Rosemarie
Billotti, leave and drive off in Jeep Cherokee.

Minutes later, they pounded on the front door, shouting, "We're the F.B.I." When
there was no answer they used a battering ram to demolish the metal door.

Mr. Gebhardt said that once inside the house, the agents heard Mr. Casso
acknowledge from the upstairs landing that he had heard the shouts for him to
surrender.

Surrendered Peacefully

The agents, Mr. Gebhardt said, warned Mr. Casso to come down with his hands
above his head. He did so peacefully.

Since going into hiding, the compactly built Mr. Casso had grown a mustache and
his usually close-cropped dark hair had been allowed to grow longer, agents
said. He also wore glasses, which he had not been known to do. Otherwise, agents
said, he had made no attempt to disguise his appearance.

No one else was in the house, Mr. Gebhardt said. A rifle and a large amount of
money was found, Mr. Gebhardt said. He did not disclose the amount.

Ms. Billotti returned later in the morning and was arrested on charges of
harboring a fugitive. Officials declined to describe her background. Mr.
Gephardt said it was unclear how long Mr. Casso had lived in Mount Olive or
where else he had been hiding for the last 32 months. The nearest neighbor,
Robert Scelfo, said he had seen no one in the house and had "no idea who was
living there."

Fraudulent Contracts

Mr. Casso was a fugitive from charges that he helped to engineer fraudulent
construction contracts in New York City and that since 1988 he had ordered the
killings of 11 people linked to the Lucchese group and had conspired to kill 3
other people.

He vanished two days before he was indicted on Federal racketeering charges in
Brooklyn in May 1990. Federal prosecutors said a paid spy in a law-enforcement
agency warned him that he and the boss of the Lucchese organization, Vittorio
Amuso, would be arrested on charges of rigging multimillion-dollar
window-installation contracts granted by the New York City Housing Authority
since 1985.

The two reputed Mafia leaders later were indicted on additional accusations of
reaping millions of dollars in kickbacks through control of the painters' union
in the city.

Mr. Amuso, who is 56 years old, was arrested in July 1991 near Scranton, Pa., by
the F.B.I. and convicted in June on racketeering charges. He was sentenced to
life imprisonment, the same term Mr. Casso faces if he is convicted on
racketeering and murder counts.

Known as a Street Brawler

Growing up on Union Street in a blue-collar South Brooklyn neighborhood, Mr.
Casso was known as a ferocious street brawler and for his marksmanship in
shooting pigeons from rooftops.

Police Department records show that by the age of 21, Mr. Casso was suspected of
being a Lucchese enforcer for bookmaking and loan-sharking operations on the
Brooklyn waterfront. In the 1970's, he became a close confederate of Mr. Amuso,
who also had the reputation of an enforcer in the Lucchese family. With Mr.
Amuso's backing, Mr. Casso soared from a lowly recruit to the summit of the
Lucchese hierarchy.

An F.B.I. and Justice Department crackdown against the Mafia led to the
convictions of most Lucchese leaders in the mid-1980's. Mr. Amuso assumed the
title of boss of the Lucchese organization in 1987 and soon made Mr. Casso his
underboss.

Brains of the Group

Federal prosecutors said Mr. Casso was the brains of the organization and was
mainly responsible for an internal war that culminated in the murders of 11
Lucchese gang members since 1988. Prosecutors said that the 11 were on a hit
list prepared by Mr. Casso of 49 people connected to the family whom he
considered rivals or disloyal.

After becoming underboss, Mr. Casso adopted a regal way of life. Agents observed
him purchase 15 $2,000 suits in single visit to a haberdashery and he frequently
picked up $1,000 restaurant bills. He built a $1 million home for himself, his
wife, Lillian, and their two children in the Mill Basin section of Brooklyn.

Mr. Casso's capture means that the top leaders of the region's five Mafia groups
-- the Gambino, Genovese, Lucchese, Colombo and Bonanno families -- are serving
long prison terms or are awaiting trial.

"Another day, another don," James Fox, head of the F.B.I's New York office, said
yesterday.

NAME: Anthony S. Casso

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Anthony Salvatore Casso, a reputed organized crime leader, was
arrested yesterday at this house in Mount Olive, N.J., by Federal Bureau of
Investigation agents who used a battering ram to break down the door. (Linda
Radin for The New York Times) (pg. B6); Mr. Casso in a surveillance photo taken
before his capture. (pg. B6)

Map of New Jersey showing location of Mount Olive.

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 14, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

2 Men Are Indicted On Racket Charges, Including 9 Murders

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 267 words


Two men identified as the top leaders of the Lucchese crime family were indicted
in Brooklyn yesterday on Federal racketeering charges that included nine
murders.

The indictment charged that Vittorio Amuso, cited as the boss of the crime
family, ordered or arranged the nine murders between 1988 and 1991. The second
defendant, Anthony Casso, was named as the underboss and charged with
involvement in seven of the murders.

The murders were added to racketeering charges already pending against Mr. Amuso
and Mr. Casso as part of an investigation of the window-installation industry.
Both men disappeared two years ago shortly before the original windows
indictment was filed.

Mr. Amuso, 57 years old, was captured last summer in Scranton, Pa., while the
trial of other defendants in the windows case was under way in Brooklyn. The
authorities are still searching for Mr. Casso, 51.

A defense lawyer, Gerald L. Shargel, said Mr. Amuso, who is currently in jail,
would plead not guilty and challenge the charges in court.

Much of the information about the murders has apparently been provided by two
informers, Peter Chiodo and Alfonse D'Arco, who began cooperating with the
authorities last year. Mr. D'Arco was said to have served as acting boss of
Lucchese group after Mr. Amuso fled.

Mr. Chiodo, a Lucchese captain, testified in the windows trial last year after
he had been shot and severely wounded in an assassination attempt.  The
attempted murder of Mr. Chiodo was also added to the new charges.

In his testimony, Mr. Chiodo admitted his participation in several of the
murders.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 4, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

SCARFO AND 11 INDICTED IN JERSEY AS CRIME CONSPIRATORS

BYLINE: By DONALD JANSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 485 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Nov. 3


Twelve men, including Nicodemo Scarfo, said by prosecutors to be the boss of a
Philadelphia organized-crime family, have been indicted on charges of loan
sharking, extortion and conducting an illegal gambling business in a
racketeering conspiracy, Attorney General W. Cary Edwards announced today.

The others are Mr. Scarfo's nephew, Philip Leonetti of Margate, N.J., and 10
Philadelphians. They and Mr. Leonetti's Atlantic City concrete company, Scarf
Inc., were named in an indictment handed up by a state grand jury Friday and
unsealed today after the arrests of all but one of the suspects.

Mr. Scarfo also was charged with being the boss of ''the Scarfo organized crime
family,'' previously the Bruno crime family based in Philadelphia, and with
supervising the illegal activities of the others.

He was arraigned before Judge Richard Williams of Superior Court in Atlantic
City and held in the Atlantic County jail in Mays Landing on $400,000 bail. Mr.
Leonetti, described as a Scarfo ''captain,'' was held on $300,000 bail.

The indictment charges that the Scarfo family operated illegal activities
primarily in Atlantic City and Philadelphia, but also in Ocean City, Margate and
Wildwood, N.J., and Fort Lauderdale, Fla.

Mr. Scarfo, who is 57 years old, faces a maximum prison term of 55 years, the
others less, if convicted.

The list of Philadelphia defendants read like a who's who of people cited as
organized crime figures in law enforcement records. Two were described in the
indictment as Scarfo captains, six as ''soldiers'' and two as ''associates.''

Six more Philadelphians were indicted separately for conspiracy to promote
gambling, making a total of 18 people named in two indictments.

Mr. Edwards said the state hoped to shut down the Scarfo organization.

''It will put a major dent in their organization,'' he said, ''even if some
third stringers might be prepared to move up.''

The ''captains'' indicted, in addition to Mr. Leonetti, were Thomas DelGiorno
and Frank Iannarella. The ''soldiers'' were listed as Salvatore Grande, Joseph
Grande, Joseph Pungitore, Joseph Ligambi, John Ciancaglini and Gary Tavella.

Ralph Staino and Gary Iaconelli were described as ''associates'' who used
intimidation and violence to collect loans that the organization made to
gamblers at usurious interest rates ranging up to 260 percent a year.

Authorities with a search warrant seized books and records today at Scarf Inc.,
on North Georgia Avenue in Atlantic City. The indictment said the company
offices were a headquarters for the crime family.

Mr. Edwards said the investigation, called Operation Tiger Shark, began last
year and had the help of the State Commission of Investigation, the Atlantic
County Prosecutor, Federal authorities in Philadelphia, the Philadelphia and
Ocean City, N. J., police and the Metropolitan Organized Crime Intelligence Unit
of Broward County, Fla.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Nicodemo Scarfo and nephew Philip Loenetti being escorted from
courtroom (AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 4, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

3 IN HAWAII ARREST TIED TO JAPANESE CRIME GROUP

BYLINE: By ROBERT TRUMBULL, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 555 words

DATELINE: HONOLULU, Sept. 3


Drug-enforcement officers here and in Hong Kong have arrested eight men
described as major Japanese crime figures, and seized heroin and other drugs
with a street value put at $56 million, Federal officials announced today.

United States Attorney Daniel Bent said the operation ''appears to be the most
significant prosecution of Japanese crime'' in the United States.

One of three suspects arrested Monday in Honolulu, Masashi Takenaka, was
identified by the authorities here as the head of Japan's largest organized
crime syndicate, the Yamaguchi-gumi, based in Osaka. The other two men arrested
here, Toyohiko Itoh and Kiyoshi Kajita, also hold high rank in the Osaka
criminal organization, officials said.

Brother Slain in January

Mr. Takenaka, 48 years old, was identified as the younger brother of Masahisa
Takenaka, who was known as Japan's Godfather. Masahisa Takenaka led the
Yamaguchi-gumi until he was slain in Japan in January.

The Yamaguchi-gumi, with a membership estimated by the authorities at 10,000 to
11,000 members, is the dominant group in the Japanese organized-crime community,
known as the Yakuza.

Local police officers and Federal law-enforcement officials said the Yakuza was
becoming increasingly involved in prostitution, gambling and other crimes on the
United States mainland after establishing itself in Honolulu more than a decade
ago.

Yakuza members are easily identified by their traditional tatooing, which often
covers most of the body, and sometimes by a partly amputated finger. Gang
members customarily cut off part of a finger to atone for infractions of the
Yakuza code.

The three men arrested in Honolulu Monday were arraigned in a Federal Court here
today on criminal charges. The complaint alleged, among other things, that Mr.
Takenaka and others had conspired to recruit American associates and to smuggle
100 handguns, five machine guns and three rocket launchers into Japan from
Hawaii.

Law-enforcement authorities have said that the Yakuza was establishing a small
by growing presence in the United States in recent years. ''Some form of Yakuza
elements are beginning to be operational in at leaset Hawaii, California,
Nevada, Colorado and perhaps New York,'' James D. Harmon Jr., chief counsel to
the President's Commission on Organized Crime, said at a hearing in New York in
October.

The principal victims of the small number of Yakuza members beleived to be
operating in the United States were Japanese tourists and business travelers,
according to law-enforcement officials.

Investigators said that there are indications more and more members are
emigrating to the United States because of a crackdown in Japan and because of
the growing Japanese economic activity here.

Billions From Crime

TIn Japan, the Yakuza is said to control a multibillion -dollar empire of
gambling, prostitution, drug-dealing, gun-smuggling and loan sharking. The
Japanese authorities have also linked the 250-year-old group to a number of
legal enterprises.

According to the Japanese National Police Agency, the Yakuza includes more than
2,000 Japanese criminal organizations with a total membership of 96,000.

The seized narcotics, collected over a year-long investigation here and in Hong
Kong, included 2 pounds of heroin and 32 pounds of amphetamines, agents said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 23, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Judge Dismisses a Subpoena For Reputed Crime Chieftain

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 26, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: CAMDEN, N.J., June 22


A Federal judge on Friday agreed to dismiss a subpoena for the testimony of
Nicodemo Scarfo, the reputed organized-crime boss of Philadelphia and Atlantic
City, before the President's Commission on Organized Crime.

Mr. Scarfo's attorneys had argued that the presence of judges on the panel
conflicted with the constitutional separation of powers. The panel's chairman is
Judge Irving R. Kaufman of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit in New York.

The deputy executive director of the commission, Rodney Smith, said it wanted to
question Mr. Scarfo, 55 years old, about the infiltration of gambling into
Atlantic City casinos.

The ruling to block the subpoena was made by Judge John F. Gerry of District
Court here. He indicated that his opinion was based on an earlier ruling by an
appeals court in Atlanta.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             August 14, 2016 Sunday

Florida complies on hate crime reports

BYLINE: Carole Fader

SECTION: Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 264 words


An analysis by The Associated Press found that thousands of law enforcement
agencies do not report hate crimes.

But that wasn't the case in Florida.

The state obviously makes reporting a priority, and compliance is nearly
universal.

The AP investigation identified more than 2,700 city police and county sheriff's
departments across the country that have not submitted a single hate crime
report for the FBI's annual crime tally during the past six years - about 17
percent of all city and county law enforcement agencies nationwide.

In Florida, only two of the 326 law enforcement agencies in the state as listed
in the AP analysis were missing from FBI hate crimes lists from 2009 through
2014, a 0.61 percentage. Only seven states had a better percentage - California,
Connecticut, Delaware, Nevada, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Washington.

The two Florida agencies that never reported hate crimes over the past six years
were the Belle Isle Police Department in Orange County and the Orchid Police
Department in Indian River County, according to the AP analysis. Other agencies
that were inconsistent about reporting the crimes over the six-year period were
the Midway Police Department in Gadsden County and the Pinecrest Police
Department, in the village of Pinecrest in Miami-Dade County.

Georgia also fared well in the AP analysis. A total of 51 of Georgia's 546 law
enforcement agencies did not report any hate crimes, a percentage of 9.34.

The state with the worst reporting percentage was Mississippi with 64.47 percent
of agencies not reporting any hate crimes over the analysis period.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Florida Times-Union


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              March 6, 2011 Sunday

Just about every state but Wyoming has hate-crimes law

BYLINE: Josh Mitchell

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 469 words


By Josh Mitchell

jmitchell@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Wyoming is one of only five states in the country that does not have
a hate-crimes law.

The lack of such a law in Wyoming makes it difficult to track the crimes,
according to officials.

Wyoming Division of Criminal Investigation Director Forrest Bright said a hate-
crimes law would help in the reporting of the crimes.

For instance, he said the 1998 murder of gay University of Wyoming student
Matthew Shepherd was only identified as a homicide, not as a hate crime.

The other states that do not have a hate-crimes law are Arkansas, Georgia, South
Carolina and Indiana.

Scott Levin, director of the Anti-Defamation League in Denver, said it is ironic
that many states adopted hate-crimes laws after the Shepherd murder, but Wyoming
didn't do so itself.

The Anti-Defamation League believes Wyoming should have a hate-crimes law to
give comfort to groups of people who may be the target of such violence.

But state Rep. Mary Throne, D-Cheyenne, does not think a hate-crimes law would
pass in Wyoming.

"We just don't like to put lots of laws on the books in Wyoming," she said.

State Sen. Wayne Johnson, R-Cheyenne, said he thinks Wyoming should have a hate-
crimes law.

Currently, offenses that could be prosecuted under a hate-crimes statute would
be misdemeanors, Johnson said.

For instance, he said if KKK pamphlets were put under a window at a church, the
only crime would be littering.

Bright said his agency has received reports that there are a few individuals in
Wyoming associated

See Law, page A8

LAW

Continued from A7

with hate groups.

But he said those individuals are allegedly involved with groups in other
states.

In his 10 years as the Laramie County district attorney, Scott Homar can't
recall any crimes being committed here that were based on race, religion or
sexual preference.

"It's not something that we see," he said.

Homar said the state's current laws are adequate and that a hate-crimes statute
isn't necessary.

In Wyoming, no crimes have been prosecuted under the latest federal hate-crimes
law passed in 2009, according to John Powell, spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's
Office.

That law, called the Matthew Shepherd and James Byrd Hate Crime Prevention Act,
expanded the 1969 federal hate-crimes law to include crimes in which gender,
sexual orientation, gender identity or disability was the motivating factor.

Powell said he spoke with two senior attorneys at the agency, and they could not
recall a crime being prosecuted in Wyoming under the 1969 law, either.

According to the FBI, there have been no recent reports of hate crimes in
Wyoming.

Likewise, Laramie County Sheriff Danny Glick and Cheyenne Police Chief Brian
Kozak said they do not know of any hate crimes being committed here. Kozak and
Glick also said they are unaware of any local hate groups.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday

NY SAFEST OF ALL BIG CITIES

BYLINE: BILL SANDERSON

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 280 words


One small thing about the Big Apple is the crime rate - New York is America's
safest big city by a mile, new FBI crime stats show.

New York has the lowest crime rate of the 25 largest cities in the country,
Mayor Bloomberg announced yesterday. And of the 261 cities with more than
100,000 residents, New York's crime rate ranked 246th.

Violent crime plunged 4 percent in New York last year, outpacing the national
crime decline of 2.5 percent.

The city's overall violent-crime decrease in 2008 was led by a 9 percent drop in
assaults - a plunge that offset spikes in other categories, including a 5.4
percent increase in murders, a 1.7 percent hike in rapes and a 1.8 percent boost
in robberies.

In what's surely more good news for Bloomberg's re-election campaign, crime also
dropped sharply in the first five months of 2009, according to NYPD data.

Murders led the year's downward trend, dropping 21.1 percent, the NYPD said.

Rapes, robberies and felony assaults are down, too.

"There have been 43 fewer murders, 1,415 fewer robberies and 491 fewer cars
stolen than this same time just a year ago," Bloomberg said.

"Using innovative policing strategies and a focus on keeping guns out of the
hands of criminals, we are continuing to do more with less, in spite of the
economic downturn."

Following New York in the lower crime rates for big cities were San Jose, Los
Angeles, San Diego, Las Vegas, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Houston, Dallas and San
Antonio.

The story was far grimmer in small-town America in 2008.

Places with fewer than 10,000 residents charted a 5.5 percent rise in murders, a
1.4 percent increase in rape and a 3.9 percent rise in robbery.

With AP

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             October 7, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

It's a crime, and you're CSI's clue collector

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: AUDIENCE; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 300 words


Fans of CBS' popular TV series ''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation'' get a chance
to work a crime scene themselves in a touring exhibition that is at the Museum
of Science in Boston.

Visitors to ''CSI: The Experience'' receive a video introduction, including cast
members from the TV series, to the interactive exhibit. Then visitors assume the
role of crime-scene investigators, choosing between three simulated crime
scenes.

At the selected crime scene, visitors will identify and gather evidence and
record their findings, examine crime-scene photos and, in a recreated crime lab,
analyze materials. At the conclusion of their investigation, visitors tally
their findings via a computerized survey and get a video evaluation by none
other than Gil Grissom.

After visitors wrap up their investigation, they can check out the miniature
crime scenes used as props for the serial-killer story line during last season's
''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.''

The touring exhibit, which was developed by the Fort Worth Museum of Science and
History, will be at the Museum of Science in Boston through Jan. 1. Admission is
by timed ticket. The ticket includes an admission voucher to the museum's
general exhibition halls. Tickets are $23, $20.50 for adults 60 and older and
$19 for children 3 to 11. Call (617) 723-2500 or go to www.mos.org for
reservations and more information.Editor's Note: Calendar lists events on Monday
through Sunday. For a listing of events happening today, please see ''Out &
About'' on Page F6. To Submit items for Calendar, send mail to Community News at
Portland Press Herald/Maine Sunday Telegram, 390 Congress St., Portland, ME
04101, or send e-mail to communitynews@pressherald.com or a fax to 791-6920.
Items should be submitted three weeks in advance. For information, call
791-6305.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Fort Worth Museum of Science and History
A simulated crime scene in ''CSI: The Experience'' allows visitors to try to
solve a crime. The exhibit is at the Museum of Science in Boston through Jan. 1,
2008.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                              April 2, 2006 Sunday

$2.5M federal grant to help fight Rt. 222 corridor crime

BYLINE: Lancaster New Era Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 232  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Lancaster and four other cities along the Route 222 corridor to Allentown will
share $2.5 million to fight drug trafficking and other crime, federal law
enforcement officials announced Friday.

The grant money comes from a $15 million allocation to fight "some of the most
violent and pervasive gangs in the country," U.S. Attorney General Alberto R.
Gonzales said.

The cities along the Route 222 corridor here - Lancaster, Reading, Bethlehem,
Easton and Allentown - are among much larger metropolitan areas targeted by law
enforcement.

Others include Los Angeles; Tampa, Fla.; Cleveland, Ohio; the Dallas/Ft. Worth
area; and Milwaukee, Wisc.

The money is to be used for crime prevention, enforcement efforts and programs
to assist released prisoners re-entering society.

The Route 222 corridor and the other areas were chosen based on a variety of
factors, including the severity of the gang problem.

Prevention efforts focus on reducing youth-gang crime and violence by addressing
personal, family and community factors that contribute to juvenile delinquency
and gang activity.

Money funding enforcement efforts will be concentrated on the most significant
violent gang offenders.

And funding for prisoner re-entry assistance will boost programs that provide
transitional housing, job readiness and placement help, substance abuse
treatment and mental health treatment to those re-entering society.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 1, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

Local officers study high-tech crime

BYLINE: MARGARET REIST, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


The seminar in Lincoln offers tips on investigating white-collar crimes.

The big guns arrived in town Thursday, to teach police officers how to fight
crimes where the weapons are computers and spread sheets.

Lincoln officers were joined by those from Kansas, Iowa, Missouri, South Dakota,
North Dakota, Wisconsin and Minnesota for a seminar on fighting white-collar
crime.

Lincoln police officials requested the seminar, conducted by the National White
Collar Crime Center out of Richmond, Va.

The federally funded nonprofit organization was created about 20 years ago to
help train law enforcement officers, as well as aid them in their
investigations.

LPD's white-collar crime unit began in the mid-1980s when Commonwealth  Savings
Co. collapsed and investigators were confronted with a building full of
financial documents they had to analyze.

Technology in recent years - during which terms such as "identity theft" have
become commonplace - has created a host of challenges for investigators.

"This is just growing by leaps and bounds nationwide, and Lincoln is no
exception,'' said Lincoln Police Chief Tom Casady.

The use of computers - and manipulation of numbers and information on those
computers - is a part of nearly all crimes now, not just financial ones.

"Rarely today do you have a crime committed where there is not a computer being
used in some fashion,'' said Ken Brooks, deputy director of the national center.

In Lincoln, there's been a spate of traditional embezzlement cases, but even
those often involve the use of more sophisticated technology.

"The crimes are the same, (but) the methodology they use is so much more
sophisticated,'' Brooks said.

And because technology moves forward so quickly, law enforcement must do what it
can to keep up.

Casady said he suspects LPD is ahead of the curve in terms of training and
white-collar investigators. But that doesn't mean they know everything they need
to know.

"I suspect we're quite a bit ahead of the curve (compared with departments in
cities of similar size),'' he said. "That's not to brag because I'm quite sure
we're significantly behind the criminal curve.''

Which is one of the reasons they asked the national center to come to Lincoln.

Brooks said Thursday's conference was to give investigator's an overview of
crimes and criminals and the latest investigative techniques available to catch
them.

"We saw it as an opportunity to come out and let people know what we do,'' he
said.

Reach Margaret Reist at 473-7226 or mreist@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 June 21, 2005 Tuesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Violent crime down in larger bay cities

BYLINE: CARRIE JOHNSON; JACOB H. FRIES

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 663 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG


National crime statistics released Monday showed a slight decrease in the number
of murders in St. Petersburg last year, but the downward trend hasn't continued
into 2005.

Nineteen homicides were committed in St. Petersburg in 2004, down from 22 the
year before, according to the FBI, which keeps crime statistics for each U.S.
municipality.

But St. Petersburg police records, which are more current, show 14 homicides
between January and May of this year, up from seven in the same time period last
year.

St. Petersburg police Chief Chuck Harmon called the 2005 number "worrisome" but
said homicide is one of the most difficult crimes to prevent.

"It's such a hard category," he said. "But if you're not in a relationship where
there's domestic abuse and if you aren't associated with drugs, then the chances
of being killed in St. Petersburg by homicide are virtually none."

The department has cracked down on drugs and domestic violence to reduce crime.

Harmon also said it was too early in the year to be alarmed. Crime statistics
may even out as time passes, he said.

"Things happen in cycles, so we're not going to make any predictions," Harmon
said.

Despite the rise in homicides, crime as a whole is down in St. Petersburg,
Harmon said. Police records show the number of violent crimes was down 12
percent the first five months of this year from the same period last year, and
property crime fell 5 percent.

"Overall, I'm happy with this year's numbers," Harmon said.

The FBI statistics showed Clearwater had a slight increase in homicides in 2004,
from four to seven. The city already has had seven homicides this year.

Police spokesman Wayne Shelor dismissed the bump, saying crime statistics, like
weather patterns, fluctuate slightly from year to year without explanation.

"If there is any comfort in the homicide increase, it's the fact the numbers are
comparatively small to similarly sized cities," Shelor said. "Homicide touches a
minuscule percentage of the population."

Two cities of comparable size - South Bend, Ind., and Springfield, Ill. -
reported 10 murders in 2004.

St. Petersburg, Clearwater and Tampa all saw a decrease in overall violent crime
in 2004.

In St. Petersburg, the drop was less than 1 percent. In Clearwater, the number
decreased by 12 percent, from 1,162 to 1,022. Both also experienced a decline in
the number of robberies.

Perhaps the most startling statistic was a climb in the number of forcible rapes
in St. Petersburg. There were 128 rapes reported in 2004, a nearly 21 percent
increase from the 106 reported the previous year.

But Harmon said St. Petersburg still compared favorably with other similarly
sized cities. For example, Orlando reported 174 rapes last year while
Jacksonville had 209.

In Clearwater, rapes dipped to 39 from 53. Other crimes were also down, with
robberies dropping to 218 from 253, and property crimes, including burglaries
and car thefts, plummeting by nearly 10 percent, from 5,572 to 5,022.

Shelor attributed the declines in part to the department's community policing
efforts.

"Citizens are getting involved," he said. "They have had a part in the reduction
of crime in their own community."

In Tampa, crime dropped by more than 12 percent, the largest drop in two
decades. Violent crime fell by 9.7 percent, and property crime fell 12.7 percent
between 2003 and 2004.

"Tampa is a safer place to live," said police Chief Steve Hogue.

Carrie Johnson can be reached at (727) 892-2273 or cjohnson@sptimes.com. Staff
writer Shannon Colavecchio-Van Sickler contributed to this report.

DROP IN CRIME

Here's how St. Petersburg's and Tampa's numbers stack up tothe rest of the
nation, in terms of percentage:

Violent crime    Property crime

St. Petersburg                           0                  5

Tampa                                -9.68             -12.70

Nationwide

(population 250,000 to 400,000)        1.3               -4.2

Nationwide

(all municipalities)                  -1.7               -1.8

Source: FBI

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE

GRAPHIC: CHART; Chart shows how St. Petersburg and Tampa violent and property
crime numbers have dropped, in percentages, in comparison to the rest of the
nation.

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 29, 2004, Monday, FINAL EDITION

High-tech 'bait cars' catch unsuspecting auto thieves

BYLINE: Peter Eisler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- A thief slips into a car, hot-wires the ignition and drives off.
But within blocks, the car mysteriously shuts off, the doors lock and police
swoop in. Busted.

Dozens of police departments are catching car thieves just like this, with new,
high-tech "bait cars" that officers can track -- and control -- from afar.


Bait cars are a tantalizing weapon in combating one of the nation's most common
and costly crimes. Some police departments credit bait-car programs with
reducing auto thefts by more than 25%. Insurance companies like the idea so much
that some have begun buying bait cars for police.

Car theft losses "ultimately are picked up by everyone -- me, you, even
President Bush," says Frank Scafidi of the National Insurance Crime Bureau, an
industry-funded group set up to cut crime-related payouts. "Anything we can
provide (police) to help cut down on this problem saves everyone money . . .
and these (bait cars) work."

Last year, nearly 1.3 million cars were stolen nationwide, or about one every 25
seconds. U.S. insurers paid $338 billion in related claims.

A few police forces began using bait cars in the late 1990s, and they've gotten
increasingly popular.

Today, more than 100 departments use them. In the Phoenix area, about a dozen
departments have them. In Minnesota, more than 20 do. New programs are in place
or being developed in Texas, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Indiana, Virginia, California
and Washington.

Bait cars are outfitted with satellite tracking equipment. But many are more
sophisticated and let police shut down the engine and lock the doors. Some have
hidden cameras to film suspects at the wheel.

The Minneapolis Police Department was among the first to use bait cars. Today,
the force has 10 and nets nearly a suspect a week. And bad guys seem to be
getting the message. "In the first six months of the program, auto theft dropped
37%," says officer Wayne Johnson, who helped start the program and now advises
departments nationwide on bait cars.

"We had one guy who stole a car to go to court," he says. "He was stopped right
outside City Hall. We just had to take him around the block to the other side of
the building to the jail entrance."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, color, Alejandro Gonzalez, USA TODAY, Source:National
Insurance Crime Bureau(Bar graph)

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     January 8, 2003 Wednesday Home Edition

Safer streets possible, army of cops or not

BYLINE: CYNTHIA TUCKER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 645 words


Since the 1970s, Atlanta has struggled with an image as a violent, crime-ridden
urban core where visiting business executives and suburbanites should exercise
extreme caution. A lifeless downtown, with little activity after dark,
contributes to the perception that the city is dangerous.

Let's face it: There is much truth behind the perception. While Atlanta's
political leaders and tourism officials have long railed against the portrayal
of Atlanta as an urban wasteland, the city had a high rate of violent crime for
decades.

A few high-profile crimes helped to keep the image imbedded in the public
consciousness. It was hard to forget the 1998 murders of three tourists at a
downtown hotel or the January 2000 stabbings of two men outside a Buckhead bar
after they tangled with the entourage of Baltimore Ravens player Ray Lewis.

Those incidents did not change the fact that by the late 1990s, Atlanta had
begun to enjoy a reprieve as violent crime crested and then began to fall,
mirroring the trend in cities around the country. The latest FBI Uniform Crime
Report, with statistics for the first six months of 2002, showed that violent
crime continues to drop here.

Sgt. John Quigley, police department spokesman, expects the city's final numbers
for 2002 to be the lowest for serious crime since 1974, which would be a
dramatic improvement over the 1980s and early 1990s.

But Atlanta cannot afford to rest on its laurels. As the economic downturn drags
on, violent crime may begin to rise. (In some cities, it already has.) Though
criminologists disagree about why crime rises, many believe that hard economic
times contribute to an uptick.

"The economy continually tanking and unemployment rates increasing cannot be a
good thing in terms of crime, and it is one of the things, obviously, that
police can't control," Michael Jacobson, a New York criminologist, recently told
The New York Times.

Atlanta should have done more to curb crime during the '90s, when times were
good. But the Atlanta Police Department foundered, partly because the police
chief, Beverly Harvard, did not inspire confidence in her troops. Too often her
boss, the publicity-hungry Bill Campbell, elbowed her out of the spotlight
during major investigations. As morale plummeted, veteran officers left the
force.

So Atlanta was unable to capitalize on the techniques that played out so well in
Boston and New York City, which now has the lowest crime rate of any of the 25
largest cities. Indeed, New York's murder rate per capita is lower now than that
of New Orleans or Atlanta.

Able to hire a small army of cops during the boom years, New York emphasized
curbing even minor crimes such as fare-jumping on subways. Its crime experts
argued that punishing minor offenders kept them from graduating to more serious
crimes. It also created an environment wherein citizens were less tolerant of
criminal activity.

Atlanta will not be able to duplicate New York's hiring policy. With Atlanta
City Hall struggling to make its payroll, it won't even be able to fill the
ranks out to 2,000 police officers, as Campbell famously promised, but failed,
to do. Atlanta currently has about 1,600 sworn police officers.

But Mayor Shirley Franklin and her newly hired police chief, Richard Pennington,
have pledged to adopt some of New York's strategies, including mapping high
crime areas so that police can target them. They have also promised a renewed
emphasis on quality-of-life issues affecting downtown, especially panhandling
and public drunkenness.

Unlike her predecessor, Franklin understands that Atlanta will have to work hard
to wipe out the lingering perception that it's a dangerous place to live, work
and play. The trick is to concentrate on actually making the city safer.

Cynthia Tucker's column appears Wednesdays and Sundays.

cynthia@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Atlanta Chief of Police Richard J. Pennington intends to adopt
some of New York City's strategies for fighting crime.

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 23, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

Juvenile Crime Rises Sharply in Fairfax

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C05; CRIME AND JUSTICE

LENGTH: 124 words


Crimes in Fairfax County jumped 4.1 percent last year, mostly because of
increases in burglaries and thefts, according to the county's annual crime
report.

Juvenile crime in the county remained a top concern: The number of arrests
involving youths who deal or use drugs skyrocketed from 226 in 1994 to 363 last
year. The number of youths charged with other serious crimes also climbed, from
925 in 1994 to 1,133 last year. At the same time, the number of adults charged
with serious crimes increased at a much slower rate, from 4,237 to 4,256, the
report said.

"The issue with juvenile arrests is . . . indicative of something happening in
the . . . D.C. area," Police Chief M. Douglas Scott said at a news conference
Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 6, 1996, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Closing of illegal casino called blow to crime ring;
Investigators say Asian gang starting to infiltrate Atlanta

BYLINE: Bill Rankin; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 04B; Pg. 06B

LENGTH: 355 words


With the shutdown of a Doraville gambling casino Sunday, federal agents say they
have cracked a major Asian organized crime ring with traditional strongholds on
the East and West coasts.

More than two dozen people were arrested nationwide over the weekend after a
two-year probe. The investigation was headquartered in an undercover "front"
business set up by the FBI and Immigration and Naturalization Service in
Atlanta, U.S. Attorney Kent Alexander said Monday. Twelve of the people charged
in the crime ring lived in Atlanta, he said.

"We're not talking Lotto or Fantasy 5," Alexander said. "We're talking illegal
gambling activity and money laundering."

Woody Johnson, FBI Special Agent in Charge, said that Asian organized crime
rings have grown rapidly in the United States with main operations out of New
York, San Francisco and Los Angeles. But in recent years, he said, the ring also
has infiltrated Atlanta.

"We don't want it to become what the Cosa Nostra became in this country,"
Johnson said referring to the Sicilian Mafia. "We want to stop it here now."

The alleged illegal casino in Doraville operated out of the Atlanta chapter of
the Hip Sing Tong Association on New Peachtree Road, Alexander said. The
gambling games included Pai Gow, a type of poker, and Mah- jongg.

Using the phony storefront, named "Jasmine Inc.," federal agents invested almost
$ 500,000 in the alleged crime ring's bookmaking and casino operations,
Assistant U.S. Attorney James Deichert said.

Undercover federal agents also told members of the alleged crime ring they had
large sums of cash they had collected from Colombian cocaine trafficking that
they wanted to launder, Deichert said. "We literally had people knocking on our
door seeking to get that money into their gambling operations."

Additionally, nine members of the Fujien Fellowship Association of Southeast
America face drug conspiracy charges. These charges stem from Fujien Association
members allegedly helping deliver 5,000 pounds of marijuana and 120 pounds of
cocaine in an undercover operation supervised by FBI agents, the indictment
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 7, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Plan puts focus on public housing crime

BYLINE: Sam Vincent Meddis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 360 words


A Clinton administration pledge to attack violence in public housing projects is
drawing praise from the nation's crime-beleaguered mayors.

Public housing residents are entitled to "what all Americans want - a decent
place to live, a healthy environment in which to raise their children," Vice
President Gore said Friday when Operation Safe Home was unveiled.

The plan calls for HUD to dedicate more than $ 800 million to the program: About
$ 480 million in existing funds will be refocused to anti-crime programs, while
the Clinton administration seeks $ 340 million in the budget to be unveiled
today.

Louisville Mayor Jerry Abramson, president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors,
says the initiative appears to be a further sign that the Clinton administration
is developing a "comprehensive perspective" in fighting crime.

A chief goal of the plan is to create more coordination among federal agencies -
increasing arrests of violent gang members, clearing dwellings that have become
crack houses and reducing the number of illegal weapons.

One of the more novel measures will be to use Secret Service agents to help make
housing more secure. "They'll look at the lighting, they'll look at the fences,
they'll look at the exits, they'll recommend how to make those places safer,"
said Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen.

Violent crime often hits public housing hardest - as in Los Angeles, where the
violent crime rate of 67 per 1,000 people in public housing areas has been far
higher than the citywide rate of 22 per 1,000 in recent years.

Many of the nation's public housing complexes are little more than
"concentrations of the underclass," with high unemployment and hopelessness,
says American University criminologist James Lynch.

But problems can be fought, experts say:

In Alexandria, Va., police are offered free housing, paid utilities and use of
patrol cars for living in public complexes.

In Charleston, S.C., crime in public housing areas was cut 40% over four years
after more police were stationed there.

"There are a lot of things that can be done," says Nolan Jones, National
Governors' Association crime specialist.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Wilfredo Lee, AP

CRIME; See related stories; 04A

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 9, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Prison Population Growing Although Crime Rate Drops

BYLINE: By FOX BUTTERFIELD

SECTION: Section 1; Page 18; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 805 words


The nation's prison population grew by 5.2 percent in 1997, according to the
Justice Department, even though crime has been declining for six straight years,
suggesting that the imprisonment boom has developed a built-in growth dynamic
independent of the crime rate, experts say.

In a new report, the Justice Department said the number of Americans in local
jails and in state and Federal prisons rose to 1,725,842 in 1997, up from 1.1
million in 1990. During that period, the incarceration rate in state and Federal
prisons rose to 445 per 100,000 Americans in 1997, up from 292 per 100,000 in
1990.

As for why the number of prisoners continues to grow while crime drops, Martin
Horn, Pennsylvania's Secretary of Corrections, said: "You have to understand
that as incarcerating more people has helped reduce crime, the number of people
we sent to prison in previous years is tending to build up, creating a delayed
effect. So you've built in this escalating growth."

In the short term, Mr. Horn said, "most people who work in the prison business
don't look for drops in crime to lead to drops in the prison population; the two
lines are somewhat independent." But, he added: "If crime stayed down for the
long term, then the incarceration rate might fall. But crime never does stay
down for long."

Among the specific reasons for the continued growth in the prison population,
Mr. Horn and other experts said, are longer sentences, reduced use of parole,
increased arrests of parole violators, sending them back to prison, and improved
efficiency by the police in solving crimes as there are fewer crimes to solve.

The report, by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, the statistical branch of the
Justice Department, found that violent offenses accounted for the largest source
of growth among male prisoners in 1997, 52 percent of their total increase. But
drug crimes constituted the biggest source of growth for female inmates, 45
percent of their total.

Using new methods to analyze the race of state and Federal prisoners, the report
found that the incarceration rate for black men in 1996 was 3,096 per 100,000,
eight times the rate for white men, 370 per 100,000, and more than double the
rate for Hispanic men, 1,276 per 100,000. The figures provided one of the most
powerful illustrations of racial disparity in the nation's prisons.

At the end of 1996, the report also said, there were more black men in prison
than whites, 526,200 to 510,900.  The racial disparities were particularly
striking among young men, the report found, with 8.3 percent of black men age 25
to 29 in prison in 1996, compared with 2.6 percent of Hispanic men in the same
age group and 0.8 percent of white men of those ages.

There are also sharp regional differences in incarceration rates, according to
the report, with 7 of the 10 states with the highest rates being in the South,
led by Texas with a rate of 717 prisoners per 100,000 and Louisiana with 672 per
100,000. The states with the lowest rates were North Dakota, 112 prisoners per
100,000; Minnesota, 113 per 100,000; Maine, 124 per 100,000, and Vermont,
140,000 per 100,000.

Over all, the South had the highest incarceration rate, with 506 prisoners per
100,000, while the Northeast had the lowest rate, 317 per 100,000. The South has
long had the highest crime rates of any region, but the report did not try to
analyze whether the South's high incarceration rate was a result of its high
crime rate or a matter of public policy favoring tough sentencing laws.

Allen J. Beck, one of the authors of the report, said that to understand how the
number of prisoners nationwide could continue to grow while crime fell, it was
important to remember that "the sources of growth are independent, to a certain
extent, of crime."

Many states, for example, have adopted tougher sentencing laws, with mandatory
minimum sentences, and this is helping increase the amount of time prisoners
serve, which in turn increases the prison population. In addition, some states
have abolished parole, and in many other states parole boards have much less
discretion than they used to, Mr. Beck said, changes that also lengthen the
amount of time prisoners serve. In 1990, decisions by parole boards accounted
for 39.4 percent of all prisoners released, a sharp drop from 55 percent in
1980.

Still another reason for the growth, while crime drops, is that an increasing
number of prisoners are being incarcerated for parole violations, about 30
percent today compared with 15 percent in 1980, Mr. Beck said. That means that
the larger the number of prisoners, the bigger the number of people who will
someday be released, and then, either because of their own criminal propensities
or their experience behind bars, will be likely to commit some new violation and
be rearrested.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "A CLOSER LOOK: Regional Disparity"
States with the highest and lowest rates of Federal and state prisoners in 1997.


                                                          PER 100,000
                                        PRISONERS              PEOPLE
HIGHEST
Texas                                     140,729                 717
Louisiana                                  29,265                 672
Oklahoma                                   20,542                 617
South Carolina                             21,173                 536
Mississippi                                15,447                 531
Nevada                                      9,024                 518
Alabama                                    22,290                 500
Arizona                                    23,484                 484
California                                157,547                 475
Georgia                                    36,450                 472
Connecticut                                18,521                 397
New York                                   70,026                 386
New Jersey                                 28,361                 351

LOWEST
North Dakota                                  797                 112
Minnesota                                   5,326                 113
Maine                                       1,620                 124
Vermont                                     1,270                 140
West Virginia                               3,172                 174
New Hampshire                               2,164                 184
Nebraska                                    3,402                 200
Utah                                        4,284                 205
Rhode Island                                3,371                 213
Oregon                                      7,999                 232


(Source: Bureau of Justice Statistics)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 23, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Crime Is Down, Again

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 26;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 624 words


Violent crime has been declining in New York City for several years, and at
dramatic rates in the last two. The recent multiple killings in the Bronx and
Harlem have drawn national headlines, but in fact crime has fallen more over a
longer period of time in New York City than in most other big cities or in the
nation as a whole. Either a major social phenomenon is under way or the police
and the criminal justice system deserve substantial credit.

Consider the following remarkable statistic. According to Federal Bureau of
Investigation numbers issued last weekend, serious crimes throughout the country
went down 1 percent, or about 67,000 crimes, in the first six months of 1995,
compared with the same period a year earlier. In that same period in New York
City there were 41,000 fewer crimes, or about a 16 percent drop.

The big gains cannot continue indefinitely. In the last six months, murder and
some other serious crimes in New York City dropped at a slightly lower rate than
they did in the first six months of 1995. But the police say they are certain
there is no significant tapering off of the declines in crime rates. They note
that crime in the second half of this year has dropped at a more rapid rate than
it did in the second half of 1994. The police project about 1,200 murders this
year, a remarkable drop from the 2,245 in 1990. The statistics, combined with
Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's crackdown on "quality of life" crimes -- drunkenness,
illegal peddlers, public urination and the like -- have begun to make New
Yorkers actually feel safer, something no one would have thought possible a few
years ago.

What is going on? Criminologists say that the decline in gang wars, the aging
criminal population and falloff in the use of crack and other drugs are major
factors. But demographic and social trends take place slowly, and the drops in
crime have been rapid. Police Commissioner William Bratton seems entitled to
argue that police tactics are what have paid off, particularly the use of
computerized tracking of crimes so that the police can respond more quickly to
trends than in the past.

Until recently, the most commonly cited study of the effect of the police as a
deterrent against crime was conducted in Kansas City in 1974. It found that
there was no connection between the numbers of police on patrol and the
occurrence of crime. Now criminologists say that crime is affected if the police
think strategically.

Mr. Bratton argues, for instance, that closing brothels and drug and gambling
locations and using sweeps to arrest people on weapons possession or other
charges has the same effect on crime that arresting fare-beaters did in the
subway. The arrested suspects, the police say, are the ones who carry out bigger
crimes, or know the people who do. After two years of stepped-up seizures of
guns, handgun homicides are down 40 percent from 1993.

How long the current trends can keep going is uncertain. At some point the
recent dramatic declines in crime will have to level off; some experts believe
this has already begun. Another concern is that the number of teen-agers in the
city will be growing rapidly in the next few years, and crimes carried out by
this group are not falling as rapidly -- and in some cases are increasing.

Much still needs to be done to instill discipline and honesty in a police force
that has had more than its share of corruption scandals in recent years. But at
a time of rising social stresses and cutbacks in education and social services,
the declining crime rate is perhaps the brightest spot in Mayor Giuliani's
two-year-old record as Mayor. The police, the district attorneys and other
elements of the system surely deserve some of the credit.


LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 13, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Transit Police Get Funds To Put Officers on Buses

BYLINE: By STEPHEN LABATON,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B;  Page 6;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 12


With great political fanfare, President Clinton announced today the first
Federal grants under new crime legislation that he said would be used to help
hire almost 3,000 police officers around the nation.

In the New York region, the biggest grant is $2.1 million for the New York City
Transit Authority, which will use it to hire 28 officers for patrol duty on city
buses. A total of $8 million was awarded to New York State law-enforcement
agencies; $4.1 million to New Jersey, and $2.55 million to Connecticut.

No money was allocated to the New York City Police Department in this first
round of grants, but city officials appeared unconcerned. They have said they
expect to use crime-bill money for new technology and programs that would free
up more officers for street patrol.

With polls showing that crime is one of the biggest concerns to voters, the
President used a White House ceremony attended by police officers and local
politicians to disclose the winners of $200 million in Federal assistance. The
largest recipients are the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and the
Honolulu Police Department, which are each to receive $3 million.

The grants are the centerpiece of the crime bill that Mr. Clinton signed last
month. With $1.3 billion authorized this fiscal year and a total of $8.8 billion
over the next six years, Administration officials predict the program will
result in the hiring of 100,000 officers. Cities must chip in 25 percent of the
money for the new officers in the first year, and more in later years.

Today's announcement seemed intended to let the Administration demonstrate the
benefits of the crime bill only 12 days after it became law.

"Most Americans don't know how many police we have now; they don't know how many
that is; they're not sure what it means on their block," Mr. Clinton said at the
ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House. "There are 550,000 police
officers in America today. One hundred thousand police is nearly a 20 percent
increase, and if they are all put into community policing as they are supposed
to be, then it will be at least a 20 percent increase in the effective police
presence on the street in the United States. That is the message we need to get
out to the American people."

But some law-enforcement analysts have said the Administration has vastly
overstated the number of officers who can be hired under the program, with some
predictions indicating that no more than 20,000 full-time officers will be
permanently hired through the money provided by the new law.

The money, they have said, is intended only as a short-term Federal subsidy that
will never pay any more than three-fourths of a police officer's salary, and
then only for a few years.

To qualify for the Federal money, law-enforcement agencies have been asked by
the Justice Department to set up community policing programs that enhance their
connections to social-service networks. Many police departments support this
strategy as a positive method of crime control. Half the money must be spent in
localities with populations of less than 150,000 people.

In New York City, the Transit Authority plans to use the crime-bill grant to
hire new transit police officers to replace city police officers who now have
patrol duties involving the buses, said Albert O'Leary, a transit police
spokesman

"We hope it will allow us to be more proactive to crime rather than react to
crime in city buses," Mr. O'Leary said. "We are the experts on crime on mass
transportation and we can apply the tactics and strategies that have reduced
subway crime by 47 percent since 1990 to the buses. That would free up N.Y.P.D.
resources for other jobs."

The Transit Police Department has 4,327 officers, compared with 31,000 for the
City Police Department.

The second largest grant in the region -- $1.5 million -- went to Yonkers, where
major crimes like murder and rape rose 4.5 percent last year. The grant will be
used to add 20 officers to the city's 524-member department.

Mayor Terence M. Zaleski said he and other Yonkers officials had begun lobbying
as early as eight months ago to secure the Federal funds. He said he had gone to
Washington with the city's Police Commissioner, the president of the police
union and a tenant advocate to impress upon Justice Department officials and
elected officials that Yonkers needed additional help.

Paterson, N.J., which received a $1 million grant, plans to add 12 officers to
its 340-member force.

"People here are concerned with the quality-of-life issues," Deputy Chief
Vincent Amoresano said. "There's concern for personal safety, theft, youths
gathering on the street -- and 12 new officers can only help in reinforcing our
presence where it counts."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "Crime Bill Begins to Pay" lists cities in Connecticut, New
Jersey and New York which will be receiving $200 million of $8.8 billion
allocated in crime bill announced by Pres Clinton yesterday.

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 12, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

In a Late-Night Sport, the Game Is Fighting Crime

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 51, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 937 words

DATELINE: GLENARDEN, Md.


G. Van Standifer chose a Tuesday night in June 1986 for the debut of his
Midnight Basketball League, a summer program to get young men off the streets
and into the gym. But he did not choose the weather. It was sweltering.

Mr. Standifer worried that that the oppressive heat would keep away spectators
and players alike, but 150 people turned out to watch the Glenardens play the
Midnight Riders at the Glenarden Recreational Center.

Since then, he says, membership in the league has grown by 20 percent each year,
up from 60 players in 1986 to 84 last summer, and several hundred spectators
show up for each game. Now officials in Atlanta, Boston, Detroit and and
Wilmington, N.C., are inquiring about setting up similar programs.

No studies have been carried out that would indicate if the league has indeed
reduced drug abuse or late-night crime, but the Glenarden police have no doubt.

''The idea that they've got somewhere to go at night is a sound project leading
young men away from the temptation of crime and violence,'' said Chief Morris
Lewis. ''We support it.''

Dealing With Unused Time

Mr. Standifer conceived of the basketball program in 1986 while serving as town
manager of Glenarden, population 4,000. He had found that drug-related crimes
had increased 60 percent from the previous year and that most such crimes were
committed from 10 P.M. to 2 A.M. He decided that ''high-risk'' young adults -
those who were unemployed, had dropped out of school or were not especially
talented athletes - needed a constructive alternative to a night on the streets.

''It's safe to say that drug use goes up when there are big blocks of unused
time,'' Mr. Standifer said. ''We're not so naive as to think that basketball
games in the middle of the night are going to fill up all of those gaps, but
we've got to start somewhere. We are packaging the self-discipline of basketball
into long, hot summer nights.''

''I remember getting ticked off as a kid when the gym doors were closed and
there was nothing else to do,'' he said. ''Keeping those kids busy on the courts
at night just made good sense.''

The league operates only in June, July and August, but working on it keeps Mr.
Standifer busy year-round. He is 59 years old and retired from his job as a
computer analyst with the Federal Government.

All young men 17 through 21 years of age who live in Prince Georges County are
eligible to play in the eight-team league. Once a member joins, he must also
attend drug education workshops and vocational counseling. In other summer
sports leagues, only the best athletes get to play, but in the Midnight
Basketball League every member gets a chance on the court through at least one
quarter of the game.

''The league exists so that all of these kids will feel good about what they're
doing,'' Mr. Standifer said. ''It would be self-defeating to cater to the best
players. Certain players wouldn't show up if they didn't get to play, and they'd
be out on the street.''

Drug Abuse Prevention

Mr. Standifer and others see the league as a way to prevent drug abuse, not
treat it. Dale DeBerry, a volunteer coach, says the self-discipline the players
learn helps to deter them from drug use all year.

''These guys know that they have to take care of themselves in order to play
well,'' Mr. DeBerry said. ''They get very competitive and turn into team players
and find that the structure they get from the game carries over into their daily
lives, too.''

Elvis Pomells, a player for two seasons, agreed. ''Basically,'' he said, ''it
keeps us as kids thinking and doing something productive instead of out there
doing something bad. You don't need a gun to shoot basketball.''

Mr. Pomells, 21 years old, said the skills he had learned from the league had
also helped him in the office-cleaning service he runs. ''It really teaches you
how to cooperate, how to get along with people,'' he said.

But it was not easy for Mr. Standifer to convince the community of a late-night
league's potential benefits. Although the mayor supported the idea, there were
no funds in the town budget to finance it. Parents agreed that their children
needed constructive projects but doubted the wisdom of a sporting event that
lasted until 2 A.M. And several local business leaders said they thought that
the young men played too much basketball already.

Help From Businesses

But with a few donations from businesses and a little help from the city, Mr.
Standifer began his league. Then, as now, the bulk of his budget was spent on
promotion, trophies and uniforms.

The league's second season was financially easier, thanks in large part to Mark
Vogel, president of a real estate business in Bowie, Md. He read of the program
in the local paper and became an enthusiastic benefactor.

''It's a simple concept and a good answer to the drug problem,'' he said. ''It's
optimistic and upbeat. You'd be hard-pressed to find someone in this community
who objects to that.''

Since 1987, Mr. Vogel has donated $15,000 to the league, and last summer he led
a successful local campaign for more business contributions. The Fraternal Order
of Police of Prince Georges County has also given money for two years.

Last year sponsors of the league offered players partial scholarships at
vocational schools as a way to extend self-discipline off the court and into a
marketable skill. No players applied, but Mr. Standifer said the scholarships
would be available again this year.

''When you're young, sometimes you don't think ahead too much,'' he said, ''So
this time we'll get some parents behind the idea, too.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of G. Van Standifer, president and founder of the Midnight
Basketball League in Glenarden, Md. (NYT/Marty Katz)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 27, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

ALLEGATIONS OF MONEY LAUNDERING DISPUTED BY JERSEY CASINO OPERATOR

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 487 words


The owner of an Atlantic City casino yesterday disputed assertions by Federal
authorities that heroin traffickers ''laundered'' at least $1 million from drug
sales through his gambling house in 1982.

Authorities say that a criminal suspect, Anthony Castelbuono, used the casino to
change at least $1.1 million at the casino, the Golden Nugget, in November and
December 1982. Money laundering is an attempt to camouflage illegally gained
money.

Mr. Castelbuono, a 40-year-old lawyer who lives at Waterside Plaza in Manhattan,
was indicted last March in connection with laundering $3 million from drug sales
through four Atlantic City casinos, including the Golden Nugget. He was arrested
in March with four others in the case.

In testimony yesterday before the President's Commission on Organized Crime, the
owner of the Golden Nugget, Stephen A. Wynn, said Mr. Castelbuono had
legitimately wagered away the $1.1 million. Mr. Wynn said that in his 14 years
in the gaming industry no member of organized crime had ever tried to intimidate
him or manipulate his business.

The commission completed the last day of a three-day hearing on the involvement
of organized crime in legal and illegal gambling operations. The panel is
scheduled to report its findings by next March 1.

The hearing yesterday, at the United States Court of International Trade at 1
Federal Plaza in lower Manhattan, focused on how organized crime infilitrates
and profits from casinos in Atlantic City and Las Vegas, Nev. State and Federal
law-enforcement officers outlined an array of schemes, ranging from elaborate
plots to skim money from casino games to backing unlicensed junket operators.

Mr. Wynn testified that ''all the warning bells went off'' when Mr. Castelbuono
entered the casino early on Nov. 27, 1982, carrying ''boxes of money in small
denominations.'' He deposited about $1.1 million with the casino cashier and
began to bet, Mr. Wynn said.

The casino immediately ordered video surveillance of Mr. Castelbuono, according
to Mr. Wynn. In the first hour, Mr. Castelbuono lost $360,000 playing baccarat
and soon after the casino concluded that he was a legitimate if somewhat
eccentric gambler, Mr. Wynn said.

Two days later, Mr. Castelbuono withdrew the $800,000 remaining in his account,
had it wrapped in packages of $100 bills, and left.

''What kind of launderer does that?'' asked Mr. Wynn, referring to the 30
percent loss Mr. Castelbuono incurred.

The chief counsel of the commission, James D. Harmon, Jr., pointed out later in
the day that previous witnesses had testified that members of organized-crime
groups were often willing to accept losses between 50 and 75 percent when they
laundered money.

A commission investigator, Tom Sheehan, testified that drug traffickers commonly
laundered money by converting small denominations from the cash sales of heroin
into larger denominations at Atlantic City casinos.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Violent crime up in state, nation

BYLINE: By ROXANA KOPETMAN and CHRIS HAIRE, STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 575 words



HIGHLIGHT: Numbers still below historic peaks; in O.C., overall crime rose 23
percent in 2015.


Violent crime increased in California and across the nation in the past year but
continues to remain well below historic peaks, according to FBI data released
Monday.

Murder increased nearly 11 percent nationwide. In California, it was 9.5
percent, according to data provided by local law enforcement agencies to the
FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Program, which compiles data on murders,
aggravated assault, car thefts and other crimes.

UC Irvine professor Charis Kubrin, of the department of criminology, law and
society, cautioned that the numbers may look alarming but "there's no evidence
of a national homicide wave."

Instead, crime trends have held steady, she said.

"It is important to remember that at the end of the day, even with this
increase, we are still lower than 30 years ago," Kubrin said. "In California, if
you look at major cities with populations over 400,000, the state has fared
pretty well."

Los Angeles, for example, saw an uptick in 2015 in murders from the year before,
but the rate has remained at seven per 100,000 residents. By comparison, Kubrin
noted, the murder rate in Chicago, Milwaukee, Philadelphia and other cities is
much higher.

A study released last week by the Brennan Center for Justice at New York
University School of Law analyzed crime data from the 30 largest cities in 2015
and found that crime overall remained the same as in 2014, but murder had
increased by 14 percent. Three cities - Baltimore, Chicago and Washington, D.C.
- were responsible for half of that increase.

Nationwide, agencies reported a nearly 4 percent increase in the number of
violent crimes and a 2.6 percent decrease in the estimated number of property
crimes for 2015, compared with the previous year.

California's violent and property crime rates increased by about 8 percent each
in 2015 compared with 2014.

"It is not uncommon for crime rates to 'bounce around' a bit, and given that we
remain at historically low levels of crime, I wouldn't be too concerned," George
Tita, a UC Irvine professor of criminology, law and society, said in an email.

In California, the rate per 100,000 people increased to 426.3 from 396.1 for
violent crimes.

In Orange County, Anaheim's violent crime rate increased 22 percent and Irvine's
20 percent.

In Irvine, the relatively low number of total violent crimes in 2014, 120, meant
that the rise to 144 created a large percentage jump. But Irvine recorded the
lowest rate of violent crime per capita of any city in the nation with a
population of more than 150,000.

Across Orange County, overall crime rose 23 percent last year compared with
2014, the greatest single-year jump in at least a decade, according to a
Register analysis earlier this year. The steepest increases came in reports of
stolen vehicles, aggravated assaults, thefts and burglaries.

Other cities

In Los Angeles, violent crime increased 31 percent from 2014 to 2015 and
property crimes went up by 12.5 percent during that same period.

The number of violent crimes reported in Riverside increased by 4 percent, and
by 3.7 percent in Ontario. Property crimes in those cities increased by 6.8
percent and 11 percent, respectively.

Long Beach, meanwhile, also saw a 20 percent increase in its violent crime rate.

In this year's report, FBI Director James Comey said the agency is working
toward developing a database chronicling incidents of police use of force.

Staff writers Joshua Sudock and Jeff Collins contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Kinston residents bemoan 'epidemic' that puts city at top of violent crime
statistics

BYLINE: Wesley Brown, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1098 words


July 01--Ben Knight has lived in the inner-city neighborhoods of New York City,
Chicago and Sacramento.

Street violence and high crime rates are common in those cities -- but the
mayhem does not compare to Kinston, he said.

It's worse here, said Knight, owner of the Chef and the Farmer, a downtown
restaurant.

"This is nothing short of an epidemic," Knight said of the rash of four
homicides that has hit Kinston this month and shot the city's homicide count for
the year to seven.

Kinston -- the 40th most populous city in North Carolina -- is tied for fifth in
the state with Raleigh, Winston-Salem and Rocky Mount for the most homicides
among North Carolina cities. It trailed only Durham (18), Charlotte (17),
Greensboro (10) and Fayetteville (8) as of Wednesday.

Of the 40 cities in the comparison, Kinston is the smallest in population with
21,677 residents. Rocky Mount, for example, is more than twice as large; and
Raleigh, about 18 times as large.

With its smaller population, Kinston leads the state by far in homicides per
capita this year.

While the level of violent crime has ebbed and flowed -- from a high of 15
homicides in 1989 to none two years ago -- the latest round of violence is
shining a harsh new glare on the city, both for intensity of the attacks and
young ages of many involved.

"As a community, we are failing our youth, we are failing the residents and we
are failing to give ourselves any opportunity to move forward and grow and
create the kind of environment where our kids can play in the streets safely,"
Knight said.

Making the streets safe has become a rallying cry at several meetings of elected
officials, town leaders and concerned residents that have been held in the past
two weeks, meetings like the one held in Mitchelltown -- a city historic
district that was the scene of two of the recent homicides -- Wednesday night.

Ben Knight was there, along with about 70 other residents

"We're twice the national average," said Knight, holding a statistical printout
from the Internet in his hand stating Kinston ranks in the 95th percentile
nationally in terms of violent crime. "It's too much. It is unacceptable and I
will not stand for it."

Listening to Knight and others who stood to speak were Interim City Manager Bill
Ellis, Mayor B.J. Murphy and Public Safety Director Bill Johnson.

They presented a five-point plan for stemming the violence: starting a
neighborhood cleanup and watch, providing activities for area youth between the
hours of 6 and 9 p.m., having the city's Mobile Gang Wagon make more rounds in
the city to engage young people in games, reviewing the city demolition by
neglect ordinance and having police beef up their presence citywide by adding 11
more officers to the force by the end of the year.

Ellis said the program would be in effect before Mitchelltown residents met
again on July 28. But Johnson reminded the group that a problem that has taken
years to develop would not be remedied in days.

"If a turnaround is going to be done and I refuse to believe we cannot make it
happen, it is going to take awhile," Johnson said.

Johnson said in the last week his officers have engaged in more proactive
policing in the city, setting more patrols in certain areas and making more
contact with residents. The measures have resulted in 35 arrests over the last
few days.

"Statistics really do not mean a lot unless they translate themselves into
results," Johnson said.

Wesley Brown can be reached at 252-559-1075 or wbrown@freedomenc.com

A deadly stat

Kinston leads the state by far in homicides per capita this year, according to
data compiled this week by The Free Press. As the 40th most populous city in
North Carolina, it is tied for fifth in the state with Raleigh, Winston-Salem
and Rocky Mount for the most homicides among North Carolina cities.

City                     Population   Homicides     Per capita rate

Charlotte             731,424        17                  .002

Raleigh                403,892        7                    .001

Greensboro          269,666        10                  .003

Winston-Salem     229,617        7                    .003

Durham               228,330        18                  .007

Fayetteville         200,564        8                    .004

Cary                  135,234        0                    0

Wilmington          106,476        3                    .002

High Point           104,371        2                    .002

Greenville            84,554         1                    .001

Asheville             83,393          0                    0

Concord              79,066          0                    0

Gastonia             71,741          3                    .004

Jacksonville         70,145          0                    0

Rocky Mount       57,477          7                    .012

Chapel Hill          57,233          0                    0

Burlington          49,963          1                    .002

Wilson               49,167          1                    .002

Huntersville        46,773          0                    0

Kannapolis          42,625          1                    .002

Hickory              40,010          2                    .005

Apex                 37,476          0                    0

Goldsboro           36,437          3                    .008

Salisbury            33,662          0                    0

Indian Trail         33,518          0                    0

Monroe              32,797          0                    0

Mooresville         32,711          0                    0

Wake Forest       30,117          1                    .003

New Bern           29,524          1                    .003

Sanford             28,094          0                    0

Matthews          27,198          0                    0

Thomasville        26,757          0                    0

Garner              25,745          0                    0

Asheboro           25,012          0                    0

Holly Springs      24,661          0                    0

Statesville         24,532          2                    .008

Cornelius           24,866          0                    0

Kernersville        23,123          0                    0

Mint Hill             22,722          0                    0

Kinston                21,677          7                    .032

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110701-KI-Kinston-residents-bemoan-epidemic-that-puts-city-at-top-of-violent-
crime-statistics-0701-20110701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2011 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

Study documents plunging crime rate locally, nationally

BYLINE: Jim Steinberg, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


The suburban areas of the San Bernardino-Riverside county region - outside of
the cities of San Bernardino, Ontario and Riverside - saw violent crime decrease
nearly 45 percent between 1990 and 2008, according to a study released today by
the Brookings Institute.

The 44.8 percentage decrease from 1,748 cases of violent crime per 100,000 in
1990 to 970 in 2008 was the second largest drop for a suburban area in a survey
of the 100 largest U.S. metropolitan areas.

The findings were part of a comprehensive study that analyzed the FBI Uniformed
Crime Report and U.S. Census Bureau data from 1990 to 2008.

The study found that the gap between city and suburban violent crime rates
declined in nearly two-thirds of the metro areas.

The gap did not decline for this region, although city numbers decreased
impressively, also.

In the study, crimes in the cities of San Bernardino, Ontario and Riverside were
classified as "city" and crimes anywhere outside of those boundaries were
"suburban," said Steven Raphael, study co-author and a professor in the Goldman
School of Public Policy at UC Berkeley.

"These classifications have a different meaning in the East, Midwest and South
where cities have an old industrial heart," he said.

Violent crimes the cities of San Bernardino, Ontario and Riverside declined from
2,800 (per 100,000) in 1990 to 1,854 in 2008, a decline of 33.8percent, the
study showed.

Meanwhile, in a comparison between 1990 and 2008, property crime decreased
45.8percent in the suburban parts of the San Bernardino-Riverside county region
and 43.5percent in the cities of San Bernardino, Riverside and Ontario, study
numbers show.

Nationwide, violent crime rates dropped by almost 30percent in cities, while
property crime fell by 46percent.

The Brookings study found that as crime rates fell and communities diversified,
relationships between crime and community demographics weakened significantly.

The study found: "The association between crime and community characteristics -
like the proportion of the population that is black, Hispanic, poor or
foreign-born - diminished considerably over time.

"For example, the strength of the relationship between share of black residents
and property crime decreased by half between 1990 and 2008, while the
association between share of Hispanic residents and violent crime all but
disappeared."

"That makes sense to me," said Frank Scialdone, who was Fontana police chief
from 1999 to 2004 and also served on the Fontana City Council.

Scialdone said that community policing, California's three-strike law and
after-school programs, have all contributed to the declining numbers.

Looking ahead, he said the Supreme Court-ordered release of at least 30,000
prisoners in California will have "a significant effect on property crimes and
violent crimes."

The Brookings Institution is a nonprofit public policy organization based in
Washington, D.C.

Raphael said the study documents trends in the 100 largest metro areas but does
not attempt to analyze what is occurring in a particular city nor does it
explore the reasons behind the decrease in crime.

"What it does say is that in some ways, cities have become more liveable," he
said.

"The implications of this are that people can start returning to the cities to
live, where they might be closer to work, reducing the need for long commutes,"
he said.

jim.steinberg@inlandnewspapers.com
909-386-3855

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

City slaying rate lowest among peers;
1,742 violent crimes cited

BYLINE: Scott J. Croteau, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 758 words


Compared to other cities with close to Worcester's population in New England,
the city has seen half the murders, but more violent crime.

A review of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Preliminary Semiannual Uniform
Crime Report released this week shows Worcester had the same number of murders
reported in both 2009 and 2010, seven in each year.

When compared to statistics reported for Springfield, Hartford and Providence,
the city's homicide numbers are the lowest among the four.

Hartford had the most murders in the group for 2010, with 26 killings reported.
Springfield had 16, with Providence right behind with 15.

"Worcester continues to have one of the lowest homicide and gun violence rates
in New England," Police Chief Gary J. Gemme said. "Traditionally we also have
the least amount of non-fatal shootings."

Within Massachusetts, the FBI's report highlights Boston, Cambridge, Lowell,
Springfield and Worcester; all communities with a population over 100,000.
Worcester became the second biggest city in New England after it edged out
Providence by a few thousand, and had a population of 181,908 for 2010 in the
report.

Boston, with its 644,064 population, had the most murders in the group, with 73
in 2010. Worcester was behind Springfield and ahead of Lowell and Cambridge,
which had one and zero murders in 2010, respectively.

Springfield had more violent crime than Worcester, but this city saw 1,742
violent crimes last year. That number was more than Hartford and Providence. A
review of the statistics showed the amount of violent crime here decreased from
the 1,802 violent crimes seen in 2009.

The FBI's report lists statistics for 10 different crimes. While looking at a
comparison of four different regions in the United States - Northeast, Midwest,
South and West - only the Northeast saw an increase in murders, forcible rape
and burglary.

The entire country had a 4.4 percent decrease in murders, but the Northeast had
an 8.3 percent increase.

Worcester saw an increase in only two of the 10 categories.

"Some may suggest our numbers would be up because of less staff, but we are
using smarter deployment and using crime analysis and street intelligence," the
chief said.

Speaking to community groups also gives police an idea of where more of a
presence is needed. The department continually tracks areas to see if crime
spikes and deploys officers if needed to saturate an area. It is something done
weekly through tactical response areas.

In Worcester, violent crime and property crime both went down. The statistics
show from 2009 to 2010, only aggravated assault and burglary increased. The
aggravated assaults only increased by three, for a total of 1,350. Springfield
had eight more.

"We knew that burglary was a problem in 2010," Chief Gemme said. "We put the
resources together to address these problems. It is one of those crimes where
one person can commit a mini-crime-wave."

Burglary also has a high-rate of recidivism for offenders, and since sentencing
in many of those cases is low, the chief said, more offenders are back on the
streets quicker than those guilty of other crimes.

The FBI statistics show burglary increased in Worcester by 424, with a total of
1,909 in 2010. Officials involved in a task force continue to share information
on those types of cases.

A comparison of crime statistics for Boston, Hartford, Worcester, Providence and
Springfield shows Worcester ranked third in violent crime and aggravated
assaults; fourth in property crime and larceny and fifth in motor vehicle theft
and robbery.

Robberies for Worcester went down from 2009 to 2010.

The other cities also have significantly more non-fatal shootings than
Worcester, the chief said. As of yesterday afternoon, the city has had three
non-fatal shootings and three homicides by firearm this year.

A comparison to the same time frame last year showed there were nine non-fatal
shootings and three homicides by firearm.

"We do look at the crime statistics but our real focus is being in the community
and working with the community," Chief Gemme said. "You have to go beyond the
statistics and that is why our outreach is so important."

The chief cited the recent scare at the Vernon Hill Park Sunday night, in which
a man allegedly pulled a shotgun during an argument. The Police Department
already added Vernon Hill to the tactical response area and will meet with
residents on June 2.

"Behind the numbers there are victims who are concerned about what is going on
in the city," Chief Gemme said. "That is why we reach out to the neighborhoods."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART
Comparing 2010 crime stats
T&G Staff/DON LANDGREN JR.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           November 24, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FBI report shows more hate-motivated crime

BYLINE: Marisol Bello

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 383 words


The number of crimes against black people and members of religious groups
increased in 2008, making up a growing share of incidents motivated by bias, the
FBI reported Monday.

Those categories accounted for 56% of the 7,783 hate crimes reported in 2008.
Overall, hate crimes increased 2% from 2007.

The election of the first black president and hot-button issues such as abortion
and gay marriage contributed to the spikes, anti-bias groups say.

"There is this kind of extremism going on," says Hilary Shelton, director of the
NAACP Washington bureau. He says Obama's election and the recession led to a
backlash against blacks as some people look for someone to blame for hard
economic times.

The number of attacks on blacks increased 8% to 2,876, accounting for seven of
every 10 race-motivated crimes.

Brian Levin, director of the Center for the Study of Hate & Extremism at
California State University-San Bernardino, says it is hard to draw conclusions
from the FBI data because the number of agencies reporting varies each year and
some do better than others at classifying hate crimes.

Most hate crimes, almost four in 10, involved property damage and vandalism.
Almost three in 10 involve intimidation of a person. Three in 10 are assaults.

Hate crimes based on sexual orientation increased 3% to 1,297, although the
number of people victimized went up 13%, to 1,706.

Geo Vaughn, 23, of Queens, N.Y., reported to police that he was beaten in August
2008 in Manhattan by a gang of young men shouting anti-gay epithets. He says
lesbians, gay men, bisexuals and transgender people are more vulnerable now
because they are increasingly in the public eye in the debate over equal rights,
including a California vote that overturned a new law allowing same-sex
marriage. "It gives our attackers more drive to hurt us," he says.

Two men have been charged with a hate crime against Vaughn.

Hate crimes based on religion rose 9% to 1,519. Most, 67%, were against Jews.
Incidents involving Catholics increased 23% to 75.

Bill Donohue, president of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights,
says traditional Catholics have become more vocal against abortion and gay
marriage, making them targets for those who disagree with them.

"It will probably get worse," he says. "These issues are not going away."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Veronica Salazar, USA TODAY, Source: FBI (Bar graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 8, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Murder down 6.5% in big cities;
FBI: U.S. violent crime dips 2%

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 534 words


WASHINGTON -- Murder fell 6.5% in America's largest cities during the first half
of 2007, a sharp contrast with smaller cities, where murders rose 3.2%,
according to a preliminary review by the FBI.

Overall, murder declined by 1.1% throughout the USA during the first half of
2007, the report released Monday showed. Violent crime fell by nearly 2%
nationwide with drops in every major crime category -- including rape, robbery
and aggravated assault -- suggesting that some recent spikes in violence may be
short-lived.

Some law enforcement experts say one reason for the disparity in murder rates
could be varying crime-fighting strategies, such as targeting juvenile
offenders.

"There is continued volatility, but there are cities that have made
(enforcement) changes that are having a significant impact," says Chuck Wexler
of the Police Executive Research Forum, a police advocacy group.

"The latest numbers from the FBI are encouraging, though preliminary, and
subject to change when the final numbers are released later this year," Justice
Department spokesman Peter Carr said. "Some communities, however, continue to
face violent crime challenges."

In cities with populations between 50,000 and 99,999, murder rose 3.2%; in urban
counties, murder rose nearly 5%. The 6.5% drop in murder occurred in cities with
populations of 1 million or more. The FBI's preliminary review follows two years
in which the federal government recorded slight increases in violent crime
nationwide.

One of the first indicators to signal a possible shift away from those increases
came in October. The Police Executive Research Forum reported that a rising
number of cities were recording significant declines in assaults and assaults
with firearms during the first part of 2007.

Assault offenses are generally regarded as precursors to more serious violent
crimes.

That report, a survey of 163 cities during the first half of 2007, showed
dramatic reversals in violence in major cities such as Detroit, where homicides
were down nearly 5%. Houston's murders decreased 14%, and Minneapolis' nearly
19%.

Wexler says recent changes in crime have not been uniform, in contrast to the
drug problems that swept the nation in the early 1990s. In Minneapolis and in
Sacramento, where murder dropped 37% during the first half of 2007, Wexler says
police targeted juvenile offenders to achieve declines in violence.

In Seattle, Police Chief Gil Kerlikowske attributes a 12% decline in major crime
in 2007, which includes all violent offenses, to a sharper focus on people who
are returning to local communities from prison.

Kerlikowske says his officers and prison authorities are identifying offenders
before they are released to more easily monitor their compliance with drug
screening and other special conditions of release.

"There is a lot of truth in the saying that, like politics, all crime is local,"
he says.

"There are unique differences in individual cities."

Crime drops

Percentage change in the number of violent crimes reported nationally during the
first six months of 2007 compared with the same period in 2006:

All violent crime   -1.8%

Murder   -1.1%

Forcible rape   -6.1%

Robbery   -1.2%

Aggravated  assault   -1.7%

Source: FBI

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    December 4, 2005 Sunday Michigan Edition

Burglary is new crime of the week

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B4; CRIME PREVENTION

LENGTH: 144 words


This week's Crime Stoppers Crime of the Week comes from the files of the Berrien
County Sheriff's Department, according to Sgt. Tina Morrow.

At 11:30 p.m. Aug. 27, a burglary occurred at Play It Again Sports on Michigan
139 in Benton Harbor. Several thousand dollars worth of skateboards and
skateboard accessories were taken.

On Aug. 30, someone attempted to break into the business again but was
unsuccessful.

Crime Stoppers wants the person or persons responsible for the breaking and
entering and will pay up to $1,000 for information leading to an arrest. Crime
Stoppers also pays cash rewards on other felony crimes and the capture of
fugitives.

The South Bend area Crime Stoppers Program serves the entire Michiana region.
Call Crime Stoppers Toll Free at (800) 342-STOP. Callers will be given a code
number and won't be asked for a name.


LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 11, 2005 Monday

Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigations unit stays atop growing computer crime

BYLINE: Lea Terry

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 624 words


Computers are used for communication, for education and for entertainment. And
increasingly, they are used for crime.

"Every type of crime that was in existence before computers is being now
committed either with computers or on the computer," said Mark McCoy, a deputy
inspector with the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigations. "We're finding that
just about any crime now will contain some form of digital evidence."

McCoy leads the OSBI's computer crimes unit, formed in 2001. The unit
investigates any crime where computers are involved, including Internet fraud,
computer hacking, identity theft and child pornography. Agents also examine
digital evidence related to other cases, including violent crimes, arson and
embezzlement.

"We've looked at computers in homicide cases, and we've done investigations in
identity theft and fraud online on eBay auctions and those types of things,"
McCoy said.

The unit has agents in Oklahoma City, Weatherford and Tulsa, and is the lead
agency in the state's Internet Crimes Against Children task force. Investigators
are certified forensic computer examiners and members of the International
Association of Computer Investigative Specialists.

The unit employs the same basic investigative procedures used for other crimes,
but because technology changes so rapidly officers need additional computer
forensics training to maintain an edge over computer criminals, McCoy said.

"It takes every bit of effort for investigators and agents to keep up with
technology changes to do examinations or to get intrusions into different
computer systems," he said. "That's why a single unit was created, just because
of the skills needed to do these types of cases."

As valuable as computers are to criminals, they are equally as important to the
officers investigating their crimes.

"There's artifacts on the computer that the normal user may not know are still
there, even after they think they have gotten rid of the information," McCoy
said. "There are artifacts that we can recover from computer evidence that can
tell us where you've been on the Internet, and we can also recover e-mail."

Digital evidence is playing an increasingly larger role in cases ranging from
narcotics to murder, McCoy said. One of the unit's investigators is currently
testifying in a homicide case in Arkansas, in which much of the evidence came
from the suspect's and victim's computers.

In drug cases, suspects may have customer information stored on their computer,
or they may have used the Internet to research where to purchase chemicals for a
meth lab.

Cell phones, particularly those with cameras, also come into play. Pictures of
marijuana fields have been found on cell phones, and in one case, officers
recovered video clips of a rape that had been recorded on a cell phone.

Even when the evidence is heavily damaged, investigators may still be able to
recover data. In one arson case, McCoy said, officers were able to retrieve
video from a surveillance camera that had been burned in the fire.

Computer crimes are growing steadily, McCoy said, with the OSBI's caseload
growing between 10 percent and 20 percent each year. While some police
departments have investigators trained in computer forensics, few have units
dedicated solely to computer crimes, McCoy said. As computer crime becomes more
prevalent, he believes this will be a necessity for most departments.

"I think computer crimes and computer-related crimes are the wave of the future,
and are going to continue to increase," McCoy said. "For local police
departments the demand is going to be there from the people that they serve to
investigate these kinds of crimes."

Lea Terry is an Oklahoma City-based free-lance writer.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                      March 27, 2002 Wednesday MO1 EDITION

Crime rates rise after years of decline;
IN SALINAS, VIOLENT INCIDENTS STILL UNUSUALLY HIGH

BYLINE: Janice Rombeck Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 478 words


The problem with having a relatively low crime rate is that any increase looks
like a big jump.

That's the case in San Jose, often called the "safest big city in America,"
where crime has been dropping since 1995 -- until last year. Statistics released
Monday by the state Attorney General's Office showed that crime is up in San
Jose by 12.5 percent over 2000.

Violent crime in San Jose rose 10.7 percent in the past year and increased 1.7
percent in the state, according to the preliminary figures.

On the central coast, only the city of Salinas and unincorporated Santa Cruz
County were surveyed. Crime in Salinas rose 7.9 percent, but violent crimes only
increased 0.6 percent. In Santa Cruz County, crime jumped 5.4 percent and
violent crime rose 11 percent, although the overall numbers are relatively
small.

For example, the increase in violent crime in Santa Cruz County is the result of
24 more crimes.

Violent crime in Salinas, however, continues to be uncommonly high for a city of
150,000. A total of 1,269 violent crimes were committed in the city -- 80 more
than in Ontario, population 158,000.

In San Jose, officials said a closer look at the numbers gives a more accurate
picture.

Homicides were up 15 percent in San Jose from 2000 after a steady decline. In
numbers, that means 20 people were killed in 2000 and 23 in 2001. While that is
an increase, it's still lower by six from 1998 and by five from 2000. Compare
that with San Francisco's 49 homicides last year or Oakland's 84.

"Percentage-wise it's a large increase," said San Jose police Sgt. Steve Dixon.
"But realistically, 23 homicides in a city our size is unheard of."

By comparison, there were 15 homicides in Salinas.

There is no accurate way to predict crime trends and no scientific way to
explain them, experts say. There are some general indicators -- the economy,
demographics -- that offer general trends.

For example, crime tends to go up in a bad economy, down when the economy is
good. And crime tends to go up when 12- to 24-year-olds make up a large part of
the population (as is the case in Salinas), down when their numbers are smaller.
Predicting specific changes in individual crimes, though, is almost impossible.

But law enforcement agencies can use statistics to spot where more attention
might be needed. San Jose's crime analysis unit keeps track of statistics and
distributes them to officers, Dixon said.

"If there are more commercial burglaries in West San Jose from 2 to 6 a.m.,
we'll put more people there," Dixon said, as an example.

IF YOU'RE INTERESTED

To get a breakdown of crime statistics in the 75 jurisdictions with populations
of more than 100,000, log on to http://ag.ca.gov/cjsc

/publications/preliminarys/jd01/rpt.pdf and click on "data table."

Contact Janice Rombeck at jrombeck@sjmercury.com or (408) 920-5944.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     April 26, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SOURCE: From News Services

SECTION: News; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 637 words


Feds arrest 45 in bid to crush crime family Hoping to cripple New York's most
powerful organized crime family, federal agents arrested 45 people in three
states Wednesday on charges ranging from stock fraud to murder. The arrests in
New York, Florida and Nevada followed a three-year undercover investigation of
the Genovese family, the largest of the city's five major crime families.

Among the 33 alleged family members and associates charged in a racketeering
indictment were the family's former acting boss and two captains. The defendants
also include two retired police officers hired as enforcers, an accountant and
members of the Gambino, Luchese, Bonanno and Colombo families, authorities said.
All were awaiting arraignment in federal court.

Prosecutors, relying on evidence gathered by a mobster who secretly recorded the
family's conversations, say the defendants committed a string of crimes dating
to the early 1990s. The indictment unsealed Wednesday detailed charges of
loan-sharking, gambling, extortion, drug dealing, bank robbery and bribery.

Next 48 hours critical along Mississippi Water seeped under the levee at
Keithsburg, Ill., as the flooded Mississippi River crested, closing part of
downtown but leaving its buildings dry. The river crested at 20.7 feet Wednesday
in the town, which is home to 750 people, and officials said their levees stood
2 feet above the water and were in good shape. "The next 48 hours are going to
be critical for us," Public Works Director Steve Nylan said. Keithsburg is 35
miles downstream from Davenport, Iowa, where the river crested at 22.30 feet,
the third-highest on record there. The 1993 record is 22.6 feet. Davenport
residents said they felt the worst was over.

Bush brothers continue battle over drilling In the battle of the Bush brothers,
legislation was introduced in Congress to block oil and natural gas drilling off
Florida's shores, including a pending 5.9 million-acre lease sale in the Gulf of
Mexico. President Bush supports drilling; his brother, Florida Gov. Jeb Bush,
opposes it. Three Florida Democrats, Sens. Bob Graham and Bill Nelson and Tampa
Rep. Jim Davis, introduced bills to buy back existing leases and cancel future
sales.

Acting N.J. governor won't be on ballot Acting New Jersey Gov. Donald
DiFrancesco, citing media scrutiny of his business dealings, dropped out of the
race to become governor. The announcement marked an abrupt change for
DiFrancesco, who has maintained for weeks that he planned to run despite the
public controversy. Former U.S. Rep. Bob Franks replaces DiFrancesco in a June
26 Republican primary contest against Jersey City Mayor Bret Schundler, Franks'
spokesman said. The Democratic candidate is Woodbridge Mayor Jim McGreevey.

Kennedy aides mulled sabotaging U.S. ship Seeking a pretext to invade Cuba,
senior Kennedy administration officials contemplated blowing up a U.S. Navy ship
in Guantanamo Bay, faking casualties and blaming it on Fidel Castro, according
to declassified papers. The papers were uncovered by author James Bamford, whose
book "Body of Secrets" includes a chapter on covert anti-Castro activities.

Killer of five sentenced to death Charles Wesley Roache, convicted of killing
five members of a Haywood County, N.C., family, was sentenced to death for two
of the murders and life behind bars for the other three.

Convicted killer executed in Texas A man convicted of killing a drug counselor
in 1990 while on parole for the robbery and attempted murder of two other people
was executed by injection Wednesday in Huntsville, Texas. David Lee Goff, 32,
insisted he was innocent of the death of Michael McGuire, 34. Goff was the
seventh person put to death this year in Texas, where a record 40 executions
were carried out last year.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    October 23, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

Dangerous by Design?

William Raspberry

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 735 words


As the owner of an Audi 5000 during the mid-'80s, I can tell you straight out I
never believed the hoo-haw over "unintended acceleration." I'm convinced that
the reason so many of those cars took off through garage walls and hedges, often
injuring their drivers, is that the drivers (nearly all of them inexperienced at
driving this particular car) were pressing not on the brake but on the nearby
accelerator.

But because they were certain their foot was on the brake, their panicked
response was simply to press harder.

California has been doing it again. Not with Audis, of course, but with drug
incarcerations.

Somehow officials in many parts of the state convinced themselves that tougher
enforcement was the foot on the brake of drug-related crime. And when the
numbers showed otherwise, why they just pressed harder.

Two intriguing artifacts from that error:


* California now leads the nation with a drug-offender imprisonment rate of 115
per 100,000. (The national average is 44.6 per 100,000.)


* Counties with increased rates of drug arrests and imprisonments tend to have
greater increases in violent crime--or at best smaller decreases in serious
crime.

The numbers behind those findings are from a major study by the Justice Policy
Institute (based in Washington, D.C., and San Francisco), and they make a
compelling case that increased incarceration was the wrong pedal.

Imprisonments for drug possession, for instance, were five times as great in
Riverside County as in Contra Costa County. But Contra Costa's violent crime
rate is 30 percent lower.

Nor is it just with incarceration that the "brake" seems to cause unintended
acceleration. Fresno County had a 131 percent increase in misdemeanor drug
arrests from the early 1980s to the late-1990s, and a 33 percent increase in
violent crime. At the other end, Los Angeles County had a 33 percent reduction
in misdemeanor drug arrests during that same period and a 7 percent decrease in
violent crime.

It's one thing to say get-tough approaches don't work, but why should they
increase the rate of violence?

Mike Males, a co-author of the JPI report "Drug Use and Justice," offers two
possibilities. First, he says, small-time drug users who are sent to prison tend
to become more serious users. They also tend to have a tougher time finding work
after their release. A drug habit and joblessness constitute a pretty good
recipe for trouble.

But a more important link, Males believes, is the matter of limited resources:
"The more resources police departments put into arresting low-level drug-law
violators, the less they'll have to deploy against the sellers, manufacturers
and big-time dealers of illegal drugs."

Before you blow off the findings as obvious and common-sensical, let me say that
the get-tough policy was based on an entirely rational set of assumptions,
including the assumption that targeting low-level users and first-time offenders
would reduce the number of low-level users and first-time offenders. Moreover,
the theory held, failure to move against petty offenders would simply promote
more serious offenses. Indeed, that is the whole idea behind George Kelling's
influential book, "Fixing Broken Windows"--that taking care of the small stuff
(turnstile jumpers, graffiti, broken windows) is the best way to prevent the
rougher stuff from happening.

Males said he never found that theory convincing. But what of the implications
of his own? Isn't the logical conclusion that, if attention to low-level drug
offenses produces bad results, we should ignore those offenses?

"We don't say it that way," Males said. "What our findings suggest--and this is
fairly complex stuff--is that the most efficient way of using drug-enforcement
resources is to concentrate on serious offenses. We've got a couple of
presidential candidates right now who, if they had been arrested and identified
and possibly incarcerated as drug offenders, would not be where they are today.
I don't think we'd have been better off without them."

So is it JPI's conclusion that get-tough enforcement, zero tolerance and
broken-window social therapy are largely worthless at best and may on occasion
be like the misidentified "brake" on that much-maligned Audi 5000?

"If you made me reduce this very complicated matter to a single sentence," said
Males, "it would be: Don't sweat the small stuff."


LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 17, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Chips Off the Old Cell Block;
Sons Follow in Footsteps of 2 Imprisoned Crime Bosses

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1424 words


Many men who run huge enterprises and reach the summit of their professions want
their sons to follow in their footsteps. But on this Father's Day, two sons who
tried to follow their fathers' career paths have instead followed them into
prison.

In both cases, it was a family business. The fathers are John J. Gotti, the
convicted boss of the Gambino crime family, and Carmine J. Persico, the
imprisoned leader of the Colombo family.

Mr. Gotti, 59, and Mr. Persico, 66, have been accused by prosecutors of being
the heads of two of the nation's largest and deadliest Mafia families. They are
serving life sentences on charges of murder and racketeering. Their sons, John
A. Gotti, 36, and Alphonse T. Persico, 46, are also behind prison walls, mainly
as a consequence of inheriting their fathers' criminal empires, organized crime
experts assert.

When the elder Mr. Gotti and the elder Mr. Persico anointed their sons as their
successors, they defied long-standing Mafia orthodoxy, according to law
enforcement officials and mob historians. These experts note that although
mobsters can recruit close relatives, under Mafia tradition a boss cannot
unilaterally designate a successor. No previous American Mafia boss, the experts
said, had crowned a son.

"It's funny, but the Mafia is an organization based on a bit of meritocracy,"
said Frederick T. Martens, the former executive director of the Pennsylvania
Crime Commission and the former Mafia intelligence chief of the New Jersey State
Police, in an interview. "Gotti and Persico tried to shove their kids down the
throats of their families, and it created enormous dissension because there are
a lot of people in each family who do not think they have earned it."

Defense lawyers say the two sons admire their fathers and do not hold them
responsible for their convictions. The sons would like to make Happy Father's
Day calls to express their affection, but they are barred by federal rules from
telephoning inmates in other prisons.

After first asserting that the Gottis were victims of a vendetta by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and by federal prosecutors, Bruce Cutler, their lawyer,
said that the men would "be together in spirit" on Father's Day.

Barry Levin, Alphonse Persico's lawyer, said the son deeply regretted being
unable to speak with his father but would communicate his affection and respect
in letters. "There is an incredibly close and loving relationship between my
client and his father," he added.

So far, what the authorities described as attempts by the Gottis and the
Persicos to create underworld dynasties have apparently backfired. As "acting
bosses," the sons became the subjects of spirited investigations that led to
their convictions.

And, investigators say, the sons' fast-track Mafia promotions ignited dissension
in the Gambino family and a bloody war in the Colombo family.

Sentenced in 1992, John J. Gotti is serving a life sentence in virtual solitary
confinement at the federal penitentiary in Marion, Ill. In September, his son
began a sentence of six years and five months at the federal penitentiary in Ray
Brook, N.Y., near Lake Placid, after pleading guilty to racketeering and
extortion charges.

Carmine Persico was sentenced in 1986 to combined terms of 130 years on two
racketeering convictions and is at the federal penitentiary in Lompoc, Calif. In
February, Alphonse Persico began an 18-month sentence in the federal
penitentiary in Miami for illegal gun possession.

Although the four men declined to be interviewed, through their lawyers they
have steadfastly denied any involvement with the Mafia. The lawyers say that law
enforcement agencies harassed the sons and manufactured cases against them
because of their fathers' reputations and that the fathers had been framed by
witnesses who made deals to avoid long prison terms.

The Gambino and Colombo families, federal and local law enforcement officials
say, are two of five major Mafia gangs based in the New York City area and are
extensively involved in gambling, loan sharking and labor rackets.

Current and former investigators said that John Gotti and Carmine Persico
groomed their eldest sons for the Mafia. And the sons, investigators insist,
relished the power, money and attention that flowed to them as mob princes.

Remo Franceschini, a former lieutenant of detectives in the Police Department,
recalled listening, with court authorization, to telephone conversations in the
early 1980's between Mr. Gotti, who was then a Gambino capo, or captain, with
his son, then in his late teens.

"It was clear he was instructing him how he had to behave as a wise guy, and
Gotti gloated with pride when his son was 'made,' " Mr. Franceschini said.
("Made" is a Mafia term for being formally inducted through a blood oath.)

The younger Mr. Gotti, whose underworld nickname is Junior, grew up in Howard
Beach, Queens, and attended an upstate military-style prep school. Before his
conviction, he maintained that his income came from legitimate trucking,
construction and real estate businesses.

J. Bruce Mouw, a former F.B.I. supervisor of the bureau's Gambino and Colombo
family squads in the 1990's, said that John J. Gotti appointed his son as the
Gambinos' acting boss from prison in 1994, with the intention of having him
become his full-fledged successor.

Mr. Mouw described the younger Gotti as an inept leader in his five years as
acting boss, antagonizing veteran members of the Gambino and other Mafia
families. F.B.I. and Police Department investigators maintain that the younger
Mr. Gotti's recklessness brought about his quick downfall. In one case, when
F.B.I. agents raided his office in 1998, they found astonishingly incriminating
evidence, including $358,000 in unexplained cash, a list of new Mafia members
and an unregistered handgun.

His erratic record as a mob chief will probably prevent him from resuming a
powerful role in the Gambino family upon his release from prison in about five
years, the investigators said.

Mr. Martens, the former Mafia intelligence chief, believes that only one of John
J. Gotti's four children, his daughter, Victoria Gotti Agnello, an author of
mystery novels, has capitalized on the family name. "Her father's fame probably
landed her on the best-sellers list while the same notoriety landed her brother
in prison," he said.

Alphonse Persico was raised in South Brooklyn and in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, two
neighborhoods that the authorities say are Colombo family strongholds. The son,
known as Allie Boy, dabbled with the idea of becoming a lawyer but dropped out
of St. John's University after his sophomore year.

At trials and in court proceedings, Alphonse Persico has identified himself as a
businessman with real estate holdings and investments in a limousine service, a
restaurant, two bagel shops and a wholesale coffee company. But what the
authorities described as his criminal alliance with his father crystallized in
1986 when both men were tried and convicted together on federal racketeering
charges.

At the trial in Federal District Court in Manhattan, Aaron R. Marcu, a
prosecutor, described the son as "his father's trusted lieutenant."

Mr. Marcu said the evidence at the 1986 trial disclosed that the younger Mr.
Persico was an ardent recruit. "He was taken by the life of being an important
mobster," Mr. Marcu said. "He was the swaggering, classic wannabe."

Carmine Persico's plan to have his son installed as acting boss when he was
paroled in 1994 provoked an internecine war between two Colombo family factions
in which at least 10 reputed gangsters and a bystander were killed in the early
1990's, according to the F.B.I. Investigators said that a family truce was
arranged in the mid-1990's and that Alphonse Persico was recognized as acting
boss by the Colombo gang last year.

Mafia experts believe that Alphonse Persico's leadership is shaky because of the
gun conviction in February and a separate loan sharking and fraud inquiry
centering on him that federal prosecutors in Brooklyn disclosed in October.

Tomorrow, the sons may be sending best wishes to their fathers, but some people
will be wondering whether that affection was truly returned.

"What father, if he had any love or compassion for his son, would encourage him
to become a mob boss or even a mobster?" Mr. Mouw, the former F.B.I. supervisor,
asked of the Gotti and Persico filial relationships. "Who would want his son to
be in danger of being killed or of being sent to jail? "


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: John A. Gotti, left, and his father, the convicted Gambino
crime boss John J. Gotti, will both spend Father's Day in prison. (Photographs
by Associated Press; illustration by The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 1, 1999, Thursday, THREE STAR EDITION

AREA RANKS ABOVE OTHERS IN DROP IN CRIME RATE;
BUT COMPARED TO OTHER CITIES, REGION IS LOSING GROUND IN AFFORDABILITY

BYLINE: Mark Schlinkmann; Regional Political Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A1

LENGTH: 861 words


Crime has dropped faster in the St. Louis metropolitan area than in most other
major urban regions.

The St. Louis area also improved its standing in two key education measures.

But the region's affordability as a place to live has been slipping. And though
the area's economy has grown, it hasn't gained ground on its rival metro areas
across the country.

Those are a few highlights from the "Where We Stand" report, a study by the
East-West Gateway Coordinating Council that compares the 11-county St. Louis
region with other urban areas. It ranks metropolitan areas in 89 different
economic, demographic, health, education and quality-of-life categories.

The report was submitted Wednesday to the annual St. Louis Regional Congress of
Governments, which met at the Marriott Pavilion Hotel in downtown St. Louis. It
is the third such study this decade. The last study was released in 1996.

The area's favorable crime ranking was the most significant improvement for the
St. Louis area, said David Boyd, planning director for the coordinating council.

Added Richard C. D. Fleming, head of the Regional Commerce & Growth Association:
"It is one of those figures that jumps off the page. ... It is a very exciting
item."

The area's crime rate -- measured by the number of crimes per 100,000 in
population -- dropped to 4,568 in 1997 (the most recent year with available
data) from 5,922 in 1995. That's a 23 percent reduction in the area's crime rate
-- putting the St. Louis area fourth among 28 urban areas surveyed. The area's
rank in 1995 was 12th, but three of the best-ranked metro areas in that report
did not provide information for this report.

The only metro areas ranking better in crime statistics this time were San
Diego; Portland, Ore.; and Pittsburgh. The Miami area had the highest crime
rate.

Crime in the city of St. Louis also dropped, but the city's crime rate remains
much higher than the crime rate in the rest of the metro area. So, when
comparing city crime vs. nearby suburban crime, the St. Louis region's ratio was
the worst among the metro areas measured, the same spot it held in the 1996
report.

Other categories ranked measured up to 35 metropolitan statistical areas and
used data from a variety of years.

On some education measures, for instance, the data are from 1996. The current
report shows that the St. Louis region had a pupil-to-teacher ratio of 15.49 in
public elementary and high schools, the fourth best among 35 metro areas. The
previous report, citing figures from 1993, put St. Louis 10th, with a ratio of
17.2 students per teacher.

The bi-state St. Louis area also improved its ranking in total spending per
pupil, moving to 15th place from 19th. But when that spending is measured as a
percentage of total personal incomes in the region, the St. Louis area dropped
to 27th place from 24th place.

Perhaps most troubling is a measure that seemed to indicate a slippage in the
metro area's long-standing claim of affordable living.

The current study uses 1996 per-capita personal income figures adjusted for cost
of living to describe affordability. The average adjusted personal income in the
St. Louis area was $ 26,792, putting the region in 11th place among 35 metro
areas. St. Louis area had ranked third in the previous report.

"One of St. Louis' assets in terms of marketing ourselves has long been its
affordability of living," Boyd said. "This seems to be slowly sliding away."

Adding to that theory is the area's ranking based on the average price of
existing one-family homes. St. Louis jumped to 12th least expensive in 1997 from
sixth least expensive in 1994.

Fleming, of the Regional Growth Association, acknowledged that prices on new and
existing homes in the metro area have risen, including some homes in St. Louis,
because "our housing stock has become more attractive."

But, Fleming added, the report doesn't measure another aspect of affordability:
the area's tax burden. Metro areas in Missouri tend to fare better than other
urban areas because of lesser taxation, he said.

Overall, the report showed improvements in the area's ranking in 19 categories,
such as a lowered infant mortality rate, and setbacks in 20 categories, such as
a decrease in federal defense contract dollars per capita.

And the Gateway Council pointed out that the St. Louis area ranks sixth in
quality of housing, up from 15th, but it ranks below average in job growth --
24th.

Boyd said the area's population "is basically treading water" -- ranking 14th in
1997 among 35 areas, with nearly 2.6 million people. The area ranked 29th in
percentage of population growth between 1990 and 1997, with Phoenix at the top
and Pittsburgh at the bottom.

The Gateway Council is a regional planning agency representing governments from
throughout the metropolitan area; one of its main roles is to approve how
federal funds are spent by local governments. The St. Louis Congress of
Governments is another regional group that convenes for this conference. The
Regional Commerce & Growth Association is a coalition of organizations promoting
the region to outside companies and groups.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC Post-Dispatch Color Graphic / Chart - Where the St. Louis area
stands
 Area crime rate
 Per 100,000 population, 1997
 Rank
 1. Pittsburgh..........2,783
 2. Portland............4,102
 3. San Diego...........4,417
 4. St. Louis...........4,568
 5. New York............4,607
 Average of 34 regions..6,001

 Students per teacher
 Elementary and secondary public schools, 1996.
 Rank
 1. Boston...............14.66
 2. San Antonio..........14.90
 3. Austin...............15.30
 4. St. Louis............15.49
 5. Kansas City..........15.79
 Average of 34 regions...18.20

 Income
 Per-capita personal income, adjusted for cost of living, 1996
 Rank
 1. Minneapolis...........$ 29,289
 2. Dallas................$ 28,940
 3. Houston...............$ 28,667
 4. Denver................$ 28,245
 5. Nashville.............$ 27,872
 11. St. Louis.............$ 26,792
 Average of 35 regions....$ 24,665

 Source: East-West Gateway-Coordinating Council

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          December 31, 1998, Thursday,

Murders continue to decline in major American cities;
 The good economy and the decline in crack use are among the reasons given for
the decrease.

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 519 words


Murders in major American cities continued to drop in 1998, reaching levels not
seen in some cases since the 1960s.

The trend, perhaps not coincidentally, looks like somebody reversed a chart of
the stock market over the past decade.

"The economy's good, apprehension rates are high and the emergency clinics are
excellent in saving people's lives," said police Lt. A.J. Biello of Atlanta,
which had 146 murders in 1998 as of Monday, four fewer than last year.

New York City dropped from 767 murders last year to 616 as of Monday -- the
lowest toll since 1964. Los Angeles went from 566 in 1997 to 414 on Monday, a
level not seen since 1970. Among the next three largest cities, Chicago's toll
is comparable to that of the late 1980s, Houston to the late 1960s, and
Philadelphia to the mid-1980s. Miami's dates back to the mid-1970s.

Only a few big cities -- Dallas, Minneapolis, Newark, N.J., Phoenix and Seattle,
among them -- had more murders this year than last, but most were still well
below their peaks.

The trend has been going on since the early 1990s. Aside from the booming
economy, the reasons given for the decline include the waning of the crack
trade, mandatory sentences, better police work and perhaps even changing
attitudes toward crime.

"There's been a rising revulsion in personal violence in those neighborhoods,"
said Eric Monkkonen, a professor at the University of California at Los Angeles
who specializes in studying murder in American cities. "And violent young men
are no longer honorable."

In New York, officials credit drug crackdowns and a war on "quality of life"
crimes, such as jaywalking and riding bicycles on the sidewalk.

"The people who are involved in minor crimes are sometimes the same people who
are involved in major crimes, or have knowledge of major crimes," Police
Commissioner Howard Safir said.

Whatever the reasons, Peggy Naylor said she no longer is afraid to go to the
grocery store by herself in Washington Heights, once the drug hub of New York
City.

"It used to be so awful here, with all those drug dealers on the streets, day
and night," Mrs. Naylor, whose community had 13 murders this year compared with
122 in 1991. "Now my grandchildren can play outside. There's Christmas lights on
the block."

New York, whose total peaked in 1992 with 2,262 killings, and Los Angeles each
posted a 20 percent drop in murders for the second straight year.

Other cities with lower numbers than last year were Chicago (695 from 755);
Houston (229 from 241); Philadelphia (333 from 418); Miami (94 from 97); Boston
(35 from 42); Nashville, Tenn. (96 from 112); Denver (56 from 72).

Despite an 8 percent decrease from 755 murders last year, Chicago was headed for
the highest toll in the country, with 695 as of Tuesday.

Baltimore remained at last year's 310 murders despite the city's strong push to
get below 300.

Even cities that saw more murders were still off totals from just two years ago.
Newark had 94 murders in 1996, 57 last year and 59 so far this year. Minneapolis
went from 86 in 1996 to 58 last year and 61 this year.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1998 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            August 7, 1997 Thursday

ST. PAUL TOUTS LOW CRIME RATE IN '96 ANALYSIS;
POLICE STUDY, RANK FIVE SIMILAR CITIES

BYLINE: Robert F. Moore, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 653 words


Five years ago, Shem Shakir often looked north in disgust from the corner of
University Avenue and Dale Street in St. Paul. On any given night, his view was
blighted by strip joints, loiterers, drunks, prostitution and gang activity.

Today a police precinct, a shopping center, a mini-flea market and various
social service centers occupy spaces where pimps trolled and drive-by shootings
were common occurrences, said Shakir, executive director of the Frogtown Action
Alliance.

"Now, it's a safe area to live in," he said. "Now, you can walk down the street
at night."

The sense of relative well-being he described is reflected in a compilation of
federal statistics released this week by the St. Paul Police Department showing
the city with a lower overall crime rate than several other U.S. cities its size
in 1996.

St. Paul had a lower crime rate than Birmingham, Ala., St. Petersburg, Fla., and
Rochester, N.Y.

Colorado Springs, Colo., and Anchorage, Alaska, reported lower crime rates per
capita than St. Paul, among the sample of six cities selected.

But those figures, generated in a data survey requested by Mayor Norm Coleman,
also show the city's position relative to the others hasn't changed since 1992.
Nor has the rate of Part 1 offenses - homicide, rape, robbery, aggravated
assault, burglary, theft and vehicle theft - changed dramatically.

The city recorded just over 21 of those crimes per 1,000 people in 1996,
compared with 22 in 1992, according to figures released by the police research
department.

University of Minnesota criminologist Koachim Savelsberg cautioned that such
comparisons are extremely rough and subject to various biases, such as the
particular cities chosen for comparison, exclusion of unreported crime and
different ways of counting crime reports.

"A different selection of cities may have put St. Paul at the bottom," he noted.

But the mayor didn't see it that way.

"We should be singing this from the rafters," Coleman said. "Public safety is
one of the first things people look at when they want to visit a city. St. Paul
is safe, clean, affordable and has good schools."

Coleman said he asked Police Chief William Finney last week for statistics to
flesh out his belief that the city is safe. The resulting report was released by
the department this week.

The report showed some interesting variations: St. Paul's 25 homicides compared
with 113 in Birmingham, but it had more reported rapes than the Alabama city -
247 vs. 229. St. Petersburg had the most reported rapes, with 392. St. Paul had
fewer than half as many robberies as Birmingham - 890 compared with 1,838 - and
lagged well behind St. Petersburg and Rochester as well.

Coleman said the city has also been aggressive in fighting what he called
"quality-of-life crimes" of a lesser magnitude, such as panhandling, vagrancy,
prostitution, truancy and vandalism, including graffiti.

The city recently added 15 park rangers - parks employees assigned to curb car
thefts, vandalism and other crimes in parks - a move that doubled the number of
personnel in the unit.

"There's a lot of vandalism and harassment of people in the parks," said Ward 3
City Council Member Mike Harris, who sponsored the proposal to add the park
rangers. "I've lived in St. Paul my whole life and I've seen an increase in the
number of cars broken into at Como Park. We had to become more proactive."

The new park rangers began patrols on Aug. 1, he said, during the times when
incidents are most likely to occur.

Neighborhoods are safer because communities have learned to work with police,
said Shakir, who has lived in St. Paul for 24 years and is part of an organized
network of block clubs in the Thomas-Dale area.

"We work with police to get gangs out of our neighborhood," Shakir said. "That's
why crime has gone down in our neighborhood. People have been empowered to do it
themselves."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1997 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                JANUARY 30, 1997 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CRIME RATE DECLINES IN BAY AREA TREND CONTINUES: STATISTICS IN 1996 SHOW
DRAMATIC DECLINE FROM 1995.

BYLINE: RAOUL V. MOWATT, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 493 words


Crime in several of the Bay Area's major cities plummeted in 1996, helping the
state to its lowest rate since 1968, according to preliminary statistics
released Wednesday.

In comparing crime reports from the first nine months of 1996 and 1995 in
California's largest cities, Attorney General Dan Lungren said it appears crime
will continue its fourth year of decline.

Despite already having reputations for being among the safest in the nation,
some local large cities posted impressive results.

In San Jose, violent crime was down by about 9 percent, with rape declining by
almost 18 percent. In Sunnyvale, violent crime decreased by 11 percent, with
robberies down nearly 25 percent. And in Fremont, violent crime dropped a
whopping 31 percent, led by a 38 percent cut in aggravated assault.

The Santa Clara County Sheriff's Department reported an 8.6 percent drop in
violent crime, but that was offset by a 12 percent increase in property crime.
San Francisco saw a 7.7 decline in violent crime, and Oakland did not have
enough statistics for a comparison.

Lungren, a candidate for the Republican nomination for governor next year, has
long supported strict law-and-order measures. In his annual "State of the Public
Safety" speech, he attributed the decrease to a combination of the state's
"three strikes, you're out" sentencing law and community-oriented policing
programs.

"Crime is being driven down to levels not seen since the days of Vince
Lombardi's Green Bay Packers and the first Super Bowls," Lungren said. "If our
goal is - as I believe it should be - to return to the low crime rates of the
1950s, we are now about halfway home."

Lungren said the crime statistics show an accelerating pace of crime reduction
over the past four years - down 0.3 percent in 1993, 6.5 percent in 1994, an
additional 7.0 percent in 1995 and 12.3 percent in 1996 - and that for the first
time there was a decline in every major crime category.

His report said homicide was down 13.4 percent, forcible rape 3.4 percent,
robbery 9.9 percent, aggravated assault 9.1 percent, burglary 12.8 percent and
motor vehicle theft 15.2.

Critics have charged that the three-strikes law - which mandates longer
sentences for repeat felons - does not deter crime, has resulted in unfair terms
for drug offenders and petty thieves, and will result in incarceration costs the
state cannot afford.

But Lungren said a 20 percent decrease in crime since the law took effect places
the burden on skeptics to prove their case.

"When something is working, it should not be ignored," he said. "It should be
acknowledged. And when it is working well, it should be extolled."

The report is based on crime statistics from 69 police departments and sheriff's
offices, which serve 58 percent of the state's population. Lungren said although
final statewide figures will not be available for months, they will probably
mirror the rates in the nine-month report.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: IF YOU'RE INTERESTED
To find the attorney general's report, point your Web browser at http::
caag.state.ca.us: cjsc:
ninemos.htm .

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Dan Lungren
[970130 LO 1B 1]

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 31, 1996, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

(GRAPHIC ONLY) VIOLENT CRIME IN THE AREA, 1993-1994;
(MISSOURI)

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 08A

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC Graphic by Tom Borgman; Data Compiled By Joe Holleman
 Source: Uniform Crime Report, F.B.I.
 Violent Crime In The Area, 1993 - 1994 (Missouri)
 These murder, rape and violent crime numbers are two-year totals.
 * Total violent crimes include murders, rapes, armed robberies and felony
assaults.

 Crimes per
 Population                  Total    yr for
 (Average                    Violent  every 1000
 in '93-94)  Murders  Rapes  Crimes*  residents

 CITY OF ST. LOUIS
 City of
 St. Louis     388,745    515     623   29,642     38.1

 ST. LOUIS COUNTY
 Pagedale           3,755      2       9      228     30.4
 Pine Lawn          4,840      4      13      199     20.6
 Hillsdale          2,056      1       3       56     13.6
 Bel-Ridge          3,196      1       3       74     11.6
 Jennings          15,748      6      17      321     10.2
 Northwoods         5,088      0       3      102     10.0
 Charlack           1,489      0       3       27      9.1
 Maplewood          9,782      0       6      174      8.9
 Cool Valley        1,368      1       0       24      8.8
 Berkeley          12,845      5      11      218      8.5
 Riverview          3,295      0       1       54      8.2
 Moline Acres       2,736      0       1       43      7.9
 Calverton Park     1,411      0       1       22      7.8
 Flordell Hills       891      0       0       13      7.3
 University City   39,905      8      34      562      7.0
 Normandy           4,464      1       4       59      6.6
 Richmond Heights  10,279      0       7      135      6.6
 St. Ann           14,393      1      12      173      6.0
 Sunset Hills       4,924      0       5       50      5.1
 Ferguson          22,309      2      23      226      5.1
 Shrewsbury         7,727      0       0       68      5.0
 Valley Park        4,332      0       6       42      4.9
 Breckenridge Hills 5,582      1       6       51      4.6
 Fenton             3,425      0       3       31      4.5
 Bridgeton         17,468      4      10      158      4.5
 St. George         1,261      0       0       11      4.4
 Country Club Hills 1,314      0       0       11      4.2
 Overland         18,040      0       6      148      4.1
 Hazelwood         15,197      2       4      117      3.9
 St. John           7,316      0       4       54      3.7
 Pasadena Hills     1,114      0       0        7      3.1
 Bellefontaine     10,936      0       3       67      3.1
 Neighbors
 Clayton           13,989      0       4       80      2.9
 Dellwood           5,454      0       2       31      2.8
 Des Peres          8,570      0       0       47      2.7
 Maryland Heights  25,606      2       7      136      2.7
 Olivette           7,438      1       0       38      2.6
 Unincorporated   420,400     43     145    2,000      2.4
 county
 Kirkwood          27,653      2      15      122      2.2
 Woodson Terrace    4,347      0       2       19      2.2
 Manchester         6,703      0       2       27      2.0
 Winchester         1,633      0       0        6      1.8
 Edmundson          1,125      1       0        4      1.8
 Pasadena Park        572      0       0        2      1.8
 Eureka             5,141      0       2       17      1.7
 Florissant        52,100      1      11      172      1.7
 Vinita Park        2,002      0       0        3      1.5
 ('93 only)
 Creve Coeur       12,064      0       0       36      1.5
 Rock Hill          5,241      0       0        7      1.3
 ('94 only)
 Crestwood         11,256      0       1       30      1.3
 Town & Country     9,514      0       2       24      1.3
 Webster Groves    23,443      1       2       58      1.2
 Ladue              9,080      2       0       22      1.2
 Frontenac          3,435      0       0        8      1.2
 Glendale           6,105      2       0       13      1.1
 Chesterfield      40,382      0       7       82      1.0
 Clarkson Valley    2,528      0       0        5      1.0
 Ellisville         7,897      0       1       15      1.0
 Ballwin           24,287      0       3       46      1.0
 Oakland            1,596      0       0        3      0.9
 Bel-Nor            2,974      0       0        5      0.8
 Brentwood          8,075      1       0       10      0.6
 Warson Woods       2,113      0       1        2      0.5
 Westwood             310      0       0        0      0.0
 St. Louis Co.
 totals  1,006,868     95     405    6,595      3.3

 ST. CHARLES COUNTY
 Wentzville         5,438      2       7       44      4.0
 City of           57,991      1      37      314      2.7
 St. Charles
 Unincorporated    85,439      4      38      424      2.5
 county
 Lake Saint Louis   7,802      0       2       32      2.1
 St. Peters        50,557      0      20      191      1.9
 O'Fallon          21,818      1       8       65      1.5
 St. Charles Co.
 totals  229,043      8     112    1,070      2.3

 JEFFERSON COUNTY
 Festus             8,662      1       4      123      7.1
 Crystal City       4,146      0       6       50      6.0
 Arnold            20,003      1       7      203      5.1
 Unincorporated   138,291     10      65      737      2.7
 county
 Pevely             2,988      0       5       15      2.5
 DeSoto             6,427      0       1        7      0.5
 Jefferson Co.
 totals    180,516     12      88    1,135      3.1

 FRANKLIN COUNTY
 Washington        11,216      0       4      107      4.8
 Union              6,105      1       0       44      3.6
 Pacific            4,711      1       2       30      3.2
 Sullivan           4,848      0       0       25      2.6
 Unincorporated    57,665      3      29      286      2.5
 county
 Franklin Co.
 totals      84,544      5      34      492      2.9

 WARREN COUNTY
 Warrenton          4,009      0       9       20      2.5
 Unincorporated    16,925      1       2       28      0.8
 county
 Warren Co.
 totals        20,933      1      11       48      1.2

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         May 22, 1995 Monday 2D EDITION

Crime dips nationwide, locally

BYLINE: Denver Post Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1389 words


Crime reported to police dipped in 1994 for the third consecutive year, the FBI
said yesterday, but experts said the figures conceal trouble ahead as teenage
boys commit murder at alarming rates, including cities like Denver.

Police reports of seven major crimes dropped 3 percent compared to 1993,
including a 4 percent decline in violent crimes and a 3 percent reduction in the
far-more-numerous category of property crimes, the bureau said.

In Denver, murders rose from 74 in 1993 to 81 in 1994. But reported crimes in
six other categories tallied by the FBI dropped over the same period, including
sexual assaults, robberies, aggravated assaults, burglaries, larceny-thefts and
arson. Motor vehicle thefts increased during the period.

The declining trend echoed a Colorado Bureau of Investigation report last week.
That report said violent crimes statewide had dropped 14 percent in 1994 from
the previous year.

In the FBI numbers, Denver's overall "crime index" - the combined totals of
eight major-crime categories tallied by the bureau - dropped in 1994, and was
comparable to cities such as Long Beach, Calif.; Newark, N.J.; and Birmingham,
Ala.

Colorado Springs also saw a drop in its murder rate, with 14 killings in 1994,
down from 19 in 1993. But robberies, larceny-thefts and motor vehicle thefts and
arson rose in 1994 compared to the previous year, the FBI said.

In Pueblo, murders dropped from nine in 1993 to eight in 1994, but robberies,
burglaries, larceny-thefts, motor vehicle thefts and arson rose.

Of the four Colorado cities included in the FBI's report, only Lakewood reported
an increase in sexual assaults, which rose from 31 in 1993 to 52 in 1994.

Although declines occurred in every region of the country and in cities of
almost every size, experts said the heartening statistics mask an explosion of
gun murders by teenage boys.

"The overall crime rate hides the grim truth because it mixes together two crime
trends going in opposite directions," said James Alan Fox, dean of the College
of Criminal Justice at Northeastern University.

"The rate (at which) adults commit crime is dropping fast. The 76 million baby
boomers, who dominate the numbers, are getting into middle age and are not so
violent as when they were younger," Fox said. "But the rate at which boys are
committing crimes, particularly homicide, is skyrocketing."

The FBI's preliminary annual report has no data on the age of offenders. But Fox
said final FBI data from 1985-93 show that the number of adults age 25 or older
committing murder decreased 20 percent. In the same period, homicides committed
by 18- to 24-year-old males increased 65 percent and by 14- to 17-year-old males
by 165 percent.

In 1994, the FBI said, robbery dropped the most, by 6 percent; murder and rape
each were down 5 percent; aggravated assault declined by 2 percent.

Among property crimes, burglary went down 5 percent, followed by motor vehicle
theft, down 2 percent, and larceny-theft, down 1 percent. Partial figures for
arson also showed a 1 percent drop.

Every region reported a decline in reported crime: 5 percent in the Northeast, 2
percent in the South, and 1 percent in the Midwest and in the West. Violent
crime declined in all regions and property crime showed a reduction in all but
the West, where it remained at the 1993 level.

Among cities, the largest decline in overall reported crime was 6 percent in
those with more than 1 million residents. All others showed smaller declines
except cities of 10,000 to 24,999, where reported crime remained level.

In suburbs, overall crime showed no change; it increased by 1 percent in rural
areas.

The FBI's total of seven major crimes reported to law enforcement declined 2
percent in 1993 and 3 percent in 1992.

Violent crime - murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault - was unchanged in
1993 from the 1992 figures. Property crime declined 2 percent in 1993 and 4
percent in 1992.

"We're now in the lull before the crime storm," Fox said. As the children of
baby boomers age, "by the year 2005, we will have 23 percent more teenagers than
now."

The problem is largely confined to boys with guns. The homicide rate among
teenage girls has not risen.

"Since 1984, the number of teenagers committing murder with a gun has
quadrupled. The number of teenagers committing murder with all other weapons has
stayed the same," Fox said.

"The age data are really scary," said James Fyfe, a professor of criminal
justice at Temple University and former New York City policeman. "There's no
question our harshness on crime has had some effect on the numbers, but it's
minimal    The trick is to make it not worthwhile. There's nothing that would
make an average college student stick up a store because it will cost him all
sorts of opportunities."

Despite the improved 1994 numbers, FBI Director Louis Freeh said, "crime is
still too high."

YOUNG SUSPECTS

FBI data analyzed by Northeastern University criminal justice Dean James Alan
Fox show that males age 24 and under are committing an ever-increasing number of
homicides nationwide.

Here are recent examples of young males accused of homicides in the Denver metro
area. Most are still awaiting trial.

Nov. 26, 1993 - James Miller, 17, was accused of shooting and killing Geronimo
Maestas, 16, for his Broncos jacket.

Dec. 14, 1993 - Nathan Dunlap, 20, is accused of going on a shooting spree at a
Chuck E Cheese pizza parlor in Aurora, leaving four dead and one injured.

March 28, 1994 - Jeffrey Johnson, 18, and Jonathan Jordan, 19, are accused of
fatally stabbing Aurora businessman John Leonardelli 13 times during a
carjacking of his $ 45,000 Jaguar.

July 1994 - George Chavez, 15, and David Trujillo, 20, are accused of going on a
54-minute crime spree, leaving behind a trail of death, carjackings and
assaults.

Feb. 25, 1995 - Raymond James Gone, 16, is accused of firing five shots from a
.25-caliber automatic Raven pistol at Denver police officer Shawn Leinen. Two of
the bullets hit Leinen in the head and severed his brain stem.

April 2, 1995 - Lindsey Killin, 14, Alan Sudduth, 16, and Nicholas Reed, 15, are
accused of carjacking a cab and fatally shooting the driver, Finley Bradshaw
Myers.

April 12, 1995 - Roosevelt Deon Harris, Sean Frederick Steele and Curtis Antonio
Brooks, all 15, are charged with the murder of Christopher Ramos, 24, who was
killed as he left an automated teller machine in Aurora.

CRIME STATS

1993-1994 FBI statistics on serious reported crimes in four Colorado cities:

DENVER

1993 1994

Index Total       40,236    35,853

Murders               74        81

Sexual Assaults      383       366

Robberies          1,863     1,714

Agg. Assault       2,922     2,545

Burglaries         9,128     7,759

Larceny-Theft     17,858    16,723

Auto Theft         7,558     8,248

Arson                440       419

LAKEWOOD

1993 1994

Index Total        7,537     7,788

Murders                6         4

Sexual Assaults       31        52

Robberies            174       146

Agg. Assault         427       449

Burglaries         1,258     1,208

Larceny-Theft      5,355     5,318

Auto Theft           615       557

Arson                 73        54

COLORADO SPRINGS

1993 1994

Index Total       19,719    20,930

Murders               19        14

Sexual Assaults      265       228

Robberies            389       401

Agg. Assault         882       860

Burglaries         3,645     3,033

Larceny-Theft     13,391    15,185

Auto Theft         1,017     1,090

Arson                109       119

PUEBLO

1993 1994

Index Total        7,072     7,422

Murders                9         8

Sexual Assaults       87        84

Robberies            165       167

Agg. Assault       1,474     1,212

Burglaries         1,337     1,424

Larceny-Theft      3,640     4,052

Auto Theft           304       380

Arson                 56        85

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 31, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Gun laws are no answer

BYLINE: Bill K. Brewster

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 398 words


You'd think USA TODAY would know what was going on in the USA today. But it
doesn't. Leaving law-abiding Americans disarmed and defenseless in the face of
violent criminals who continue to roam freely only encourages an increase -- not
a decrease -- in violent crime.

Since USA TODAY doesn't get it, here's the reality of USA today:

No gun law has ever reduced violent crime. The District of Columbia has banned
guns since 1976; the murder rate has risen 200%. Bans don't stop criminals.

According to the Justice Department, the firearms banned in last year's crime
bill account for far fewer homicides than those caused by criminals' fists and
feet.

The average murderer spends just 7.7 years in prison, the average rapist 3.3
years.

During the last two years, rape, other sexual attacks, robbery, assault and
personal thefts increased by 6.7%.

During this same time, prosecutions for federal weapons and firearms offenses
have dropped a staggering 23%.

64% of Americans believe gun control laws do not reduce crime, according to a
CBS poll, and 60% oppose gun bans, according to a Gallup survey.

More than 2 million times a year, citizens use lawfully owned firearms,
including semiautomatic firearms, to defend themselves and their families from
criminal attack, according to Florida State criminologist Gary Kleck.

Gun laws aren't the answer. Criminal attacks have increased, while federal
prosecutions declined. Yet the "disarm America" politicians and media can only
think to offer a sure-to-fail gun ban. But Americans know that regulating the
law-abiding doesn't stop criminals - prosecution and punishment does.

Any weapon used in a crime is an assault weapon. Those guns covered in last
year's ban account for less than 1% of all homicides. How can addressing only 1%
of all homicides have any measurable effect on crime? We should be attacking
criminals; they are the common thread that connects 100% of all homicides and
violent crimes.

Preserve the right of law-abiding Americans. Increase, rather than decrease,
tough prosecution of armed criminals. Congress should pass tough
minimum-sentencing laws for crimes committed with guns, not gun bans. That's the
reality Americans want and voted for last November. And that's the reality
Americans expect from this Congress.

Rep. Bill K. Brewster, D-Okla., chairs the Congressional Sportsmen's Caucus.

LOAD-DATE: February 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Today's debate; GUN CONTROL; OPPOSING VIEW; Crack down on
armed criminals; that's what the public voted for.

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   November 12, 1994, Saturday, City Edition
                              Correction Appended

Robert Anderson, former crime prevention chief

BYLINE: CRAIG BASSE

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1100 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Robert A. Andersen, who once headed the city's Office of Crime Prevention,  has
died at age 76.

Mr. Andersen, a retired FBI agent and Federal Highway Administration
investigator, died Wednesday (Nov. 9, 1994) at his home in Pinellas Park.

A heart patient, he twice had surgery in the past four years, but the cause  of
his death was not announced.

As director of crime prevention from 1975 to 1978, he oversaw such programs  as
Neighborhood Alert, the St. Petersburg Association to Reduce Crime and the
Citizens Volunteer Organization.

His leadership "substantially contributed to lowering crime rates in St.
Petersburg and . . . supported the City Council's goal to reduce crime,"  former
City Manager Raymond E. Harbaugh said on the occasion of Andersen's  retirement.

Robert Andrew Andersen was born in Chicago and graduated from St. Olaf  College
in Northfield, Minn.

He came here in 1975 from Washington, D.C., where he was in charge of
investigations in the audits in 25 Midwestern states for the Highway
Administration. From 1941 to 1948 and from 1949 to 1963 he was an FBI agent,
serving as a special agent in charge of several regional offices.

Mr. Andersen was a member of the Florida and Tennessee Sheriffs  associations,
the Society of Former Special Agents of the FBI, and Fraternal  Order of Police,
Loudon County, Tenn. He belonged to LaGrange (Ill.) Masonic  Lodge 770 AF&AM,
Scottish Rite Consistory and Kerbela Shrine Temple 161, both  of Knoxville,
Tenn. He was a member of the St. Olaf Alumni Association and the  Lutheran
Church of the Cross.

Survivors include his wife of 53 years, Jeanne D.; a daughter, Sharen  Andersen
Kilpatrick, Atlanta; a son, Crossan Robert, Los Angeles; and three
grandchildren.

Friends may call from 2 to 3 p.m. today at the Lutheran Church of the  Cross,
4545 Chancellor St. NE. The funeral will begin at 3 p.m. Burial will be  later.

The family suggested memorial contributions to the church.

Anderson-McQueen Funeral Homes, Ninth Street Chapel, is in charge of
arrangements.



LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; CITY TIMES

CORRECTION-DATE: November 13, 1994

CORRECTION:
 Robert A. Andersen's name was misspelled in a headline and photo caption in an
obituary story Saturday.

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; ROBERT A. ANDERSEN

TYPE: OBITUARY

                            Times Publishing Company


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 26, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Early counseling helps to heal 'invisible' injuries

BYLINE: Robert Davis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 617 words


While trauma teams have become better at saving people whose bodies have been
battered by blades and bullets, some hospitals still routinely ignore
devastating mental injuries among crime victims.

"When you come into the emergency room with a gunshot wound, you go over there
on Gurney No. 3," says Dean Kilpatrick, professor of clinical psychology and
director of the Crime Victims Research and Treatment Center in Charleston, S.C.
"We don't have systematic mental health programs for victims.

"We can see a broken leg and figure that's kind of bad," says Kilpatrick. "But a
lot of the injuries suffered by crime victims are invisible."

Even when doctors know a patient is suffering emotionally, mental-health
counseling is still stigmatized, says Connie Best, head of a pilot counseling
project at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston.

Doctors "don't want to call for a psych-consult because they don't want to say
this person is crazy. . . . But that's what the person needs right then," says
Best.

"It's an area where we fall woefully short," says Anne Seymour, a victims
advocate formerly with the National Victim Center. "We don't offer the support
for the people who are shot or stabbed the way we would for a rape victim."

Experts say good counseling, early, can help victims find their way back to
normalcy and avoid later pitfalls, such as alcohol abuse or divorce.

"We need to get these people into counseling or therapy as quickly as possible,"
says Shelley Neiderbach, trauma counselor and author of Invisible Wounds, a book
about surviving violent crime. As a mental health problem, "this dwarfs
everything else collectively.

"These people are depressed or anxious or both," she says. "But nobody asks
about this the way they ask about mumps or measles."

She says the mental health of all crime victims should be checked before they
leave the hospital.

Kilpatrick says anything less could have grave social costs.

Healthy victims are more willing to confront and help prosecute their attackers,
he says. Without that help, criminals are left "free to rape and rob and kill or
whatever."

Says Best: "Everybody just assumes those (mental health) services will be
provided. But they're not. These people go home and get more and more distressed
and then, months or a year later, the family says you have to get help.

"It would cost less to treat the anxiety symptoms earlier. . . . It's just good
care," she says.

Many taking precautions as fear of crime increases A USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll
shows that more people are worried about being crime victims than were in a 1981
poll. People's crime fears and what they are doing about them:

Percent who worry often about being ...
                                1981   Now
Sexually assaulted          31%   38%
Burglarized when not there        35%   35%
Beaten up, shot, stabbed          19%   23%
Killed                            11%   19%

Percent who feel safe alone at night ...
Staying in their home             90%
Driving in their neighborhood     80%
Walking in their neighborhood     68%
Using public transportation       33%

How people are protecting themselves:
Had special locks installed       43%
Walk only with others in          40%

neighborhood at night
Keep a dog                        38%
Bought a gun                      30%
Carry a weapon                    27%
Installed a burglar alarm         18%
Carry a whistle                   10%

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, J.L. Albert, USA TODAY, Source: A USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
national telephone poll of 1,2444 adults, conducted Oct. 13-18. Margin of error:
3 percentage points. (Bar graph)

SPECIAL REPORT; CRIME IN AMERICA; As many as 100 million Americans have been
touched by violent crime -- an invisible army of victims who suffer long after
police reports are done. Some go on with their lives.  Others are changed
forever. Many fight back. Now they are finding new recognition of their pain.;
See info box at end of text; See related stories; 08A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 14, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

Call Their Arrests Horse Collars;
Baltimore's Mounted Officers Help Slow a Galloping Crime Rate

Paul W. Valentine, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B4

LENGTH: 758 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE


The police horse, the mainstay of parades, ceremonies and crowd control here for
more than 100 years, has been given a new beat: crime busting.

With the city's crime rate climbing, police have added horses to their array of
cars, foot patrols, helicopters and K-9 units in residential neighborhoods. And
they say the mounted police are producing results.

Arrests by the 18-officer, 20-horse unit jumped from 191 in 1990 to 394 so far
this year, police said. One mounted officer, Anthony Brown, has confiscated four
or five handguns in quick-hit arrests on the street.

"We go into places where cars can't go. And we're faster than foot patrols,"
said Brown, a nine-year member of the force who is known for his aggressiveness.
"You ever seen a man outrun a horse?"

For the last year, Sgt. Albert Denis Jr. said, mounted police have been
reassigned from downtown traffic control and ticket-writing in the popular Inner
Harbor area to crime "hot spots," places known for drugs and drive-by shootings.

Traveling in pairs, mounted police tower over crowds on street corners and in
alleys, moving people along, breaking up what they say are drug deals and
stopping, frisking and occasionally arresting suspects.

"We work wherever the fester is, wherever the problem is," Brown said.

On a recent night in west Baltimore, Brown, 31, and Officer George Kunkoski, 44,
spotted a knot of people gathered around a man in a blue jacket on a street
known for illicit drug activity. The officers trotted toward the group. It
scattered, leaving the man in the blue jacket alone.

Brown spied a bulge under the jacket and ordered the man to freeze. Brown
remained on his horse, while Kunkoski dismounted and searched the man. He found
a beeper on the man's belt and a small amount of cash, but no drugs. The man was
released.

"Visibility, accessibility and intimidation -- that's what the horses give us,"
Brown said.

It was a textbook stop-and-frisk, he said. By remaining on his horse, Brown
said, he could survey the area better, protect his partner and chase the suspect
if he fled.

The crowd, the location and the bulge under the man's jacket provided the
legally required "probable cause" to stop the suspect, Brown said. And although
the man did not have drugs on him, "he wasn't singing or juggling, I can tell
you that," Brown said, adding that the police action will curb drug activity on
that street for some time.

So successful are the horses, Sgt. Milton Sneed said, that the unit is getting
four more and training additional officers to ride them.

District police have no horses, but departments in several large cities,
including New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco, do.

U.S. Park Police, with one of the oldest mounted police units in the country,
have 57 horses in the Washington area. They are used mostly for crowd control at
demonstrations and routine patrols in parks, according to the unit commander,
Lt. Dennis Hayo.

The selection and training of horses are critical to their ability to work in
cities, Brown and other officers said.

"If they can't adapt to the sounds of the street -- the sirens, buses, gunshots
-- we have to give them back," Brown said.

"They're all afraid of something -- moving paper, a cement mixer," Denis said,
and much of the training is devoted to overcoming those fears.

"They're just like people," said Brown, noting that some horses are much more
high-strung than others. "We had one horse -- you could set a howitzer off next
to him, and he wouldn't move."

Most horses are donated to the Baltimore police by farms or individuals. A mix
of quarter horses, Tennessee walkers and thoroughbreds, all must be
saddle-broken, at least 3 years old and at least 15.2 hands high (about 5 1/2
feet to the withers), according to Brown and Denis. A good horse can work for 25
years, they said.

Kunkoski, an 18-year veteran with 10 years in the mounted unit, rides a quarter
horse named Yankee, a placid 15-year-old who seems to take the noise and
congestion of the inner city in stride.

In contrast, Brown is training a fidgety thoroughbred named Sky. The animal
bucked and shied on a recent night patrol as bus horns honked and pedestrians
shouted on a crowded street. "He's never been in a city," Brown said. "He comes
from a farm near Annapolis."

Horse patrols are not all arrests and intimidation, he said. "People like the
horses in the community. Kids come up and pet the horse and ask what's his name.
That little bit of dialogue is good," Brown said, adding: "You can't pet a car."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MOUNTED POLICE OFFICER GEORGE KUNKOSKI FRISKS A MAN ON A STREET
IN WEST BALTIMORE. THE MAN WAS NOT ARRESTED. ANDRE CHUNG FOR TWP

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 11, 1989, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Campuses: 'Clean up' crime act

BYLINE: Pat Ordovensky

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1a

LENGTH: 188 words

DATELINE: TOWSON, Md.

He spoke to a conference on campus violence at Towson State University.

Colleges should start their own reporting systems before lawmakers do, True
says.

Pennsylvania last year became the first state to require colleges to disclose
crimes to applicants. True predicts two or three states will pass similar laws
this year.

Maryland Judge Joseph Murphy thinks that in three or four years more than half
the states will have laws.

''Don't be afraid of these statutes,'' Murphy told the colleges. ''Make
information available that will create confidence in the safety of your
institution.''

True attributes the clamor for crime reporting to:

- Court decisions holding colleges liable for not telling students about crime
hazards.

- Pressure from parents of crime victims.

- More media attention.

He praised USA TODAY's three-day campus crime report last October as ''the best
news media article so far'' and ''a good first effort to publicize these
statistics.''

True said he has ''no sympathy for ostriches'' who refuse to report crime
statistics. In USA TODAY's survey, 66 of the 500 largest colleges declined to.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               November 21, 1988

Florida net links police crime labs

BYLINE: By Bob Brown, Senior Writer

SECTION: TOP NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 595 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE, Fla.


The Florida Department of Law Enforcement recently began the cutover of a
statewide net that will link crime laboratories to improve the handling and
tracking of evidence from crime scenes.

Six crime labs across the state will be outfitted with minicomputers tied into a
central site via dedicated lines. The network is scheduled to be phased in by
the end of 1989; initial equipment shipments have already begun.

Investigators will use the network to match evidence from new crimes with
evidence from unsolved crimes. The improved communications among labs is also
expected to prevent lab workers from duplicating each other's work, said Tim
Sheridan, a research and development specialist at the Department of Law
Enforcement here.

At the labs, physical evidence is tested to help identify weapons, suspects and
victims. The evidence is also prepared for display during court trials.

In the first phase of the project, the Tallahassee lab will be linked to a crime
lab in Orlando. From there, labs in Fort Myers, Jacksonville, Pensacola and
Tampa will be added to the network.

Currently, workers in the crime labs find it difficult to work together and
share their findings because their computers are not linked. In addition, budget
constraints have limited the number of computers currently used in the crime
labs, Sheridan said.

This lack of communication sometimes leads to the duplication of efforts. Often,
a crime lab will spend time studying evidence that another lab has already
tested, he said. In other situations, such as when a crime scene is located
midway between two labs, evidence from the same crime will go to two different
labs.

Each lab currently sends information about evidence it tests through the mail to
a central data base. There is no way to know that another lab has tested the
same evidence until such data is sent to the main data base, he said.

The new network, dubbed Crime Laboratory Automated Staff Services, will allow
the labs to send or retrieve data from a central data base on an NCR Corp. 9800
mainframe here, he said.

This will help eliminate the duplication of efforts since investigators will be
able to monitor evidence recorded in the data base to determine if it has
already been tested, Sheridan said. Feedback on inquiries will be available
on-line, he said.

The data base will also match new evidence data with data from unsolved cases,
he said.

Each of the six labs will have an NCR Tower minicomputer linked to the NCR 9800
via a dedicated line. The department has not decided what speed it will use,
Sheridan said.

Linked to each Tower computer will be a combination of NCR 3390 personal
computers and NCR 4970 data terminals, as well as personal computers, terminals
and workstations from other vendors. Each Tower 650 computer with an extension
cabinet can support up to 128 devices.

The net will support crime lab software from NCR and Century Analysis, Inc. net
management software, Sheridan said. The management software supports MS-DOS and
Unix applications.

Once the network is up, the department hopes to allow local law enforcement
agencies, including police stations and district attorneys, to access
information about evidence or specific cases from the local crime lab's Tower
computer. They will be able to do this by dialing in via a personal computer
equipped with a modem.

Looking toward the future, Sheridan said the Florida crime lab network could
become part of a nationwide network of crime labs and law enforcement agencies
coordinated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988, Network World, Inc.


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 20, 1988, Monday

BOLD THIEVES FLY OFF WITH SIX TURBOPROPS FOR PROBABLE SMUGGLING

BYLINE: Arizona Republic

SECTION: AVIATION, Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX, Ariz.


In the past six months, a group of brazen thieves has stolen six high- performan
ce turboprop airplanes - from Florida to Arizona - for probable use in funneling
drugs from Colombia to the United States.

In each instance, the thieves used the same bold method: Pretending to be the
owners, the thieves phoned ahead to order the long-range planes fueled and
prepared for flight. They then stole the planes as they sat parked on airport
amps.

The $ 1 million-plus planes likely were flown to Colombia to transport cocaine
to staging points in southern Mexico and Haiti for eventual delivery by truck,
boat or aircraft to the United States, says Bob Collins, president of the
Aviation Crime Prevention Institute, a non-profit group in Frederick, Md.

Tom McDermott, agent in charge of the Tucson, Ariz., office of the U.S. Customs
Service, confirmed that it was likely the six planes were stolen to ferry drugs.

Only one of the corporate aircraft, a Beechcraft King Air based in Fort
Lauderdale, Fla., has been recovered. It was traced to southern Mexico.

Each of the six planes is designed to fly long distances at high altitudes, Mr.
Collins said.

Four planes were stolen in Florida, one in South Carolina and one from the
Executive Terminal at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix. The Phoenix
plane, valued at $ 1.7 million, was taken in February.

Mr. Collins said that in each case, the thieves telephoned a fixed-base
operator, which is a firm providing general aviation services, with an order to
fuel and prepare a specific plane for flight, saying the crew would arrive later
to pick it up.

They often arrived after the fixed-base operator closed and then took off with
the plane, he said.

Mr. Collins has sent advisories to many fixed-based operators urging them to be
aware of the theft ploy and such possible tip-offs as large cash payments for
fuel.

Mr. Collins said his information is based on field intelligence from undisclosed
sources.

His scenario mirrors the method that thieves used to steal a 1982 Gulfstream
Turbo Commander from the Phoenix airport in February.

The nine-passenger plane, owned by Calcot Ltd. of Bakersfield, Calif., was
stolen by two men in business suits who paid $ 250 in cash for fuel and then
flew off.

An hour earlier, a man posing as the Calcot pilot had phoned the terminal to
order fuel, saying he would pay for it in cash.

The pair who picked up the plane were described by airport officials as familiar
with the plane and knew its tail number.

The thieves are not thought to be part of a drug cartel but simply are supplying
one with planes, Mr. Collins said.

He said they scout airports - mostly in the southeastern United States - for
aircraft like the Calcot plane.

The plane, with a top speed of about 330 mph, had been flown into Phoenix two or
three times a week by Calcot, which markets cotton.

Phoenix airport officials said they have tightened security.

Officials of the three fixed-base operators at Sky Harbor airport - Cutter
Aviation, Jimsair Aviation Services and Sawyer Aviation - said they are keeping
a close watch on who is allowed on the airport ramp and near the planes.

A fixed-base operator in Florida is being sued by the owner of one of the stolen
planes. The plane was not insured against theft.

Mr. Collins also is advising turboprop owners to take extra precautions.

Mr. McDermott said the theft at Phoenix remains unsolved. Mr. McDermott and Mr.
Collins said the chances of recovering the plane are slim unless it is flown
back into the United States, where it might be spotted.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 7, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Violent Crime Declines

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Page 5; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 785 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


Violent crime dropped 4 percent in New Jersey in the first six months of 1997,
preliminary figures from the State Police show.

Overall crime for the first six months of 1997, which includes crime against
property, was down 3 percent from the same period in 1996, according to
statistics released last week.

If crime does indeed decline for all of 1997, it would be the second consecutive
year that violence and property crime dropped significantly, holding to a
decadelong trend of decline even as the population creeps up. Final figures for
the year won't be released until next summer.

Murder was down incrementally, from 159 cases in the first six months of 1996 to
158 in the first six months of 1997. Both robbery and reported cases of rape, a
category that includes attempted rape, declined about nine percent. The number
of rape cases was 916, down from 1,009. There were 8,284 cases of robbery, down
from 9,130.

James O'Brien, director of the Victims of Crime Compensation Board, whose
daughter was killed in Morris County in 1982, said declining violence was
something people had not dared hope for 15 years ago. "I dream that my
organization will go out of business," he said.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation requires the tracking of seven index crimes:
murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary, theft and auto theft. The
data are collected by the State Police from reports generated by all local and
county police departments.

The State Police report issued on Wednesday showed 159,368 incidents of those
crimes in January through June. Of those, 19,962 were in the violent categories
of murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault.

Of the index crimes, the preliminary trends for 1997 showed an increase in only
one category, burglary, and that was small, up 1 percent to 30,114 cases in the
first six months of the year.

The most substantial drop was in auto theft, down 10 percent to 20,408. Newark
has been notorious for auto theft problems, but information released by the
F.B.I. last month showed a drop from 4,137 cases there in the first half of last
year to 2,974 for the first six months of 1997.

The report showed declines in 13 of the state's 21 counties. It did not include
breakdowns for individual municipalities, but figures released recently by the
F.B.I. for cities of more than 100,000 residents showed serious crime down 13
percent in Newark and Paterson, with Newark's murder rate dropping almost by
half. Jersey City had a drop of 4 percent, while Elizabeth recorded a 10 percent
increase, with burglaries and car theft up significantly.

Governor Whitman said the decline could be attributed in part to more
coordinated efforts to deal with the roots of crime. She also took credit for
state policies that have toughened prison sentences and parole rules, and she
proposed sweeping controls for sex offenders.

Following is a list of preliminary crime figures for each of New Jersey's 21
counties. The percentage of change refers to the difference in total crimes from
the same period in 1996.

ATLANTIC 861 violent crimes out of a total of 9,245 crimes; a 1 percent
increase.

BERGEN 696 violent crimes out of a total of 10,510; a 4 percent decline.

BURLINGTON 558 violent crimes out of a total of 5,671; a 6 percent decline.

CAMDEN 1,923 violent crimes out of a total of 13,031; a 6 percent decline.

CAPE MAY 185 violent crimes out of a total of 2,209; a 7 percent decline.

CUMBERLAND 540 violent crimes out of a total of 3,605; a 6 percent decline.

ESSEX 5,883 violent crimes out of a total of 29,690; a 6 percent decline.

GLOUCESTER 321 violent crimes out of a total of 4,775; a 3 percent decline.

HUDSON 2,592 violent crimes out of a total of 15,118; a 5 percent decline.

HUNTERDON 48 violent crimes out of a total of 685; a 6 percent decline.

MERCER 840 violent crimes out of a total of 6,698; no change.

MIDDLESEX 1,045 violent crimes out of a total of 11,441; a 6 percent increase.

MONMOUTH 741 violent crimes out of a total of 8,641; a 5 percent increase.

MORRIS 255 violent crimes out of a total of 4,200; no change.

OCEAN 527 violent crimes out of a total of 6,691; an 8 percent decline.

PASSAIC 1,319 violent crimes out of a total of 9,436; a 6 percent decline.

SALEM 138 violent crimes out of a total of 1,035; a 1 percent increase.

SOMERSET 167 violent crimes out of a total of 3,227; a 1 percent increase.

SUSSEX 72 violent crimes out of a total of 961; a 7 percent decline.

UNION 1,199 violent crimes out of a total of 11,646; a 5 percent decrease.

WARREN 52 violent crimes out of a total of 853; a 12 percent decline.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 26, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Tough Laws Get Credit for Drop In New Jersey Violent Crime Rate

BYLINE: By MELODY PETERSEN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 23; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Second Front

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, July 25


Overall violent crime continued to fall across New Jersey last year, although it
rose significantly in two rural counties where farm fields are quickly becoming
housing developments, state officials reported today.

Violent crimes in New Jersey dropped 11 percent in 1996, according to the
statistics released by the State Department of Law and Public Safety. That was
better than the 7 percent drop in violent crimes reported nationwide in 1996.
The state's overall crime rate dropped 7 percent.

The drop in crime in the state's biggest cities was particularly steep, although
more than 60 percent of all reported crimes -- and 80 percent of all violent
crimes -- were committed in urban areas. In Camden, the number of murders
dropped more than 50 percent. In Newark, the number of violent crimes fell 16
percent, and murders fell about 10 percent.

Rural areas, by contrast, reported a 2 percent increase in violent crimes, which
were defined as murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault. In Warren County,
violent crime shot up 21 percent over the year before. In Hunterdon County, it
rose 14 percent. Both counties, which sit along the Delaware River in central
New Jersey, are rapidly developing as people continue to move into the state's
last open spaces.

In response, the Hunterdon County Prosecutor, Stephen B. Rubin, said, "It
follows: more people mean more of everything, including crime."

But both Mr. Rubin and the Warren County Prosecutor, John J. O'Reilly, noted
that their counties' overall crime rates were among the lowest in the state, and
far below the state average.

Gov. Christine Todd Whitman, at a news conference today, hailed the state's
overall drop in crime.

"We've got crime on the run," Mrs. Whitman said, with a row of blue-uniformed
state police officers standing behind her. The Governor, who has made her
success in battling crime a major issue in her re-election campaign this year,
attributed the decline to new laws that keep criminals behind bars longer and to
new high-technology crime-fighting techniques, which she said had "sent a clear
message" to potential criminals.

"We are going to find you," the Governor said, looking into the television
cameras. "The chances are, 9 times out of 10, we are going to get you. And when
we get you, you are going to serve some serious time."

With all members of the New Jersey Legislature up for re-election in November,
dozens of bills that toughen criminal penalties have been introduced. Many of
those bills have been passed, almost unanimously, with little discussion of how
much it will cost to lock up more people for longer periods of time.

The state prisons already house 150 percent more prisoners than they were
designed to hold, and 100 more men and women are sent to prison each month than
are released.

In May, the state opened a 3,200-bed prison in Cumberland County, in southern
New Jersey, which will cost $65 million to operate this year, but it will only
slightly relieve the state's overcrowded prisons.

But the focus of state officials today was on the crime statistics.

The report found that arrests of juveniles fell 4 percent across the state, a
decline that law-enforcement officials attributed to a reduction in crime
committed by youths. But the number of girls arrested rose slightly, to 19,841
arrests in 1996, compared with 19,678 in 1995.

The report also showed that the murder rate in Bergen County, a densely
populated suburban county in northern New Jersey, rose 20 percent. But the
numbers involved were small -- an increase to 12 murders in 1996 from 10 in
1995. The overall rate of violent crimes in Bergen County fell 5 percent,
largely due to a decline in aggravated assaults.

Of all violent crimes in the state, the report found, murders dropped by the
largest degree. There were 337 murders in 1996, a decrease of 17 percent.

The report also included a bit of good news for the thousands of residents
frustrated by their automobile insurance premiums, which are among the nation's
highest. The number of car thefts, often cited by insurance companies as one of
the reasons for the high premiums, dropped 7 percent.

While the number of rapes reported nationwide fell 3 percent, the number of
rapes reported in New Jersey rose 2 percent over the previous year. State
officials attributed the increase to more victims reporting the sexual assaults.


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "BY THE NUMBERS: Crime Drops in New Jersey"
Officials announced yesterday that the overall crime rate in New Jersey dropped
7 percent. Violent crime, which includes murder, rape, robbery and assault
dropped 11 percent while nonviolent crime dropped 7 percent. Graphs show crime
statistics in New Jersey for 1995 an 1996. (Source: New Jersey Department of Law
& Public Safety)(pg. 26)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 10, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

In Wave of Anticrime Fervor, States Rush to Adopt Laws

BYLINE: By LARRY ROHTER,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1515 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE, Fla.


The Florida Legislature has voted to increase the size of the state's prison
system by nearly one third and to try juvenile criminals, regardless of their
age, as adults when they commit three felonies. Texas has approved "no bail"
provisions for sex offenders and other violent criminals, and proposals known as
"three strikes and you're out" and "truth in sentencing" are finding support in
state legislatures from coast to coast.

While much of the nation's attention has been focused on the Federal anticrime
package to be negotiated by the House and the Senate, state legislatures have
been moving even more quickly and aggressively to address the issue. Responding
to what they describe as a state of alarm among their constitutents, lawmakers
are writing tough new bills and supporting ballot initiatives intended to punish
criminals more severely while they are in prison and make it more difficult for
them to get out.

The single most popular legislation is the "three strikes and you're out" policy
of life in prison without parole for criminals convicted of a third serious
felony. Variants of this idea have been introduced in more than 30 states since
voters in Washington State approved such a law last November and legislators in
California and New Mexico did the same this year.

But legislatures are also moving toward treating both juvenile and adult
offenders more harshly, as well as weighing stricter controls on guns and
imposing "truth in sentencing" rules that would preclude early release for
prisoners.

"It's almost impossible to keep up with what's passing in the 50 states, much
less what is pending," said Donna Hunzeker, a criminal justice analyst at the
National Council of State Legislatures, a nonpartisan research group with
headquarters in Denver. On gun control alone, the organization calculates, more
than 2,000 bills have been introduced this year, an increase of more than 100
percent over last year's record figure.

The rush by states to enact tough new anticrime legislation is exemplified by
Florida, which has the nation's highest crime rate. Galvanized by the widely
publicized killings of 10 foreign tourists in less than a year, the Florida
Legislature convened last fall for a special session on crime, during which it
made it illegal for juveniles to possess handguns. Almost simultaneously,
legislators in Colorado, responding to a spate of drive-by shootings, took the
same step in a special session of their own.

The crime issue also dominated the Florida Legislature's regular session, which
ended April 15. Though lawmakers here balked at a "three strikes" proposal
endorsed by Gov. Lawton Chiles, a Democrat seeking re-election, saying it would
be too costly, and though they defeated a proposal for the "chemical castration"
of rapists, they did approve measures that would hold parents legally
accountable for crimes committed by their children, and they authorized
localities to impose curfews on teen-agers.

Some of the burst of activity around the country has come as elections draw
near; talking tough on crime clearly has political appeal. But public sentiment
has been deeply stirred by a succession of brutal incidents like the tourist
killings in Florida, the kidnapping and murder of 12-year-old Polly Klaas in
California, the slaying of Michael Jordan's father in North Carolina, a
carjacking death in suburban Washington, and the shooting rampage on the Long
Island Rail Road.

'Politically Irresistible'

"People are just fed up," said Bret Kinsella, a staff member for the North
Carolina Senate President Pro Tem, Marc Basnight. The Legislature there earlier
this month concluded a seven-week special session, the first extended extra
session in state history, to grapple with the problem. "There was crime before,
but you don't see the types of crime we have now," Mr. Kinsella said. "It's
sociopathic, and that's the difference."

The aggressiveness of the states on the issue also reflects the reality of where
and how crimes are committed and prosecuted. About 95 percent of all criminal
cases are handled at the state or local level, a figure not expected to change
much even with the expansion of Federal jurisdictions under the anticrime
package in Congress.

But the punitive tone of much of the state legislation already approved or
pending worries many experts. They say that building more prisons and imposing
longer sentences is a strategy that has already failed to halt crime. They call
for more support of alternatives to incarceration, especially for young,
first-time offenders.

Getting tough "is a politically irresistible response to crime," said Beth
Carter, national coordinator of the Campaign for an Effective Crime Policy, a
coalition of state law-enforcement and elected officials that seeks more crime
prevention efforts. Legislatures around the country appear to be acting on the
principle that "if the response to crime is not lock 'em up, people will think
you're doing nothing about crime," she added.

A Call for Discretion

Research shows, however, that "acting on the crime after the crime has taken
place will only help so far," Ms. Carter said.

"It is necessary, but not sufficient," and must be accompanied by efforts to
keep young offenders out of prisons that have become "schools for crime," she
said.

A few states have, in fact, taken a more balanced approach. Minnesota has
approved legislation that will impose stiffer penalties for a variety of crimes,
but the state is also alloting more money for crime prevention programs.
Lawmakers there have rejected an automatic "three strkes and you're out" policy
in favor of discretion in sentencing.

"Why would you want to put a third-time barroom brawler in prison and run the
risk of letting out a first-time rapist?" asked Marcia Greenfield,
administrative assistant for the Crime Prevention Committee of the Minnesota
State Senate. "We want to have the flexibility to toughen penalties as we see
fit, depending on the record of the offender."

By and large, though, states have chosen punishment over prevention, even when
juveniles are involved. During its special session, North Carolina approved a
measure that allows youths as young as 13 to be tried as adults, and makes an
adult trial mandatory if a 13-year-old is charged with first-degree murder.

Three Strikes or One?

Other states have had to contend with measures so Draconian as to be whimsical.
"One legislator wants three strikes and you're dead," said Thomas R.
Caltagirone, the Democratic chairman of the Judiciary Committee of the
Pennsylvania House of Representatives. "It's Fantasyland up here. I'm trying to
get cooler heads to prevail. Whether I'll succeed or not, I don't know."

Inevitably, some states are now arguing that the "three strikes" policy is too
generous. Georgia recently approved legislation that would provide for
life-without-parole sentences to offenders who have been convicted twice of
violent crimes like murder, armed robbery, kidnapping, rape or other sex crimes.

"If you want three strikes in Georgia, you'd better join a baseball team," Gov.
Zell Miller, a Democrat seeking re-election, said last month when he signed a
bill putting a proposed constitutional amendment to that effect on the November
ballot. In addition, California is considering "one strike" legislation that
would apply to rapists and child molesters.

As the Georgia constitutional amendment effort makes clear, though, both voters
and politicians increasingly see ballot initiatives as an alternative to a
legislative process that is slow and full of compromises. Florida appears likely
to vote on a "truth in sentencing" amendment that would require criminals to
serve 85 percent of their sentences before becoming eligible for parole, while
"victims' rights" proposals will be on the ballots in six states from Alaska to
Maryland.

'The Grand Slam'

In Washington, the two men who led the drive for last year's "three strikes"
initiative are sponsoring a new ballot measure they call "hard time for armed
crime." Their plan would increase sentences for crimes committed with guns, make
the theft of a firearm a more serious crime than the theft of other property,
and require stiffer sentences in cases of drive-by shootings.

Neighboring Oregon, alarmed that "three strikes" laws in Washington and
California may send criminals its way, is now witnessing a drive to get a
package called "the grand slam" on the ballot. Those proposals would require all
able-bodied state prisoners to work or study, prohibit the reduction of criminal
sentences without a two-thirds vote by the Legislature, make it more difficult
to sentence criminals to probation or community service, and impose mandatory
minimum sentences for all offenders older than 15 who are convicted of violent
felonies.

"I have been frustrated by the lack of political will to take some tough steps
on crime," said Kevin Mannix, a Democratic state representative who is
sponsoring the initiatives. "I think the people are way ahead of the
politicians."

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "The Nation's Changing Concerns" shows responses to The New York
Times/CBS New Poll regarding issues on economic issues, health care and crime,
violence and guns. (pg. A19)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 15, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Bush, in Pittsburgh, Shows Signs of Running in '92

BYLINE: By MAUREEN DOWD,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 653 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, Aug. 14


It was supposed to be the kickoff for Attorney General Dick Thornburgh's
campaign for the Senate. But it sounded more like the kickoff for George Bush's
re-election campaign.

The President took a brief political detour from his four-week vacation in
Kennebunkport, Me., this morning to fly to Pittsburgh, with Mr. Thornburgh in
tow, to speak to the National Fraternal Order of Police convention. As Mr. Bush
liked to say in the 1988 Presidential campaign, quoting the New York Yankees
catcher Yogi Berra, it was "deja vu all over again."

Mr. Bush railed against "chaos and lawlessness" in the land, promising to curb
prison furlough abuse, to punish drug kingpins, to fight the twin scourges of
crime and drugs and to impose the death penalty for the killing of a police
officer.

At the end, the police rewarded his tough talk on crime by waving flags and
chanting, "Four more years!"

A Sign of Things to Come

Just before he left on vacation, the President gathered his top political
advisers at Camp David to set up a mechanism for his 1992 campaign.

He has said he will run if his health permits and, gauging by last week's
whirlwind sporting activities in Maine, he believes his health will permit. In
another signal of things to come, Mr. Bush even worked a crowd of spectators
when he landed in Pittsburgh this morning.

The President, who has been criticized by the Democrats for ignoring domestic
problems while he flies about the world visiting other leaders and trying to
solve international problems, asserted that his Administration was as opposed to
lawlessness at home as in the Middle East.

The Administration has proposed an anti-crime package twice to Congress, but
while Congress has passed other crime bills, Mr. Bush's version has not been
approved.

Crime Agenda Called 'Symbolic'

In Washington, Representative Charles E. Schumer, the Brooklyn Democrat who
heads the House Crime and Criminal Justice Subcommittee, said he was "encouraged
that the President now recognizes the importance of Federal leadership in crime
prevention." But he added: "It is clear, however, that much of the President's
agenda on crime continues to be symbolic. He has left it to others to fill in
the blanks."

During today's appearance, President Bush spoke favorably of Mr. Thornburgh, a
Pittsburgh native and former two-term Governor of Pennsylvania who has announced
that he will run for the Senate seat left open by the death of Senator John
Heinz in an airplane crash in April.

Mr. Bush told a receptive audience of more than 3,000 police officers that the
Attorney General, whose last day on the job is Thursday, had "taken his job as
America's chief law-enforcement officer very seriously," and added,
"Relentlessly, tenaciously, he's pursued those who prey on our society."

Focus on Thornburgh Tenure

Pennsylvania Democrats plan to make the Attorney General's volatile tenure in
Washington a focus of the Senate campaign. President Ronald Reagan selected Mr.
Thornburgh in 1988 to replace the embattled Edwin Meese 3d, but the Attorney
General has fought his own battles as the Administration's unyielding point man
on civil rights and criminal justice.

Critics have accused the Justice Department, under Mr. Thornburgh's stewardship,
of failing to pursue more aggressively the scandal involving the Bank of Credit
and Commerce International, a loosely regulated banking concern that was seized
last month after auditors reported that it was linked to bribery, money
laundering and fraud.

The department has also been accused of blocking compromises on civil rights
legislation and of siding with anti-abortion demonstrators in Wichita, Kan.

There is a special election on Nov. 5, and Mr. Thornburgh is favored to beat
Harris Wofford, the former Pennsylvania Labor Secretary appointed by Gov. Robert
P. Casey to fill Senator Heinz's seat. The term expires in 1993.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 20, 1991, Tuesday

CORRECTION:

An article on Thursday about Attorney General Dick Thornburgh's last day in
office, and an article on Aug. 10 about his resignation to run for the Senate
from Pennsylvania, misstated the length of the term being served by Harris
Wofford, the appointee who succeeded the late John Heinz. The term expires in
1995, not 1993.


GRAPHIC: Photo: Taking time off from his four-week vacation, President Bush
addressed the National Fraternal Order of Police convention yesterday, helping
kick off Attorney General Dick Thornburgh's campaign for the Senate. Mr.
Thornburgh, left, watched as the President jokingly banged a gavel. (Reuters)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday

Oroville's No. 2 crime rating debunked

BYLINE: By MARY WESTON-Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 825 words


OROVILLE   An Internet newspaper compilation of Federal Bureau of Investigation
crime data for 2010 found Oroville with the second highest violent crime rate
per capita in California.

But the Oroville police chief says it's a reporting problem, not a crime
problem.

The FBI compiles crime data for cities every year based on reports from law
enforcement agencies.

San Francisco Business Times compiled a summary of the FBI data for violent
crimes in its Sept. 20 Internet edition, and wrote an article dubbing Oroville
as the second most dangerous city in the state.

Statewide, the article claimed the most violent cities were Oakland, followed by
Oroville, Desert Hot Springs, Compton and Stockton.

There are a number of oddities in the rankings. Nevada City is eighth worst, and
Red Bluff (15th) and Grass Valley (19th) rank worse than Sacramento at 22nd. Los
Angeles is 88th. San Jose, 201st.

Paradise at 161st is ranked more dangerous than Chico at 235th. Marysville is
45th while Yuba City, just across the Feather River, is much safer at 195th.

Oroville Police Chief Bill LaGrone said comparing Oroville's reported crimes
with crimes other cities report gives an inaccurate picture because there are
too many variables involved.

For example, would you feel safer walking in Stockton than in Oroville, he
asked.

"It's an unfair comparison," LaGrone said at the Oroville Mercury-Register
office on Tuesday.

The FBI collects data on violent crimes for cities from reports submitted by
police departments on what crimes they responded to in a particular year.

LaGrone said all law enforcement agencies do not respond to the same types of
crimes. Larger or under-staffed agencies sometimes have to decide not to respond
to certain crimes, so a report is not generated. Oroville police respond to many
smaller assaults a big city department would not respond to, he said.

The FBI acknowledges that in a 2009 report "Variables Affecting Crime," and
warns the news media against using the data for articles comparing cities' crime
rates.

"One city may report more crime than a comparable one, not because there is more
crime, but rather because its law enforcement agency, through proactive efforts,
identifies more offenses," the FBI report states.

The Oroville Police Department's average response to crimes of violence in
progress averages three minutes, he said, which is well below the national
average.

A crime of violence can be anything involving physical contact.

In addition, before the Police Department installed a new Computer Assisted
Dispatch and Record Management System on Sept. 19, all criminal violence
whether it resulted in a black eye or a major injury   was reported as an
aggravated assault.

The old reporting system generated the crime data used for the 2010 FBI report.
Oroville suffered 181 aggravated assaults, 26 robberies, 10 forcible rapes and
one murder, which added to a total of 218 violent crimes.

These reported crimes calculated against a population of 14,718 (rather than the
actual population of 15,546) pushed Oroville's violent crimes to 14.8 per 1,000
residents, which was the second highest per capita rate in the state.

The FBI itself cautions against using the data for articles like the San
Francisco Business Times.

This cautionary note was included in a 2010 press release at
www2.fbi.gov/pressrel/ pressrel.htm:

"Each year when 'Crime in the United States' is published, some entities use the
figures to compile rankings of cities and counties. These rough rankings provide
no insight into the numerous variables that mold crime in a particular town,
city, county, state, tribal area, or region. Consequently, they lead to
simplistic and/or incomplete analyses that often create misleading perceptions
adversely affecting communities and their residents. Valid assessments are
possible only with careful study and analysis of the range of unique conditions
affecting each local law enforcement jurisdiction."

In the Sept. 28 edition of Huff Post San Francisco, the Internet newspaper went
so far as to speculate about Oroville: "Much of the crime in Oroville can be
attributed to the drug trade in an area notorious for crystal meth," the Huff
Post claimed. "The city is also home to significant gang activity inside its
sizable Hmong population."

LaGrone called this irresponsible journalism because it repeats stereotypes
about Oroville that are simply not true. He said the department's new crime
reporting system will allow crimes to be reported as either simple or aggravated
assaults, which will result in a lower crime ranking next year.

The police chief hopes the community realizes that each police officer works
diligently to pursue criminals, and he urges the community to support its police
officers.

LaGrone said the report was disheartening, but it will not change the
department's response policy.

"The Oroville Police Department has and will continue to respond to all types of
calls for service," LaGrone said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Four cities report more murders in 2010;
Multiple victims in shootings, domestic killings part of spike

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 491 words


Crime is dropping throughout much of the country, but statistics show that one
category of violence is bucking the trend: murder.

Some of the nation's largest cities -- New York, Chicago, Los Angeles and
Philadelphia -- are reporting slight increases in murders so far this year,
according department records. That's due in part to shootings involving multiple
victims and unexpected spikes in domestic killings, criminal justice analysts
say.

"What I've seen in several places is a period of volatility that we haven't seen
for a while," says Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Research
Forum, a law enforcement think tank that tracks violent crime.

Although crime has been driven to record lows in some areas of the nation, Rob
Davis, president of the Major Cities Chiefs Association, says there is no
evidence that it has "bottomed-out."

"We will always see spikes," Davis says. "I think it is hard to draw long-term
conclusions."

Among the cities where murder is up through the first four months:

*New York. The city has recorded 149 murders, up from 134 at the same time last
year. Included in this year's running total are 13 domestic killings involving
victims 9 years old or younger, police spokesman Paul Browne says.

Browne suggests that the city, which for years has seen steep drops in crime,
may be a victim of its own success. The first four months of last year marked
the lowest first-quarter murder numbers ever recorded, Browne says.

*Chicago. A spasm of violence last month, in which five family members were
slain in a domestic shooting, helped push first-quarter murders to 120, up from
111 at the same time last year.

In all, 11% of the 2010 murders are domestic killings, Police Superintendent
Jody Weis says, adding that other major violent crimes (robbery, sexual assault
and aggravated assault) were down by 13%. "We cannot ignore the destructive
nature of guns and how their presence can escalate a volatile situation into a
tragic one."

*Los Angeles. Although overall violent crime is down 13% so far this year,
murder is slightly higher, up from 100 last year to 103 this year.

It is the only major crime not in decline, according to police crime statistics.

One dramatic violent incident, Police Commander David Doan says, represents the
difference in the higher murder number. Last month, a gunman opened fire in a
San Fernando Valley restaurant on a Saturday afternoon, killing four people.

"We pay very close attention to the trend lines," Doan says. "We believe we're
(moving) in the right direction. The challenge will be in the warmer months"
when crime tends to increase.

*Philadelphia. The slaying of a 68-year-old handyman earlier this week is one of
the reasons why murder is up slightly, from 101 last year to 104 so far this
year, Police Lt. Frank Vanore says.

Overall violent crime is down 8% in Philadelphia -- but Vanore says there are
still "absurd" cases of violence. "There is no rhyme or reason," he says.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Alejandro Gonzales, USAT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           February 17, 2007 Saturday

Oakland crime surge puzzles experts

BYLINE: By Betsy Mason and Cassandra Braun, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 850 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A baffling drop in crime rates nationwide in the 1990s has
researchers grasping for answers to explain a recent uptick in violent crime in
some U.S. cities, including Oakland and Richmond.

The usual suspects often linked to falling crime rates -- economic growth,
increased imprisonment rates, access to legal abortions and aggressive police
activity -- seem to match the 40 percent drop in homicides and robberies between
1993 and 2000 in some cities and countries, but not in other places.

This leaves criminologists short on good predictive indicators for crime rates.

In fact, nobody predicted the crime bust. Most forcasts were for a dangerous
crime wave caused by a swelling youth population.

"We have the lousiest set of crystal balls in the social sciences," said UC
Berkeley criminologist Franklin Zimring, who presented his research at the
annual American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in

San Francisco Friday."Our predictive tools by and large stink," he said.Reasons
behind the recent rise in crime in some East Bay cities are just as
elusive.'While most large cities experiencing more violent crime lately are in
the Midwest, Oakland had the largest increase in homicides, which jumped 57
percent last year from 2005.

That's an astonishingly large increase, said Alfred Blumstein, operations
researcher at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University.

He said it is too soon to say whether the rise is the start of a new wave of
violent crime. The fact that the national homicide rate rose by a modest

2.5 percent in 2005 may be a sign the spike in Oakland and other cities is more
of a blip than a trend.

This upsurge is especially surprising at a time when, unlike many Midwestern
cities with rising crime, the Bay Area's economy is stable, imprisonment rates
are flat and the number of young people is low. And crime did not jump in cities
such as San Joseand San Francisco.

Richmond has seen a slow, but steady rise in homicides since 2001, which
officials are equally at a loss to explain.

The city has long been on the short-list of most dangerous cities, but even
Richmond saw crime rates fall in the 1990s, said city crime analyst Perry
Austin.

Homicides peaked at 61 in in 1991, roughly one killing every six days. It
dropped the next year to 46. The city's lowest rates were in 1998 and 2001, with
18 killings a year.

Authorities don't know how to explain the city's crime trough of the late 90s,
but they have a clearer theory on the city's peak of violence before the
decline.

In the mid-to-late 80s, police jailed the city's drug king-pins, leaving a
vacuum for street-level drug dealers to fill. Once the crack epidemic hit,
street dealers had more access to bigger guns, and more at stake to defend turf.

Similar forces are believed to be the main cause of a sharp U.S. rise in crime
in the 1980s. A major effort to jail crack dealers left a void filled by younger
criminals with guns and less self-restraint.

Much of the escalating crime involved young African-American men, guns and
drugs. Between 1985 and 1993, murder rates tripled among 15-year-olds and
doubled for people under 20. At the same time, gun use in homicides grew five
times for people age 18 and under.

Violent U.S. crime began an unprecedented drop in 1993. It was extra dramatic in
New York City, with a 75 percent drop in violent crime from 1991 to 2004.

Politicians and police chiefs alike have tried to take credit for squashing
crime, but other places, such as Canada, which saw a crime drop similar to that
of the U.S., didn't experience any of the forces put forth as reasons for drops
in New York and the rest of the country.

While the U.S. put a million more people behind bars, Canada's numbers fell.

The number of U.S. police hired rose, and Canada's fell. The U.S. economy boomed
while Canada's fluctuated.

The two countries share some demographic trends, but similar trends weren't
accompanied by a reduction in crime in the 1980s.

The picture is cloudy for Richmond too, Austin said.

We can look at broad base things like economics, opportunities and education,
but then you see a lot of people who don't buy into the culture."

Even if there were jobs for young Richmond adults, it would be hard to enter the
work force with a criminal record, much less no resume.

Some of these people have never worked. Some people are almost 30 and list
'Never worked' when they're jailed. I mean, you can't list 'street-level drug
runner.'"

Despite not knowing why crime rates are changing, there is reason for optimism,
Zimring said. Nothing major changed in New York during its crime drop years,
which means it doesn't take wholesale change to make a major impact on crime.

If New York City can do it, so can other cities," he said. "The problem is, we
don't have the detailed recipe."

One way to find some of the ingredients would be to experiment. Richmond would
be ideal for that because it is a rare small city with a life-threatening
environment.

If you wanted to spend $75 million to turn a police department upside down and
evaluate the consequences, you could do it there," Zimring said.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            July 20, 2006, Thursday

Bring back community policing

BYLINE: The Monitor's View

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 537 words


Many US cities are witnessing a rise in violent crime, made more disturbing by
the youths increasingly involved. This crime wave isn't towering like those of
the past, but it should act as a warning that a storm may be approaching.

Residents of Boston, Minneapolis, Milwaukee, and Washington, D.C., for example,
probably feel it's become pretty dangerous in their cities - that kids
especially are out of control, wielding guns, holding people up, and killing as
if it were a part of everyday life. Indeed, violent juvenile crime has spiked in
these and other places. In Boston, juvenile arrests for robbery rose 54 percent
in 2005. Minneapolis has a higher increase in homicides committed by youths than
by adults.

These juvenile troubles are part of the first nationwide increase in violent
crime in five years - up 2.5 percent in 2005, according to the FBI. Still, such
crime - murder, rape, robbery, and aggravated assault - is nowhere near the
level it was 15 years ago.

That's not to sugarcoat the situation, but to show that the country is at a
point where, if it acts now, it can prevent a crime tsunami as teen populations
grow and gangs do, too.

The causes for the increase in juvenile crime vary. In the 1990s, strong
economic growth helped check violent crime. But in Milwaukee, poverty has
increased, and 41 percent of kids live in households with incomes below the
poverty line - making robbery a temptation.

The causes also share some commonalities. A big one is budget cuts. With violent
crime falling in the 1990s, and recession forcing belttightening in the early
2000s, law enforcement was ripe for state and federal budget cuts. America's
police force has fallen by 8 percent in the past four years (Minneapolis lost
almost 25 percent of its force over about five years.) Many cities also saw cuts
in community programs vital in keeping kids off the street.

At the same time, gangs on the East and West coasts pushed into the Midwest. In
Boston, gang members who served time are being released, and using kids to do
their dirty work.

America knows that to solve these problems, policing alone is not enough. Before
budget cuts and the complacency that accompanied low crime rates, cities
emphasized "community policing," with officers working with schools and
churches, for instance, while these and other institutions (and individuals)
also made a greater effort at crime prevention. Communities realized they had to
get to kids early - before they fell in with gangs and got comfortable with
guns.

Today's quick and broad reaction by some cities shows they've learned these
lessons. They're beefing up police presence, yes, but also community policing.
Minneapolis recently reactivated its police department's juvenile crime division
as well as team policing that includes cooperation with probation officers and
US marshals. The city is also extending recreation center hours. Boston,
meanwhile, will spend more on faith-based and community programs, summer youth
activities, and gang prevention.

A full and quick response can check this particular crime spike. But only a
commitment to carry on with community policing in safer times will prevent the
next one.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 9, 2006 Tuesday

National report: Car thieves target California cities

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

LENGTH: 303 words


Six of the top 10 metropolitan areas with the highest vehicle theft rates in
2005 are located in California; however, none are in the Bay Area, according to
a report released today by the National Insurance Crime Bureau.

All of the top 10 metropolitan areas are located in the western U.S., with
Modesto, Calif. topping the dubious list for the third year in a row. Oakland
dropped off the list this year after holding onto a mid-level spot for at least
three years.

The other California metropolitan areas with high auto theft rates include
Stockton (No. 3), Visalia/Porterville (No. 5), Sacramento/Arden-Arcade/Roseville
(No. 7), San Diego/Carlsbad/San Marcos (No. 8) and Fresno (No. 9).

Car thieves have been busy in Stockton, Visalia/Porterville, Sacramento, San
Diego and Fresno for a few years, according to the National Insurance Crime
Bureau, which has listed these metropolitan areas in the top 10 since 2003.

The auto theft rate is determined by the number of auto thefts per 100,000
residents in a `metropolitan statistical area` designated by the Office of
Management and Budget, which recognizes 360 such areas nationwide. The National
Crime Information Center provides vehicle crime data from these areas, which is
then reviewed by the National Insurance Crime Bureau and presented in its annual
report on auto thefts, which is titled `Hot Spots.''

Other such hot spots in 2005 were Las Vegas/Paradise, Nev.,
Phoenix/Mesa/Scottsdale, Ariz., Seattle/Tacoma/Bellevue, Wash., and Yakima,
Wash.

Nationwide, vehicle theft rates continued to drop for the second year in a row,
down 2.1 percent during January to June 2005 when compared to the same period in
2004.

Copyright © 2006 by Bay City News, Inc. -- republication, re-transmission or
reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   June 25, 2004 Friday 2 Late Tampa Edition

ATF, police team up to get "worst of worst'

BYLINE: GRAHAM BRINK

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


A new law enforcement initiative announced Thursday will target some of Tampa's
most violent criminals, especially the ones who illegally use guns.

Local members of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives
have teamed  with Tampa police and other agencies to go after the "worst of the
worst."

The initiative, called the Violent Crime Impact Team, has been unveiled in 15
cities nationwide. The idea, officials said, is to build on Project Safe
Neighborhoods, initiated in 2000.

The Violent Crime Impact Team initiative will be more proactive, aggressively
using new technologies, intelligence resources and traditional enforcement
strategies to identify the worst offenders and get them off the streets,
officials said.

Tampa and the other cities were selected because they either had high crime
rates despite the falling national average, or they had specific areas that
needed help. John Ryan, assistant special agent in charge of the ATF's local
office, said Tampa has the second highest crime rate of similarly sized cities
in the country.

The two main target areas for the initiative in Tampa are Jackson Heights and
Sulphur Springs.

"It starts with the thug on the corner," Tampa police Maj. George McNamara said
at a news conference Thursday. "We are coming to get you."

The officials would not say how many agents and officers would be involved. The
ATF is not getting any new agents in Tampa to help out, and McNamara said the
police will not add more officers to the targeted areas. Ryan said it was more a
"fine tuning" of resources.

The officials said they have already identified many of the worst offenders,
those who repeatedly commit violent crimes. The agencies will also make better
use of comprehensive gun tracing technology to help locate suspects and make
arrests.

Ryan said that new technologies can yield as much information from guns as from
live informants.

State and federal prosecutors will also play a hands-on role in the new
initiative. One of the goals is to determine which system, federal or state,
will yield the longest sentence in each case. Depending on the circumstances,
federal gun cases can come with long mandatory sentences.

"We're looking for the best way to proceed to get that person off the street for
the longest amount of time," McNamara said.

Other cities initiating the program are Miami, Albuquerque, N.M.; Baltimore;
Chattanooga, Tenn.; Richmond, Va.; Greensboro, N.C.; Tulsa, Okla.; Pittsburgh;
Las Vegas; Columbus, Ohio; Philadelphia; Los Angeles; Tucson, Ariz.; and the
Washington, D.C.-Northern Virginia region.

- Graham Brink can be reached at (813) 226-3365 or brink@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE; CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOSEPH GARNETT JR.; ATF assistant special agent in charge John
F. Ryan holds up a Glock 9mm handgun during a press conference.

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                 July 3, 1999, Saturday, Monday, Final Edition

High-Tech Crime Prevention

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A19; FREE FOR ALL

LENGTH: 380 words


Robert Novak says that legislation ending export controls over encryption
systems would interfere with America's winning the drug war [op-ed, June 28].
Thirty-five years in law enforcement convinces me that inhibiting American
companies in developing and marketing secure encryption systems will actually
increase crime.

In 1972, when Richard Nixon declared a war on drugs, the annual federal budget
for the war was around $ 101 million. Next year, it will be $ 17.8 billion.
Despite the doubling of wiretaps, vast increases in the number of people
incarcerated for nonviolent drug crimes and budgetary increases for drug
enforcement that boggle the mind, drug trafficking has flourished.

The nation is afloat in illegal drugs, drug money, drug corruption and drug
trade violence. Drugs are cheaper and more potent, opium production has doubled,
heroin use is increasing, overdose deaths and drug emergency room visits are up,
and adolescent drug use has increased by almost 40 percent.

Yet in the face of such failure, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the FBI
request unprecedented powers to eavesdrop, even though they admit that
terrorists and other criminals already make use of secure encryption.

The genie of technology cannot be put back into the bottle. If American
companies do not develop and market these systems, other nations will.

History shows that treatment is far more effective than law enforcement in
solving drug problems. When I was police chief of San Jose during the 1980s,
crime was increasing nationally. But it declined in San Jose to the point where
it became the safest large city in America. Crime decreased not because police
powers were expanded but because the technology industry in Silicon Valley
provided plentiful jobs, prosperity and incentives for good education.

If Congress denies the technology industry a level playing field, the thriving
American economy that helped lead to seven straight years of decreasing crime
will suffer. And unemployment and crime do more to weaken the world's leading
power than any drug lord or terrorist could.

-- Joseph D. McNamara

The writer, a former police chief of Kansas City, Mo., and San Jose, is a
research fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University.

LOAD-DATE: July 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    March 13, 1996, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

FOCUS ON CRIME IN ATLANTA;
FIGHTING WORDS FOR CITY;
Michael Bowers compared Atlanta to a war zone. Was it just an insult, or did he
make a point that can't be ignored?

BYLINE: Macon Morehouse and Kathy Scruggs; STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL OLYMPICS; Pg. 05C; Pg. 03C

LENGTH: 517 words


It was a speech Attorney General Mike Bowers has made dozens of times.

But on the verge of the Olympics, in a city trying to gussy up its
violence-prone image, his message suddenly hit Atlanta leaders like a cheap shot
below the belt: "I'm willing to bet it's safer to walk the streets of Sarajevo
than the streets of Atlanta."

Sarajevo, once Olympic proud, now humbled by war.

Bowers' words exploded in the national media, triggering a local war of words
over just how dangerous - or safe - Atlanta really is.

"Where does he get off comparing Atlanta to Sarajevo?" asked a clearly irked
Mayor Bill Campbell, pointing to the U.N. figure of 10,000 deaths in the Bosnian
capital since 1992. "His comments are reckless, irresponsible and inaccurate."

Critics claimed Bowers, expected to be a Republican candidate for governor,
simply was posturing for political gain. "Shameless pandering," the mayor said.

But supporters said the comments were just the wake-up call Atlanta needed to
solve its crime woes, even at the price of having the controversy played out in
the media across the country.

"There is a lot of crime in Atlanta, and that is an uncomfortable truth," said
state Rep. Bob Irvin (R-Atlanta). "It's a problem we have to deal with. It does
not help to pretend that it does not exist."

Bowers said all the attention shocked him and that he simply wanted to drive
home his point about violent crime. He made the comment Monday in Atlanta during
a speech to The Council on Crime in America.

"It makes the loudest message by citing Atlanta," said Bowers, who compared the
FBI's violent crime statistics from 1960 and 1994 for Atlanta as well as
Savannah, Augusta, New Haven, Conn., and Milwaukee. "It's the same all over.
That's the tragedy."

The tragedy in Campbell's eyes is the unexpected broadside to Atlanta's efforts
to make the streets safer.

Police now patrol on bicycles and on foot, he said, and mini- precincts have
opened downtown. Campbell said some longtime vacancies in the department are
starting to be filled and the city now has its lowest homicide rate since 1986.

Police Chief Beverly Harvard called it "ridiculous" to compare Atlanta today to
the Atlanta of 1960. "You've got drugs, crack, the breakdown of the family.
You've got all the social issues and ills and problems that didn't exist in 1960
America," she said. "Atlanta is not immune from that. Why not just compare it to
1800 Atlanta and see what the difference is?"

ACOG officials declined to get into the middle of the sniping. But they said
privately the flap could lend credence internationally to the impression that
Atlanta is dangerous turf for an Olympics.

But visitors should not worry about what they may read, said Bill Rathburn,
ACOG's managing director of security.

"Historically, crime goes down in the host city during the Games, and we fully
expect that to happen here," Rathburn said Tuesday. "We will have tens of
thousands of people who will be part of the security force, and we will be
spending millions of dollars to make sure the city is safe."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: A look at the debate that has ballooned over crime statistics
for
 Atlanta
 BOWERS POSITION: "I'm willing to bet it's safer to walk the streets of
 Sarajevo than the streets of Atlanta."
 > HIS INTERPRETATION: Since 1960, the city's population dropped by more
 than 75,000, but violent crime skyrocketed: Homicides nearly tripled,
 rapes increased tenfold and there were 17 times as many robberies.
 CAMPBELL'S POSITION: "This is a political season and oftentimes
 politicians make reckless, irresponsible, silly comments like this one."
 > HIS INTERPRETATION: Since 1990, violent crimes have decreased in
 Atlanta: Homicides dropped 20 percent, rapes are down 37 percent and
 robberies decreased 14 percent. The homicide rate is the lowest since
 1986. Line graphs: The reality behind the numbers
 The number of homicides and other violent crimes in Atlanta has fallen
 from the peaks the city reached in the late 1980s, but the city still
 regularly ranks among the nation's most violent cities.
 Line graph #1 tracks number of rapes from 1985 through 1995
 Line graph #1 tracks number of homicides from 1985 through 1995
 Line graph #1 tracks number of assaults* from 1985 through 1995
 Line graph #1 tracks number of robberies from 1985 through 1995
 * Aggravated assaults. Georgia code defines aggravated assault as an
 attack with the intent to murder, rape or rob; and attack with a deadly
 weapon or an attack with a weapon that can cause serious bodily injury.
 Source: FBI Uniform Crime Statistics Reports
 Chart: Violent crimes per 10,000
 ..................1960.....1970.....1980.....1990.....1994
 ATLANTA............9.8.....78.2....260.5....408.5....370.8
 UNITED STATES.....16.1.....36.4.....55.5.....71.3.....71.5
 Shaded map and bar graphs: VIOLENT CRIME BY POLICE ZONE
 Violent crime levels vary across the city. Of the six police zones, the
 largest percentage crime drop was reported in the central business
 district, Zone 5, where most of the Olympic venues will be. Police there
 are augmented by more than 1,300 private security officers. The highest
 violent crime rates are in the city's southern and western neighborhoods.
 Map shows the boundaries of Police Zones 1-6
 ZONE ONE
 1995 crime totals: 3,475
 1990 totals: 4,082
 ZONE TWO
 1995 crime totals: 814
 1990 totals: 799
 ZONE THREE
 1995 crime totals: 3,524
 1990 totals: 3,827
 ZONE FOUR
 1995 crime totals: 2,864
 1990 totals: 2,405
 ZONE FIVE
 1995 crime totals: 2,566
 1990 totals: 3,067
 ZONE SIX
 1995 crime totals: 2,094
 1990 totals: 1,917
 Graphics by John Caserta / staff
 Photo: mug of Michael Bowers
 Photo: mug of Bill Campbell

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 20, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Typical inmate: Abused, abuser, repeater // Survey shows prisons aren't curbing
crime

BYLINE: Mimi Hall; Tom Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 1026 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


A sweeping survey of state prison inmates reveals a troubling snapshot of
drug-abusing repeat offenders who had troubled childhoods and little formal
education.

A Bureau of Justice Statistics report released Wednesday is based on the most
comprehensive survey ever to find out who is in state prisons.

Many inmates come from abusive families, and most were in trouble before, it
finds.

One of the most disturbing statistics, experts say, is that 94% of state prison
inmates previously were convicted of a violent crime, served time or were
sentenced to probation.

In the public policy debate over rehabilitation vs. prolonged incarceration, the
survey raises unsettling questions.

Both sides agree the survey shows the prison system isn't helping curb crime.

To some police officers, the repeat-offender rate proves that sentences are too
short, parole is too early and messages to inmates too weakly stress that crime
doesn't pay.

"There's a lack of punishment," says Dewey Stokes of the Fraternal Order of
Police. "We have got to be tougher."

But to rehabilitation advocates - who say more criminals should be in
rehabilitation, not prison - the study shows incarceration simply doesn't work
for many inmates.

They say the study - which finds a high percentage of inmates were raised in
single-parent homes, saw their parents abuse drugs and were sexually or
physically abused - shows society needs to address the root cause of crime, such
as drug abuse.

"Many people choose criminal careers because of lack of other opportunities,"
says Vanderbilt University economist Mark Cohen.

Says American University criminologist Ronald Weiner: "Most of these young adult
offenders come from . . . dysfunctional families. These are kids that literally
grow up on the street with nobody supervising them, nobody really giving a
damn."

So they turn to crime and gangs - 6% belonged to a gang before going to prison -
for attention and control, he says.

Samuel Realo, 44, who has served seven years in a Georgia prison on a 15-year
sentence for manslaughter, says he has never had any "self-esteem or
self-respect."

Realo, a high school drop-out, says he lacked attention from his mother and
"what you don't find at home, you try to find wherever you can," he says. "I was
trying to make myself noticeable by committing crimes and being the big shot."

A cocaine addict with a prior conviction for selling pornography, Realo shot and
killed a drug dealer.

Vanderbilt's Cohen backs stiffer sentences for violent crimes. But for many
prisoners, he says "the sentences are way out of line with the offense." Jobs
and education are more important than incarceration, he says.

The study shows that while the percentage of inmates who committed violent
crimes is down, drug-related sentences have skyrocketed in the past five years,
from 8.6% to 21.3%. One in six prisoners had a gun at the time of his or her
crime.

Like many inmates, Richard Jester, 24, says alcohol - and the fact that he'd
spent so much time on the streets - played a role in his crime. He has served
four years of a 12-year sentence for stabbing a man he said owed him money.

He says he had two or three beers before he grabbed a knife and tried to make
his boss settle up.

"I was young and around a while and violent," he says. "And it was an
environment in which you held your own when somebody messed with you. You fought
it out."

Advocates of tougher prison sentences, like Stokes, support drug and alcohol
programs, but say they should be provided in prisons.

Stokes disagrees with the notion that treating minor offenders out of prison
saves taxpayers' money. Many inmates who are released commit more crimes, he
says, thus driving up costs like insurance, medical bills and lost property.

With those costs in mind, Stokes says "the cost of incarceration . . . doesn't
carry such a shocking price tag. If it means your insurance could be reduced and
violent crime would drop, then it starts to make sense."

Who's in the USA's state prisons A national survey of 13,986 state prison
inmates conducted in 1991 and released Wednesday provides the first
comprehensive look at the USA's fast-growing prison population since the survey
was last done in 1986. Who's behind bars(1):

Most inmates are men . . .
Men    665,719
Women   38,462

. . . and 25-34 years old. 24/younger 22%
25-34       46%
35-44       23%
45+         9%

Most didn't graduate from high school. Schooling completed
8th grade/less    19%

Some high school 46% High school grad 22% Some college/more 12%

. . . and earned under $ 10,000. Income for year before prison:
$ 9,999/less         52%
$ 10,000-$ 24,999     33%
$ 25,000/more        15%

Nearly half were under influence during crime Percentage using alcohol or drugs
while committing crime
Alcohol       18%
Drugs         17%
Both          14%

Most inmates are minorities
Black     46%
White     35%

Hispanic 17%
Other      2%

. . . and are single
Never married   55%
Divorced        19%
Married         18%
Separated        6%
Widowed          2%

Most had jobs before imprisonment Employment status when committing crime
Full-time job        55%
Part-time job        12%
Looking for job      16%

Not looking for job 17%

Half came from broken homes Who inmates lived with the most as a child:
Both parents    43%
Mother only     39%
Father only      4%

Other relative 11%
Foster home      3%

Leading female crime: Drug offenses Reasons for incarceration compared to men.
Crime             Women       Men
Violent crime     32%         47%
Property crime    29%         25%
Drug crime        33%         21%
Other crime        6%          7%

Nearly half of women were abused Percentage sexually/physically abused in past:
Women      43%
Men        12%

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, J.L. Albert, USA TODAY, Source: Survey of State Prison
Inmates (Bar graphs, pie charts); PHOTOS, b/w, Erik S. Lesser, AP (2)

THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 6, 1993, Saturday, Final Edition

'Susceptible to Abuse';
The ACLU's civil war about 'hate speech' crimes.

Nat Hentoff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A23

LENGTH: 803 words


Kevin Francis O'Neill, legal director of the ACLU of Ohio Legal Foundation, is a
classic civil libertarian in that he believes, with Justice William Brennan,
that the First Amendment secures all our other liberties and rights.
Accordingly, O'Neill was involved in the successful attempt to have Ohio's "hate
crime" law declared unconstitutional by that state's Supreme Court. The statute
provided harsher penalties for crimes committed with bias in mind.

"This is dangerous," said Ohio's Supreme Court, with O'Neill in enthusiastic
agreement. "If the legislature can enhance a penalty for crimes committed 'by
reason of' racial bigotry, why not 'by reason of' opposition to abortion, war,
the elderly [or any other political or moral viewpoint]?"

The Ohio ACLU is in the minority among state affiliates of the American Civil
Liberties Union that have taken a stand on adding to the prison terms for crimes
committed by bigots. The New York affiliate is enthusiastically willing to
punish speech in addition to the penalty for the crime in these cases. The
Oregon ACLU not only supports added punishment for bias crimes but actually
helped write the state's law curbing the First Amendment in this regard -- a law
that has been upheld by Oregon's Supreme Court.

The three ACLU affiliates in California, as could easily have been predicted,
prefer a civil rights rather than a civil liberties course in these matters. The
civil rights approach is to demand that the government add penalties to crimes
involving hate speech, while those civil libertarians still in the ACLU believe
-- as LeslieWilliams, executive director of the dissident Vermont affiliate puts
it -- "the legislature should not be able to add several years to a prison
sentence for an already punishable crime because it finds the reasons for the
crime offensive."

More than 40 states have "hate crimes" laws and the intent, as its advocates
keep pointing out, is to send a message to blacks, gays, lesbians -- and others
targets of bias crimes -- that the community regards such attacks very
seriously, and therefore will punish hate crimes more harshly than violent
crimes committed without bigotry.

This approach, however, also sends a message to those in any community who are
mugged or otherwise assaulted for no other reason than the criminal's lust for
money. The message to those random victims is that the injuries they receive,
however painful physically and psychologically, are of less concern to the
community because the perpetrators in their cases were blessedly free of
bigotry.

After the Wisconsin Supreme Court declared that state's "hate crimes" law -- in
a case involving black-on-white crime -- unconstitutional, theWisconsin State
Journal, in an editorial, asked: "Is the mugging of an elderly black woman by a
black youth suddenly a less serious crime in the eyes of the law than the same
mugging committed by a white youth?"

The U.S. Supreme Court has chosen this Wisconsin case to review during the
present term, thereby probably deciding the fate of all the states' bias-crime
laws. Wisconsin's statute adds up to five years prison time for crimes allegedly
based on race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation or disability.

Arguing for the First Amendment will be state Sen. Lynn Adelman, who has never
before appeared before the highest court. Adelman was one of the leaders in the
ultimately successful attempt to persuade the University of Wisconsin -- of
which he is a regent -- to drop its speech code punishing offensive language
directed against certain groups.

(The new secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, Donna Shalala
-- while chancellor of the university -- was an intense supporter of the speech
code, although she had told me before it was adopted that she would never
countenance such an infringement of the First Amendment.)

Adelman is being opposed not only by the attorney general of Wisconsin but also
by the national ACLU, which used to have the First Amendment on one side of its
membership card. In its embarrassing and embarrassed friend-of-the-court brief
in State of Wisconsin v. Todd Mitchell, the ACLU concedes that the Wisconsin law
it supports is nonetheless "easily susceptible to prosecutorial abuse.

"Given the proliferation of similar laws throughout the country," says the ACLU,
"it is essential for this court to establish a clear set of constitutional
guidelines to ensure that 'hate crime' statutes do not become, as their critics
predict and even their supporters fear, a vehicle for the suppression of
unpopular ideas."

The court, however, is under no obligation to listen to the ACLU's nervous
advice. If these hate crime laws are so susceptible to abuse, why is the ACLU on
their side? Because that is the popular thing to do.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 19, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

One-on-One WITH THE Candidates // George Bush

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 647 words


I would like George Bush's views on crime and capital punishment.

 Kelly Collins, 14

student

Danvers, Mass.

 I am dedicated to fighting crime, and I support capital punishment. Thanks to
my administration's ''get-tough'' policies, the number of criminals convicted of
federal crimes jumped almost 60% from 1980 to 1990, sentences average 30%
longer, and funding of law enforcement is up 64%. Next year, we'll spend $ 500
million to help states and localities fight crime.

For the last three years, I have sought comprehensive crime legislation to
impose an effective federal death penalty and to end excessive appeals and legal
technicalities that let criminals go free. But the Democratic Congress, with my
opponent's wholehearted support, refused to enact these provisions. Instead,
they support gutting state death penalty laws, overturning more than 20 Supreme
Court decisions favorable to law enforcement and, in general, being tougher on
law enforcement than on criminals.

Arkansas, in contrast, is dead last in spending on law enforcement.
That may explain why the Fraternal Order of Police, and in particular the Little
Rock, Arkansas, police, support my re-election.

Many people in this country feel that law protects the criminal more than the
victim. What are your plans to protect victims' rights?

 Alan Delman, 43

purchasing agent

Owings Mills, Md.

 I firmly believe that we must show compassion for victims' rights. That is why
I have appointed judges who have as much sympathy for the rights of victims as
the rights of criminal defendants.  We successfully urged the Supreme Court, in
Payne vs. Tennessee , to permit victims of crimes to testify during the
sentencing phase in capital cases.

I have vigorously supported the Victims of Crime Act. During my administration,
we have collected more than $ 600 million from convicted criminals to give to
victims of crime. Federal grants for victims' compensation programs have
increased by 67% - from $ 38.3 million in fiscal 1988 to $ 56.8 million in 1992.

As the old saying goes, ''crime doesn't pay.'' It is time that criminals learned
that lesson the hard way - with their time and their money.

What is your opinion of rehabilitating first-time, non-violent offenders in a
'boot camp' setting?

 Scott Cilurzo, 24

graduate student

Dayton, Ohio

 My administration already has provided funds to enhance drug treatment at adult
''boot camps'' in four states and has funded juvenile ''boot camps'' in three
states. In the federal prison system, a men's camp was established in 1990 and a
women's camp in 1992. Using ''boot camp'' programs for offenders is a new
concept, but it is too early to call it a success. Initial reports and
observations are optimistic, but such camps are not a substitute for putting
violent offenders and drug dealers behind bars.

Our jails and prisons have become extremely crowded. Tell me, what do you plan
on doing about this problem in the next four years?

 Amy Matthews, 28

sales representative

Seattle

 My administration's response to the shortage of prison space has been
three-fold. First, increase capacity at the federal level. Since 1989, the
Bureau of Prisons has added 18,000 beds, and prison capacity will more than
triple from 1989 through 1997. Second, increase prison space at the state and
local levels. In 1990, only 2.5% of total expenditures by state and local
governments was for corrections. Investment in new prison construction was a
small fraction of that. We need new investment because the costs of
incarceration are vastly exceeded by the benefits. Third, assist states and
localities in modifying court orders that unduly limit their ability to imprison
criminals. The Justice Department has worked with a number of states, including
Texas and Michigan, and cities to make this happen.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Charles Tasnadi, AP

CUTLINE: George Bush: Republican candidate

THE PEOPLE'S PRESS CONFERENCE; Answers on; Crime; Selected responses from 221
questions submitted by readers to the offices of the major party presidential
candidates; Ross Perot declined USA TODAY's invitation to participate

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 24, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

30 figures tied to crime face rackteering trials

BYLINE: John Larrabee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 173 words


Prosecutors say a tape-recorded Mafia initiation ceremony will be used at two
upcoming racketeering trials - in Boston and Hartford - to place 30 crime
leaders in prison.

U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh boasts the indictments are ''a stake in
the heart of a major organized crime family from the boss on down.''

- Testimony against the nine Hartford defendants begins next week. Prosecutors
say they ran loansharking rings and gambling operations, including a casino in
New York City.

Four defendants are charged with plotting the murder of New Haven reputed mob
underboss Billy Grasso in June 1989.

- Raymond Patriarca, 46, reputed boss of the New England mob is a defendant in
the Boston case. He is charged with crossing state lines to aid racketeering
activities. The trial won't begin until the Hartford case is over.

Twenty others face charges that include racketeering, illegal gambling,
extortion, drug trafficking, and murder.

Three defendants in the Boston case, have pleaded guilty and await sentencing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CRIME WATCH; MAFIA 'BAPTISM' RECORDED; See main story; Feds; Tapes will crush
New England mob

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            February 3, 1989 Friday
                                  Late Edition

US MOVES TO STAMP OUT WHITE-COLLAR CRIME

BYLINE: From GREG EARL in New York

SECTION: INVESTMENT; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 413 words


The US Government has established a series of special white-collar crime task
forces in another signal that a new era of market supervision is under way in
the US.

The task forces are intended to institutionalise the co-operation between
different government agencies which helped uncover the Wall Street insider
trading scandals and the recent Chicago futures markets fraud allegations.

Announcing the new white-collar crime initiative yesterday, the
Attorney-General, Mr Richard Thornburgh, claimed that investors and taxpayers
were losing hundreds of billions of dollars from widespread white-collar crime.

The special task force approach was first recommended a year ago by the New York
district attorney, Mr Rudolph Giulliani, who has achieved a national profile
with his Wall Street fraud investigations.

That the idea is only now being taken up underlines how the new Bush
Administration is likely to be much more diligent about investigating business
malpractice.

The task forces will be based in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Denver, Kansas
City, Chicago and New York.

They will be staffed by assistant US attorneys who have white-collar crime
experience, along with officers of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and the Postal Inspection Service.

Mr Thornburgh would not explain why these cities had been chosen, apart from
saying the Department of Justice had conducted a survey of problem areas

But he said the task forces would be able to respond quickly to new problems.

Mr Thornburgh said President Bush was committed to ensuring the integrity of the
financial markets and to achieve that goal it was essential that allegations of
wrongdoing be investigated.

The Attorney-General underlined the new Administration's anti-white-collar crime
credentials by strongly defending the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organisations Act which allows the seizure of assets gained from persistent
crime.

Mr Giulliani has used it with devastating effect to achieve out-of-court
settlements on Wall Street and now the Chicago authorities look set to do the
same thing.

The heavy-handed use of the Act has been criticised by by legal authorities as
an unfair prosecution tool.

But Mr Thornburgh said: "It's designed to attack the business of crime. When
people are in the business of crime, we have not only aggressively sought to
prosecute them but to seize the ill-gotten gains."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1989 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Spring Hope Enterprise

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 10, 2012

Nash crime incident reports now online

BYLINE: Spring Hope Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 421  words


The Nash County Sheriffs Office has announced that area residents can now have
access to neighborhood level crime incident reports in near real time.

The information is available through the departmer.t' s website or an iPhone
application.

"Providing reliable, timely information to our citizens is one of our top
priorities, because an informed public is a safer public," Nash County Sheriff
Dick Jenkins said. "Partnering with CrimeReports gives us the ability to keep
the public' informed on a regular basis as to what is going on in their
community."

The public can download the iPhone app for free at the Apple iTunes store.

The new service even lets residents sign up for free, customizable email
updates, so they can monitor crime in their neighborhood or receive important
alerts from the sheriffs office about what is happening around them.

"Information is power," Jenkins said. "And we hope that giving the community
this information will help them understand crime trends and lower crime in their
neighborhoods."

"Nash County Sheriffs Office is demonstrating its leadership in law enforcement
by finding new ways to connect with the public at a personal level," said Greg
Whisenant, founder and CEO of CrimeReports. "By partnering with us, they are
recognizing the value of the public's involvement and being proactive in both
policing and investing in programs that make a difference."

The web-based CrimeReports service is designed to be affordable for agencies of
all sizes.

More than 1,000 other law enforcement agencies of all sizes across North America
are sharing their crime information with the public through the national crime
map, including Newark, Baltimore, Boston, San Jose, San Francisco, Portland,
Washington,' D.C., Los Angeles county, and more. The map currently covers about
30 percent of the US population.

Residents can access their local crime map and sign up for daily, weekly, or
monthly email crime updates at www.CrimeRe-ports.com/agency/NashCoun-tySO.
CrimeReports will send an email update and show them how many and what types of
crimes were committed. They can then click on the link and it will take them to
a Google map with the crimes pinpointed on it.

"CrimeReports also allows the sheriffs office to see where problems are
occurring in the county," Jenkins said. "We can look at the map and see if there
are an abundance of certain calls in one area. If we believe we are having a
problem in an area, then we can try to put a more visible presence in that area
to try and combat the issue."

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

JOURNAL-CODE: SHE

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2012


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            April 28, 2012 Saturday

José Rodríguez: UT System makes bad move on fight show

BYLINE: By José Rodríguez \ Guest columnist

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 579 words


The decision by the University of Texas System to cancel the World Middleweight
Championship boxing match, scheduled to take place at the Sun Bowl on June 16,
perpetuates the partisan rhetoric that spillover violence exists and that the
border is a "war zone."

With our state leaders standing together in a unison voice on so-called
"spillover violence," the protection of our border has become a fictional
storyline -- the "war zone."

Then something like this happens and adds fuel to their fire. While it's
unlikely the UT System meant it to, this event will now become another political
talking point, much like when Gov. Perry alleged car bombs were exploding in
Downtown El Paso (which, of course, did not happen).

Here are the facts:
El Paso is one of the safest communities in the nation, and safer than most in
Texas. In its 2010-11 rankings, CQ Press ranked El Paso as having the lowest
crime rate for cities of 500,000 or more. In the same year, on the list of large
cities with the "Highest Crime Rate Rankings," Houston was ninth. Between 2005
and 2010, FBI statistics show all violent crime decreased by 11 percent and
homicide rates fell by 19 percent in Arizona, California, New Mexico, and Texas.
Notably, the border areas within these states are even safer. A 2011 USA Today
investigation found that within 50 miles of the border, homicide and robbery
rates were lower than the respective states' averages. An Austin
American-Statesman analysis found violent crime decreased overall in Texas's 14
border counties from 2006 to 2010.

All of these findings are borne out in the Washington Office on Latin America's
April 2012 report, "Beyond the Border Buildup: Security and Migrants Along the
U.S.-Mexico Border," a report that concludes that spillover violence does not
exist.

Instead of acknowledging the facts -- generally, the border is secure -- and
working with communities to help ensure safety, politicians have developed a
theme that sacrifices our reputation and does nothing to help us with our
challenges and our opportunities.

Cancelling this event is one of the more visible and tangible examples of how
this irresponsible rhetoric flowing from Austin impedes our community's ability
to engage in commerce and trade, and, more importantly, tarnishes our public
image.

Ultimately, this harms more than just El Paso and other border cities -- it
harms the prosperity of our entire state.

We are proud of our hospitality and ability to put on top-notch events,
particularly at UTEP, from the annual Sun Bowl to last weekend's nationally
broadcast WBC Super Bantamweight World Championship fight at the Don Haskins
Center.

We look forward to more events in our city, and UTEP continuing to be a key
community partner.

But most immediately, we must reverse the decision to cancel the championship
boxing match, which appears to have been made without any effort to consult with
local elected officials or law enforcement regarding any potential threat.

The UT System states that "a specific event risk assessment was performed and
the conclusion was that the risk was higher than normal."

However, the UT System does not explain what specific facts or evidence gave
rise to such an assessment. Based on the current political climate of
misrepresenting the border, however, I am skeptical.

The UT System owes the public an explanation for making a decision that damages
our reputation and our economy.

Sen. Josc Rodrcguez represents District 29 in the Texas State Senate.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 23, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Banning Guns Won't Stop Crime

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 139 words



To the Editor:

Re "Mr. Heston, the Police Are Not the Enemy" (Op-Ed, June 20): William J.
Bratton is typical of those who would control violence in the world by allowing
or banning things. He tells Charlton Heston that easy access to guns is "one of
the biggest factors in violent crime" -- apparently, all that is needed to stop
crime is to overturn the Second Amendment.

Criminals are the source of crime.  Proscribing things simply does not work. One
of the most illegal things in the world to possess is any illegal drug. One can
buy drugs on any street corner in New York City, any time.

More crimes are prevented by lawful citizens lawfully protecting themselves with
firearms than are prevented by the police.

Firearms are not the enemy, criminals are.

W. RONALD LEWIS
Mandeville, La., June 20, 1998

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 4, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Lucille Loeb, 92, Board Member Of the Crime Prevention Council

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 269 words


Lucille H. Loeb, a board member of the National Crime Prevention Council and a
leading supporter of the Visiting Nurse Service, died on Sunday at her home in
La Quinta, Calif., her family said. She was 92.

Mrs. Loeb was the widow of Carl M. Loeb Jr., who helped to found the National
Crime Prevention Council in 1982 and served as its chairman. The agency, based
in Washington, works closely with the Justice Department and the Advertising
Council to reduce crime, especially among teen-agers, and uses a dog named
McGruff as its symbol. When Mr. Loeb died in 1985, Mrs. Loeb continued his work
as a board member of the nonprofit organization.

Lucille Helen Loeb was born in Philadelphia on Nov. 13, 1905, the only child of
Lewis and Claudia Schamburg. Her mother's father was Samuel Snellenburg, the
founder of the Philadelphia department store that bears his name.

After graduating from Vassar, she married Mr. Loeb, a metallurgical engineer who
was an executive with the Climax Molybdenum Company, which later became AMAX
Inc. He was also a limited partner in Loeb, Rhoades & Company, a brokerage and
investment banking firm that his father, Carl Sr., and his brother John had
helped found, and that was later merged into Shearson and then American Express.

Mrs. Loeb was a volunteer for the Visiting Nurse Service from 1936 to 1980. She
was a member of its board and had been an important fund-raiser for many
decades.

She is survived by two sons, Carl M. Loeb 3d and Peter K. Loeb, both of
Manhattan; a daughter, Constance Cohn of Edmonds, Wash., 10 grandchildren and 9
great-grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 14, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Votes in Congress

SECTION: Section 1; Page 47; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 612 words


Tally Last Week in Connecticut, New Jersey and New York

Senate

1. Minors: Vote to kill an amendment to a major anti-crime measure that would
prohibit death sentences in cases where offenders committed the murders when
they were younger than 18. Approved 52 to 41, Nov. 8.

2. Gangs: Vote on an amendment to a major anti-crime measure that would classify
as Federal offenses a host of illegal gang activities, ranging from conspiring
to join a criminal street gang to committing murder for that gang. Approved 60
to 38, Nov. 9.

3. Interstate Crime: Vote on an amendment to a major anti-crime measure that
would make murders committed with firearms that were carried across state lines
a Federal crime with mandatory death penalties.  Approved 58 to 42, Nov. 9.

4. Carjacking: Vote on an amendment to a major anti-crime measure that would
make carjacking a Federal capital crime whenever someone dies as a result.
Approved 65 to 34, Nov. 9.

Connecticut
Dodd (D) . . . Nay Nay Yea Yea
Lieberman (D) . . . Yea Yea Yea Yea

New Jersey
Bradley (D) . . . Nay Nay Nay Yea
Lautenberg (D) . . . Nay Nay Nay Nay
New York
D'Amato (R) . . . Yea Yea Yea Yea
Moynihan (D) . . . Nay Nay Nay Nay

House

1. Somalia: Vote on passage of a resolution endorsing President Clinton's
withdrawal date of March 31, 1994, for United States troops in Somalia.
Approved 226 to 201, Nov. 9.

2. Gun Control: Vote on an amendment to a bill providing for a five-day waiting
period for handgun purchases that would set a five-year limit for developing
computerized, nationwide system of instant background checks and a phaseout of
the waiting period. Approved 236 to 198, Nov. 10.

3. Gun Control: Vote on passage of a bill that would require a buyer of a
handgun to wait five business days before taking possession of it. Approved 238
to 189, Nov. 10.

Connecticut
1. Kennelly (D) . . . Yea Yea
2. Gejdenson (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
3. DeLauro (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
4. Shays (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
5. Franks (R) . . . Nay Yea Nay
6. Johnson (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
New Jersey
1. Andrews (D) . . . Nay Nay Yea
2. Hughes (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
3. Saxton (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
4. Smith (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
5. Roukema (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
6. Pallone (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
7. Franks (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
8. Klein (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
9. Torricelli (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
10. Payne (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea

11. Gallo (R) . . . Nay Nay Nay
12. Zimmer (R) . . . Nay Yea Yea
13. Menendez (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
New York
1. Hochbrueckner (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
2. Lazio (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
3. King (R) . . . Nay Yea Nay
4. Levy (R) . . . Nay Yea Nay
5. Ackerman (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
6. Flake (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
7. Manton (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
8. Nadler (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
9. Schumer (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
10. Towns (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
11. Owens (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
12. Velazquez (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
13. Molinari (D) . . . Nay Nay Yea
14. Maloney (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea

15. Rangel (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
16. Serrano (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
17. Engel (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
18. Lowey (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
19. Fish (R) . . . Nay Yea Yea
20. Gilman (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
21. McNulty (D) . . . Nay Yea Yea
22. Solomon (R) . . . Nay Yea Nay
23. Boehlert (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
24. McHugh (R) . . . Nay Yea Nay
25. Walsh (R) . . . Nay Yea Yea
26. Hinchey (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
27. Paxon (R) . . . Nay Yea Nay
28. Slaughter (D) . . . Nay Nay Yea
29. LaFalce (D) . . . Yea Nay Yea
30. Quinn (R) . . . Nay Nay Yea
31. Houghton (R) . . . Yea Yea Nay

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: List

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 22, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

EIGHT CRIME GROUPS ARE ACTIVE IN JERSEY, ACCORDING TO F.B.I.

BYLINE: By WILLIAM R. GREER

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 334 words


Experts with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, in beginning a drive against
organized crime in the New York metropolitan area two years ago, said eight
crime factions were active in New Jersey.

Five of them, which operate mostly in northern New Jersey, are parts of New York
crime groups, and three others are based principally in central or southern New
Jersey. Their activities include narcotics trafficking, loan sharking,
infiltrating legitimate businesses for illegitimate purposes, gambling and labor
racketeering, the former United States Attorney for New Jersey, W. Hunt Dumont,
has said.

Mr. Dumont, who resigned in June to take a private job, identified the five New
York-based factions as the Genovese, Gambino, Luchese, Bonanno and Colombo
groups. He said those in New Jersey included the DeCavalcante, Bruno and
Buffalino factions.

Assessment of Strength

F.B.I. investigators have said the Luchese faction is the most prominent in
northern New Jersey. The Bruno, Gambino and Genovese factions have all
maintained some operations in Atlantic City, officials have said, and there is
evidence that the less powerful New York factions, formerly led by Joseph
Colombo, Thomas (Three Finger Brown) Luchese and Joseph Bonanno, were also
operating in Atlantic City.

Nicodemo (Little Nicky) Scarfo, who was released from a Federal prison Jan. 20,
1984, after serving a two-year sentence for illegal possession of a firearm,
took control in March 1981 of the crime group once led by Angelo Bruno, the
F.B.I. has said. Mr. Bruno was killed by a shotgun blast in Philadelphia in
1980, and his successor, Philip Testa, was killed by a bomb in 1981.

The Bruno faction had first agreed to share spoils of Atlantic City with the New
York faction formerly headed by Carlo Gambino, officials have said, but later,
when the Bruno faction became divided and one faction aligned itself with the
New York faction formerly led by Vito Genovese, the Gambino faction withdrew
from Atlantic City.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           January 9, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Crime rate keeps falling in western big cities

BYLINE: Mike Carter, Seattle Times

SECTION: WESTCOAST NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


SEATTLE -- Serious crime is down almost across the board in western Washington's
big cities, in some categories as much as 36 per cent, according to figures
released by the FBI.

When final statistics for 2007 are compiled, the city of Seattle will likely
have its lowest rate in 38 years, said Seattle deputy police chief Clark
Kimerer.

"We're careful about taking credit for when the numbers go down, because then
you take the blame when they go up," Kimerer said. "Still, some of what we are
doing is clearly working."

The FBI released statistics for the first six months of 2007. Compared with the
same time period from the previous year, violent crime is down nationwide by 1.8
per cent and property crimes have dropped by nearly three per cent.

The report details crime rates in five Washington cities with populations of
more than 100,000: Seattle, Bellevue, Tacoma, Spokane and Vancouver.

Bellevue and Seattle reported big drops in violent crime, 33 per cent and 15 per
cent respectively. Property crime was down by seven per cent in Bellevue and
four per cent in Seattle, according to the FBI's numbers.

In Seattle, reported crimes were down or stayed the same in every category
except theft, which showed a one-per-cent increase.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Iran Daily

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

Violent crime rising in US cities: Study

LENGTH: 255  words


Violent crime is on the rise this year in major cities across the United States,
including homicides, rapes, robberies, assaults and shootings, a new report has
found.

There were 307 more murders in large cities in the first six months of 2016
compared to the same period in 2015, according to a midyear violent crime survey
released by the Major Cities Chiefs Association.

The report also found that there have been about 2,000 more aggravated assaults,
1,000 more robberies and 600 more non-fatal shootings in 2016 than at the midway
point in 2015.

The rising US crime rate is continuing a trend that began last year after
decades of falling crime levels.

More than half of the increase in homicides occurred in the cities of Chicago,
Las Vegas and Orlando, Florida; where 49 people were killed last month in the
largest mass shooting in US history.

Chicago has experienced 316 homicides so far, the most of any city and a 48
percent increase over last year.

US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has pointed to Chicago's
problems with homicide in the past, and noted the city's connection to US
President Barack Obama during the Republican National Convention.

Obama moved to Chicago, Illinois, in the mid 1980s and represented the state of
Illinois in the US Senate from 2004 to 2008.

"In the president's hometown of Chicago, more than 2,000 people have been the
victims of shootings this year alone. And almost 4,000 have been killed in the
Chicago area since he took office," Trump told delegates Thursday in Cleveland,
Ohio.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1056


                 Copyright 2016 Iran Cultural & Press Institute
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans Division

LENGTH: 544  words


FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.


Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New York
Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.
From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director's Award in 2005.
After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda's financial assets.
From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.

In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.
In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi "Baby Shanks" Manocchio.
In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division's counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led the
coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist attacks.
Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.
Mr. Sallet reports to New Orleans in the middle of November. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Texas executes gang hit man for killing woman over drug tax

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 705 words


Texas executes Mexican hit man

A Mexican mafia hit man convicted of beating and strangling a San Antonio woman
because she didn't pay the gang's 10 percent tax on her illegal drug sales was
executed Wednesday evening.

The injection of Manuel Vasquez with a lethal dose of pentobarbital leaves Texas
with enough of the powerful sedative to carry out only one more execution.
Vasquez was the fourth Texas inmate put to death this year, and at least six are
scheduled for execution in the coming weeks.

Texas prison officials, like those in other death penalty states, have found it
increasingly difficult to find suppliers to provide drugs intended for capital
punishment use.

Vasquez, 46, was pronounced dead 17 minutes after the drug began being
administered.

Positive change sought from Oklahoma fraternity scandal o A video of University
of Oklahoma fraternity members engaging in a racist chant outraged and angered
students across the campus. But its release also has sparked a dialogue that
many students hope will lead to positive changes.

Protests and rallies have been held every day on the campus in Norman since the
release this week of the video, which shows students participating in a chant
that made reference to lynching and indicates black students would never be
admitted to OU's chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.

On Wednesday, a forum on diversity sponsored by the black student group Unheard
was planned on campus, and a student spokeswoman for the group said the incident
appears to be serving as a catalyst for change.

California suspends test rankings over Common Core o The California Board of
Education suspended the state's school accountability system on Wednesday for
one year to give teachers and students time to adjust to new standardized tests
aligned with Common Core standards.

The board voted at a meeting in Sacramento not to produce an Academic
Performance Index for the 2014-15 school year. The index uses student results on
statewide tests to rank schools and to identify those that need improvement.

Board President Michael Kirst said the state wants to make sure it is measuring
student growth, not just baseline performance, on the new Smarter Balanced
tests.

The Common Core benchmarks adopted by a majority of states around the nation
have come under fire, largely from conservatives who decry them as a federal
infringement on school policy.

More suspects sought in Idaho killings o One person was in custody Wednesday and
police were searching for other suspects after finding two men and a woman dead
in a home in the Boise, Idaho, foothills.

Ada County Sheriff Gary Raney declined to speculate on a motive or say if
anything was missing from the home. He said the victims were related, and the
killings occurred sometime between Sunday evening and Tuesday morning.

Names weren't released and he declined to release details about the ongoing
investigation. "I've probably not seen a bloodier or more violent murder occur,"
Raney said.

Students protest school's sex assault investigations o Hundreds of Brown
University students silently marched across campus Wednesday to protest the
college's handling of recent sexual assault allegations, saying the school is
trying to protect its reputation rather than the victims of assault.

Many participants taped $1 bills across their mouths, saying it symbolized how
the victims have been silenced.

The Rhode Island university recently dropped its inquiry into drugging
allegations by two female students, one of who claimed she was sexually
assaulted, when they attended a party hosted Oct. 17 by the Phi Kappa Psi
fraternity.

Teen recorded in kidnapping attempt is arrested o A 15-year-old boy has been
arrested in connection with the attempted kidnapping of a toddler that was
caught on surveillance video in Sprague, Wash.

Lincoln County Sheriff Wade Magers said Wednesday that his deputies had arrested
the boy, who lives in Sprague. The boy's identity was being withheld because he
is a juvenile.

A surveillance video shows a man running down a sidewalk with the toddler in his
arms Sunday.

The child's two siblings screamed and chased him. The scene ended after two
teenage boys joined the chase, and the man put down the toddler and fled.

From news services

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  This undated handout photo provided by the Texas Department of
Criminal Justice shows Manuel Vasquez. He is scheduled for execution Wednesday,
March 11, 2015 for the ordered murder of a San Antonio woman who ignored a 10
percent street tax on drugs _ known as a "dime." (AP Photo/Texas Department of
Criminal Justice)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Families of slain US Muslim students call for hate crime investigation

LENGTH: 351  words


The families of three American Muslim students shot dead in North Carolina have
called the tragic shootings "execution-style murders," calling for a hate crime
investigation.

On Tuesday afternoon, Craig Stephen Hicks, 46, shot dead Deah Shaddy Barakat,
23, his wife Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha, 21, and her sister, Razan Mohammad
Abu-Salha, 19, near the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill campus.

Suzanne Barakat, the sister of Deah, on Wednesday demanded that authorities
"investigate these senseless and heinous murders as a hate crime," adding that
they were "execution-style murders."

Police say initial probes suggest the deadly attack stemmed from a dispute over
parking space, but have not ruled out the possibility that hatred of Muslims had
motivated the shooter.

However, the father of two female students shot dead sharply disagrees with the
police wording and has demanded that investigators treat the killing as a "hate
crime."

"This was not a dispute over a parking space; this was a hate crime," said
Mohammad Abu-Salha. "This man had picked on my daughter and her husband a couple
of times before, and he talked with them with his gun in his belt."

The fatal shootings have caused outrage among Muslims all over the world. Many
claim the crimes would have gained more attention if the attacker had been a
Muslim and the victims were non-Muslim whites.

"Based on the brutal nature of this crime... the religious attire of two of the
victims, and the rising anti-Muslim rhetoric in American society, we urge state
and federal law enforcement authorities to quickly address speculation of a
possible bias motive in this case," Nihad Awad of the Council on
American-Islamic Relations said in a statement.

On Wednesday, about 4,000 people gathered at the University of North Carolina at
Chapel Hill to mourn the deaths of the students.

The Islamic Association of Raleigh, which is handling funeral arrangements, said
in a statement that it mourns its "three bright stars."

More vigils are planned in Washington, DC, New Jersey, California, Texas,
Michigan, Florida and Charlotte, North Carolina.

AHT/AGB

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

Oroville's No. 2 crime rating debunked

BYLINE: By MARY WESTON  - Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 824 words


OROVILLE   A Internet newspaper compilation of Federal Bureau of Investigation
crime data for 2010 found Oroville with the second highest violent crime rate
per capita in California.

But the Oroville's police chief says it's a reporting problem, not a crime
problem.

The FBI compiles crime data for cities every year based on reports from law
enforcement agencies.

San Francisco Business Times compiled a summary of the FBI data for violent
crimes in its Sept. 20 Internet edition, and wrote an article dubbing Oroville
as the second most dangerous city in the state.

Statewide, the article claimed the most violent cities were Oakland, followed by
Oroville, Desert Hot Springs, Compton and Stockton.

There are a number of oddities in the rankings. Nevada City is eighth worst, and
Red Bluff (15th) and Grass Valley (19th) rank worse than Sacramento at 22nd. Los
Angeles is 88th. San Jose, 201st.

Paradise at 161st is ranked more dangerous than Chico at 235th. Marysville is
45th while Yuba City, just across the Feather River, is much safer at 195th.

Oroville Police Chief Bill LaGrone said comparing Oroville's reported crimes
with crimes other cities' reports gives an inaccurate picture because there are
too many variables involved.

For example, would you feel safer walking in Stockton than in Oroville, he
asked.

"It's an unfair comparison," LaGrone said at the Oroville Mercury-Register
office on Tuesday.

The FBI collects data on violent crimes for cities from reports submitted by
police departments on what crimes they responded to in a particular year.

LaGrone said all law enforcement agencies do not respond to the same types of
crimes.

Larger or under-staffed agencies sometimes have to decide not to respond to
certain crimes, so a report is not generated. Oroville police respond to many
smaller assaults a big city department would not respond to, he said.

The FBI acknowledges that in a 2009 report "Variables Affecting Crime," and
warns the news media against using the data for articles comparing city's crime
rates.

"One city may report more crime than a comparable one, not because there is more
crime, but rather because its law enforcement agency, through proactive efforts,
identifies more offenses," the FBI report states.

The Oroville Police Department's average response to crime of violence in
progress averages three minutes, he said, which is well below the national
average.

A crime of violence can be anything involving physical contact.

In addition, before the Police Department installed a new Computer Assisted
Dispatch and Record Management System on Sept. 19, all criminal violence
whether it resulted in a black eye to a major injury   was reported as an
aggravated assault.

The old reporting system generated the crime data used for the 2010 FBI report.
Oroville suffered 181 aggravated assaults, 26 robberies, 10 forcible rapes and
one murder, which added to a total of 218 violent crimes.

These reported crimes calculated against a population of 14,718 (rather than the
actual population of 15,546) pushed Oroville's violent crimes to 14.8 per 1,000
residents, which was the second highest per capita rate in the state.

The FBI itself cautions against using the data for articles like the San
Francisco Business Times.

This cautionary note was included in a 2010 press release at
www2.fbi.gov/pressrel/pressrel.htm:

"Each year when 'Crime in the United States' is published, some entities use the
figures to compile rankings of cities and counties. These rough rankings provide
no insight into the numerous variables that mold crime in a particular town,
city, county, state, tribal area, or region. Consequently, they lead to
simplistic and/or incomplete analyses that often create misleading perceptions
adversely affecting communities and their residents. Valid assessments are
possible only with careful study and analysis of the range of unique conditions
affecting each local law enforcement jurisdiction."

In the Sept. 28 edition of Huff Post San Francisco, the Internet newspaper went
so far as to speculate about Oroville:

"Much of the crime in Oroville can be attributed to the drug trade in an area
notorious for crystal meth," the Huff Post claimed. "The city is also home to
significant gang activity inside its sizable Hmong population."

LaGrone called this irresponsible journalism because it repeats stereotypes
about Oroville that are simply not true.

LaGrone said the department's new crime reporting system will allow crimes to be
reported as either simple or aggravated assaults, which will result in a lower
crime ranking next year.

The police chief hopes the community realizes that each police officer works
diligently to pursue criminals, and he urges the community to supports its
police officers.

LaGrone said the report was disheartening, but it will not change the
department's response policy.

"The Oroville Police Department has will continue to respond to all types of
calls for service," LaGrone said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 17, 2011 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bill James covers all the 'Popular Crime' bases;
Baseball author says sensational crime can raise real questions

BYLINE: Bob Minzesheimer, USA TODAY

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 455 words


Ask Bill James about the difference between writing about baseball, which he has
done in more than 20 books, and writing about real-life crime, his new subject,
and he talks about his dreams.

"It's literally true that I dream about baseball almost every night," says
James, 61, author of a best-selling series of Baseball Abstracts packed with new
ways of measuring an old game.

"I don't think I've dreamt about crime more than six or seven times."

But he has read 1,000 non-fiction crime books,  which inspired his own book,
Popular Crime: Reflections on the Celebration of Violence (Scribner, $30).
Baseball is not mentioned in its 482 pages.

"Baseball is essentially how I understand the world," James says on a visit to
Manhattan's Madison Square Park. "I can't say that about crime."

What he does say is, "We need to have a serious discussion about trash."

By trash, he means sensational crimes, like the one that took place near here in
1906. It happened on the rooftop restaurant of the old Madison Square Garden,
where architect Stanford White was murdered by Harry Thaw, who had married
White's former lover, Evelyn Nesbit.

"Thaw was crazy and got off too easy," James says, "but everyone forgets what
White did to offend Thaw." (Nesbit was 16 when White got her drunk and  "seduced
her"  a euphemism, James says.)

It's one of dozens of murders analyzed in James' book, which also discusses
modern media circuses erected around the cases of O.J. Simpson, Natalee Holloway
and JonBenet Ramsey.

"Popular culture is obsessed with crime stories, but too many intelligent people
turn up their noses at all that unseemly stuff," he says.

"What they fail to realize is that sensational crimes can also raise significant
issues."

Debates about what police, prosecutors and defense lawyers do and don't do
shouldn't be left just to "the experts," says James, who confesses, "I'm
certainly no expert."

Unlike baseball, crime stories don't lend themselves to statistical analysis,
but James' approach is similar: Ask unconventional questions and try to answer
them logically, separating what's known from what's not known.

Among his complaints: how often prosecutors mention "motive, means and
opportunity." The problem, he says, is that "thousands of people have the
motive, means and opportunity to commit crimes that they had absolutely nothing
to do with."

Since 2003, James, who lives in Lawrence, Kan,  has been a senior adviser to the
Boston Red Sox.

When he began writing about baseball in 1977, he says, "I was totally rejected
by the baseball establishment for the first six years. The legal establishment
is far more powerful and organized and effective."

His hopes for Popular Crime are modest: "To reshape the discussion a little
bit."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 18, 2011



CORRECTION: The location of author Bill James was incorrect in a photo caption
Tuesday. He was in Madison Square park in Manhattan.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Todd Plitt, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             October 5, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hate crime laws lack clout, funds

BYLINE: Joyce King

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 456 words


Whenever a sickening racial attack occurs, my phone usually rings off the hook
with people wanting a comment. Part of the reason was my front-row seat as a
witness to the justice served in Jasper, Texas, after the murder of James Byrd
Jr., a black man. In 1998, Byrd was knocked unconscious, chained to the back of
a truck and dragged for miles. Two white defendants were sentenced to death, and
a third to life in prison.

So I was not surprised when I was asked whether I thought what happened recently
in West Virginia was a hate crime or "isolated incident."

Megan Williams, a black 20-year-old, says she was sexually assaulted, scalded,
stabbed, beaten, forced to consume urine and animal feces, and was verbally
battered with racial slurs over several days.

Six white suspects, three of them women, were charged. The alleged acts were
repugnant but not isolated. According to the FBI, 61% of known offenders who
committed hate crimes in 2005 were white. But hate crime laws are not the legal
security blanket people think. West Virginia is one of 45 states (and the
District of Columbia)  with laws that allow increased sentences for crimes
linked to a victim's race or religion. Those laws are most effective when it
comes to offenses such as battery or criminal damage to property. But in cases
of kidnapping or murder, prosecutors rarely use hate crime laws. One reason is
that bias is often hard to prove; another is that kidnapping or murder are
already punishable by life in prison or the death penalty.

In Byrd's case, no hate crime charges were filed. Guy James Gray, Jasper's
district attorney then, said he had no choice but to seek convictions under
state law. Though he successfully prosecuted the case, Jasper went broke doing
it.

Last week, the Senate approved a hate crime bill that  would  establish uniform
sentencing, broaden the crimes to include sexual orientation and provide more
federal aid to local jurisdictions -- many small or rural such as Jasper or
Logan County in West Virginia -- in prosecuting cases. Opponents, including
President Bush, argue that passage would single out certain groups for special
protection and that there are already laws to cover most crimes.

But they're missing the point. Without a broader range of charges, hate crime
laws become just feel-good measures. If we are serious about cracking down on
hate crimes, a blanket federal statute is needed to ensure that such crimes are
prosecuted as such, that accurate statistics of those crimes are logged, and
that localities have the resources to guarantee that those guilty of these
heinous crimes do not go unpunished.

---

Joyce King is a freelance writer in Dallas and author of Hate Crime: The Story
of a Dragging in Jasper, Texas.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                           November 1, 2006 Wednesday

Lancaster Co. 18th safest in U.S. rankings;
Moving up from last year's 26th place in ratings of 344 metropolitan areas.

BYLINE: David O'connor, New Era Staff Writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 584  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


It's a list any community would want to join, and Lancaster County is moving up
on the list each year.

The county has been named the 18th-safest among 344 metropolitan areas in the
United States in a new annual ranking, after finishing 26th a year ago.

"That's very encouraging ... that's the only word I can think of to describe it,
and there are a number of factors that contribute to results like these," the
county's top law-enforcement official said this morning.

It takes cooperation among various police departments, programs like "Project
Safe Neighborhoods" and the active involvement of residents to make things like
this happen, county District Attorney Donald R. Totaro added.

Lancaster County's ranking is included in the 13th annual "Safest City Award,"
released Monday by Morgan Quitno Press, a Lawrence, Kan. publishing and research
company.

Brick, N.J., claimed the title as America's safest city, finishing just ahead of
Amherst, N.Y.

At the opposite end of the crime scale, St. Louis was named the nation's most
dangerous city, a title it last held in 2002. St. Louis reported the highest
violent crime and property crime rates among cities with 75,000 or more people.

In the new ranking, Lancaster County finished 18th, between Elizabethtown, Ky.
(17th) and the Wheeling, W.Va./Ohio metro area on the list of safest cities.

The new report underscores the quality of police and programs to combat crime
and also says good things about "the culture" here in both the city and county,
city Mayor Rick Gray said Tuesday.

"While it's hard to be objective - when it comes to violent crimes and gun
crimes, I take them very personally now that I'm mayor," he said, "this shows
that we still have a relatively low rate compared to other communities of the
same size."

The county has gotten steadily safer in the annual rankings over the past
several years, going from 35th to 32nd, 31st and then last year's 26th before
this year, Scott Morgan, president of Morgan Quitno Press, said Tuesday.

The ranking incorporates the whole county, and Gray, as mayor of the city that's
the county's hub, agreed that "it also shows the quality of the police we have,
not just in the city but in the county as well."

City police Chief Sam Gatchell agreed that "compared to some other cities, we're
much better off. But we can't rest on our laurels."

He cited successes like the new Route 222 anti-gang initiative, and also
emphasized that "the residents are key ... they have to care about their
neighborhoods.

"After all, they're there a lot longer during the day than we are."

The rankings take the region's 2005 crime rates per 100,000 population, released
by the FBI in September, for six basic crime categories - murder, rape, robbery,
aggravated assault, burglary and motor vehicle theft.

They then were compared to the national average for a given crime category, and
then multiplied by a weight assigned to each of the six categories. Each of the
six is given equal weight.

"By weighting each crime equally, cities are compared based purely on their
crime rates and how they stack up to the national average for a particular crime
category," a Morgan Quitno press release states.

For more information on the list, visit www.morganquitno.com.

The new report comes a month after the Amish school murders focused
international attention on the county.

It also comes days after the FBI's crime report found that Lancaster fared best
when compared with nearby cities Harrisburg, York and Reading in the number of
violent crimes.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          September 10, 2000, Sunday,

Equation clear, direct: Gambling hikes crime;
 Data from all over the country show a strong link.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 607 words


If Maine voters approve Question 3 on the referendum ballot in November, they
can expect that crime rates will increase and that organized crime will take a
much closer look at the state.

Question 3 would allow what is in effect an electronic casino, with up to 1,500
video gambling machines, to be placed at the Scarborough Downs racetrack. While
there is absolutely no reason to believe that the track's owners and employees
are now or might ever be involved in any criminal actions, the record of what
happens in and around the locations where such casinos are established is clear.

According to Ronald Reno, a social research analyst who studies gambling issues
for the Focus on the Family public policy group, "Polls show that most Americans
assume an association between gambling and increased criminal activity." Though
gambling industry sources dispute it, he notes that "Data from across the
country indicate that gambling does indeed foster an increase in crime."

It does so first among individuals who cannot control the urge to gamble, and
take to crime either to find more money to gamble with or to replace the money
they lost while wagering. The crimes range from major embezzements to robbery
and petty theft, with one expert noting that 65 percent of compulsive gamblers
admit to criminal activity. Since there are millions of such people, gambling is
at the root of a major amount of U.S. crime.

For example, the Minneapolis Star-Tribune reported that in the first six years
of casinos in Minnesota, the crime rate in counties with casinos rose 39
percent, while it only rose 18 percent in counties without casinos.

An analysis in U.S. News and World Report found that crime rates in casino
communities were 84 percent higher than the national average. The average number
of calls to the Ledyard, Conn., police department jumped from 4,000 to 16,700
within five years of the opening of the nearby Foxwoods Casino.

University of Las Vegas-Reno researchers found that Wisconsin experiences an
average of 5,300 additional major crimes a year due to the presence of casinos
in that state, along with 17,100 less-serious crimes related to casinos.

Nationwide, reported U.S. News, towns with casinos recorded a 5.8 percent jump
in crime while the national rate was dropping by 2 percent.

What about organized crime? The magazine says that casino operators themselves
are usually clean, thanks to intensive state regulation, but that "organized
crime groups have managed to infiltrate many ancillary businesses such as
maintaining the machines or providing other services," according to FBI sources.

The Christian Science Monitor reported that at least 11 different crime families
have been involved in schemes to profit from some aspect of the gambling
industry in Atlantic City, while former New Jersey Attorney General John Degnan
said that "Anybody who goes into gambling should recognize . . . that organized
crime will be attracted to it like sharks to a bloated body."

Indeed, a former crime boss from Chicago, William Jahoda, testified before
Congress in 1995 that "Any new form or expansion of existing state-controlled
licensed gambling always increased our market share."

When Florida voters rejected a referendum on casino gambling in 1994, they
responded to a report by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement that said
that "Casinos will result in more Floridians and visitors being robbed, raped,
assaulted and otherwise injured. Casinos are not worth the gamble."

They're not worth the gamble in Maine, either, which is why Mainers should vote
"No" on Question 3 in November.


LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

File photo This won't be good for Maine.

                 Copyright 2000 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 21, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

HOW THE LABS MAKE DO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 594 words


Crime labs are struggling to handle mushrooming caseloads with
limited budgets and staff. USA TODAY surveyed lab directors nationwide
about how they deal with the situation, which often boils down
to hard choices and unhappy compromises of justice. How they said
they cope.


PRIORITIZE: The most serious cases and cases with set court
dates are worked first. Some labs, including the state lab systems
in California, Indiana, New Mexico and Delaware, do minimal work
on cases without a suspect, all but abdicating their crime-solving
role.

"We can't do cases we should be doing, like investigative work,
stuff that will help solve crimes," says Michele Kestler, director
of the Los Angeles police lab. "Those are on the bottom of the
pile because we're so busy doing the ones where there is a suspect
and he is going to court. We don't have time for crime-solving."

CHARGE FEES: The Contra Costa County crime lab in California
operates on a fee-for-service system. The various police departments
it serves, except the county sheriff's department, can get work
done -- as long as they pay. The drawback: financially strapped
agencies can't always afford the work at $ 135 an hour.

As a result, if a rape happens in a part of the county where the
police department can't afford to pay the fee, "it is not as
likely to be solved," Contra Costa crime lab director Kathryn
Holmes says. "I think it is reprehensible. It outrages me."

RANDOM SAMPLING: This is a widely accepted approach in
which labs test only a portion of confiscated drugs. For example,
if police seize hundreds of bags of cocaine, the lab will test
random samples from a given percentage of bags. But many labs
don't encourage random sampling and some jurisdictions, such as
New York state, prohibit it, forcing technicians to spend countless
extra hours doing analyses.

Howard Harris, director of the Monroe County crime lab in Rochester,
N.Y., says random sampling could cut his lab's drug analysis workload
20%. Testing every sample is "a total waste," Harris says. "If
we get 300 . . . envelopes of cocaine (in one bust), we have to
test every single one."

TRAIN POLICE: Many labs don't have enough technicians to
visit crime scenes and gather evidence, so they've begun training
police to gather evidence and, in some cases, conduct a "field
test" of the evidence.

In New York City, officers learn to field-test suspected drugs,
and a positive test allows them to hold defendants until a grand
jury indictment. Otherwise, the suspects would have to be released
in five days. In Alameda County, Calif., officers are given kits
to test for gunshot residue on the hands of shooting suspects.
Each kit comes with gloves and a prepared swab that is wiped across
a suspect's hand and placed in a vial to be delivered to the lab
for analysis.

AUTOMATE: Some time-consuming tasks, such as analyzing
multiple drug samples from a single, massive seizure, can be done
automatically and, in many cases, during off hours. But while
automated equipment ultimately saves money and time, many labs
cannot or will not shell out the extra money to buy it.

For example, a gas chromatograph/mass spectrometer, used to analyze
drug samples, costs about $ 70,000. For another $ 10,000 or so,
the machine can be purchased with an auto-sampler. That way, dozens
of samples can be loaded into the machine at the end of the day
and it will analyze them all overnight, saving time and freeing
equipment time during working hours.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 22, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Criminals have hurt 37 million since '73

BYLINE: Robert Davis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 492 words


Nearly 37 million people have been injured by criminals in the past 20 years, a
new federal study says.

The Justice Department's annual National Crime Victimization Survey says men are
more likely to be attacked by strangers, women are usually hurt by people they
know and one of 10 criminals use a handgun in a crime.

The survey, released Sunday, also tallies the cost of crime on the USA: more
than $ 19 billion during 1991.

And while the overall crime rate is down 6% over 20 years, violence is up 24%
partly because of attacks on blacks.

"The violent crime rate for blacks is the highest ever recorded," says Lawrence
Greenfeld, of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, which annually releases the
survey.

Justice officials have interviewed 4.4 million people since 1973 to get a rare
glimpse of crime - from victims who often don't call police for help.

"The trends are horrifying, especially if you are a young black male," says Anne
Seymour, a national victims advocate. "You're much more likely to be physically
assaulted or the victim of a murder because of your age and color."

Black teen-age males are victims of violent crime at a rate of 113 per 1,000;
white teen-age males, 90 per 1,000.

Since 1973, 36.6 million crime victims have been hurt, raising the rate of
violent crime 24% since the survey was started a decade ago.

Now, one in five crimes are violent. A third of the violent
crimes injure a victim.    "The prevalence is what's so troubling,"

Greenfeld says.

He ties the decline in the overall crime rate to a steady fall in burglary and
thefts. There are roughly half as many burglaries and thefts today as there were
in 1973.

But Seymour says the drop in property crimes, and its lowering of the overall
crime rate, doesn't mean streets are safer.

"Some groups . . . are disproportionately victims of increasing crime," says
Greenfeld. "That's very disturbing."

Teens most often victims of violence In 1992, violent crime most often hit
people in their teens and early twenties. Blacks were victims of violent crimes
more often than whites or people of other races. A look violent crime per 1,000
people 12 and older:

SEX
Males           40
Females         23

AGE
12-15          63
16-19          91
20-24          75
25-34          35
35-49          20
50-64          10
65 and older    4

RACE
White         30
Black         44
Other         28

INCOME Less than $ 7,500 59
$ 7,500-$ 9,999     42
$ 10,000-$ 14,999   43
$ 15,000-$ 24,999   31
$ 25,000-$ 29,999   32
$ 30,000-$ 49,999   25
$ 50,000 or more   20

RESIDENCE
Urban             44

1,000,000 or more 39
500,000-999,999   50
250,000-499,000   54
50,000-249,999    38
Suburban          26
Rural             25

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Nick Galifianakis, USA TODAY, Source: Justice Department
(Bar graph)

WASHINGTON; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 9, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Should it be a crime for media to publish names of rape victims?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 358 words


Laura Plizka, 25
Magazine editor
Oak Creek, Wis.

It should not be a crime, and it should not be a question of privacy, because
rape is a crime that happens not only to women. It happens to men, too. It's not
always the victim's fault. Publication may not only help the victim through the
crisis, but other people may also benefit and learn from the situation.

Dale Dudeck, 30
Entrepreneur
Seminole, Fla.

It's an invasion of privacy, and another form of victimization. When victims
come forth to report the crime, they want discretion and protection, not
publicity. It's not like they were in a car accident. Publishing names won't
prevent rapes. I can see the incident being published, but not the victim's
name.

Tim Arnold, 31
Sales
Simsbury, Conn.

It shouldn't be a crime to publish the names, but I think the media should use
discretion. I'm not opposed to printing the name of the criminal, people should
know that a crime was committed. Rape is not like any other crime. In the
Kennedy situation, it was in poor taste to publish the victim's name.

Susan Estrich, 38
Rape victim, author
Los Angeles, Calif.

Government shouldn't be in the business of telling newspapers what to print. I
don't think the media should name rape victims without their consent. The First
Amendment protects news organizations even when they're unwise and do harm. We
have a right to expect a free press also to be a responsible one.

Marilyn Foulkes, 48
Homemaker
Indianapolis, Ind.

It's a very private matter, and there's no need for that kind of publicity,
especially if it's without the person's permission. It's a violation of the
victim's rights. It might stop others from reporting such crimes if they know
their names will be published after that type of assault. It should be against
the law.

Robert E. Cousins, 53
Planner
Richmond Va.

The name of the victim ought to remain sealed unless someone is charged. If
there's a trial, then the name may come out. Why slander the woman? That's
another form of harassment of the alleged victim. The victim has already been
victimized. Spreading her name accomplishes nothing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; b/w (6)

TYPE: Debate; Voices

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 25, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

3% Drop Estimated in Nation's Crime Rate

Sharon LaFraniere, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A7

LENGTH: 328 words


The Justice Department yesterday estimated that the nationwide crime rate fell
by about 3 percent last year, largely because of a decrease in minor thefts.

The rate for most major crimes either remained about the same or declined
slightly, according to estimates developed from the department's annual survey
of victims.

The exceptions were motor vehicle theft, which rose by an estimated 19 percent,
and rape, which was estimated to have fallen by the same percentage. Homicides,
which reached a record 23,000 last year, were not included in the survey.

The National Crime Survey is sometimes used as an alternative to the FBI's
Uniform Crime Reports because it estimates all crime, including incidents not
reported to police.

In conducting the survey, interviewers with the Census Bureau asked 97,000
people in 48,000 homes about crimes they experienced during the previous six
months. Analysts also collected data on crimes reported to the police.

Steven D. Dillingham, director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, said the
overall decrease results largely from a decline in thefts in which the thief has
no contact with the victim. Such offenses include theft of belongings from
public places or unattended vehicles, Dillingham said.

The rate of thefts in which the offender and victim have contact -- a less
common offense -- rose by an estimated 13 percent. The rate of assaults and
robberies remained about the same, according to the survey.

Alfred Blumstein, a criminologist at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh,
questioned the statistical significance of the reported decline in rape, the
least common crime on the survey. The rape statistics "are the least reliable
because they get so relatively few of them that just year-to-year sampling
variations can make that fluctuate dramatically," Blumstein said.

A study by the Senate Judiciary Committee issued last week estimated that rapes
increased nationwide by 6.3 percent last year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                       May 5, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

Va. Crime Rate Steady, Report Says;
State Bucks Trend of Increase in Violent Offenses in 12-Year Period

BYLINE: Pierre Thomas, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C7

LENGTH: 525 words


Virginia's rate of violent crime remained constant from 1972 to 1987, a trend
that contrasts with reports of escalating incidences of violent crime nationally
and in the region, according to new state study.

The Virginia Department of Criminal Justice report noted that the 1987 rate of
violent crime (296 crimes per 100,000 population) was about the same as the 1972
rate of 298 crimes per 100,000.

The report said that the violent crime rate in the state in 1987 was half that
of the national average and less than a third of Maryland's. Bordering states
such as Tennessee, North Carolina and Kentucky have generally seen steady
increases in their rates of violent crime during the 16-year period, but
"Virginia has remained remarkably stable," said Rick Kern, the director of the
study.

"In light of population increases and urbanization of some areas, I would have
thought that the rate would have gone up," said Lane Kneedler, Virginia chief
deputy attorney general and former law professor at the University of Virginia.
"What it tells me is that some of the things that the criminal justice system
has been doing may be working."

Charlie T. Deane, Prince William County police chief, suggested that one reason
for stability is that most of the state's population growth has been in Northern
Virginia, a relatively affluent area that has not experienced significant
increases in violent crime despite its growth.

The report addresses trends throughout the state and examines how the state's
criminal justice system has responded to violent crime: murders, nonnegligent
manslaughter, rape, robbery and aggravated assault.

Although the overall 1987 Virginia violent crime rate falls well below the
national rate of nearly 600 per 100,000, some of the commonwealth's more densely
populated urban areas have signficantly higher rates than the state average and
in some cases the U.S. average.

For example, Richmond, the capital, had a violent crime rate in 1987 of 1,288
per 100,000, double the national average.

Alexandria ranked fourth in the state with a violent crime rate of 727 per
100,000; Arlington was 12th with 489 per 100,000; Prince William ranked 49th
with 196 per 100,000; Loudoun County ranked 64th with 155 per 100,000, and
Fairfax County ranked 68th with 148 per 100,000.

Kerns offered several reasons why the state's rate has remained relatively
constant, including:

There was not a significant increase in the proportion of young people in the
state during the study period. According to the report, "Violent crime is most
likely committed by the young." More than 45 percent of the convicted violent
offenders studied were under 25.


Sentences handed down in Virginia, which is one of six states where juries
sentence, were typically longer than those in other states. Virginia's average
rape sentence of 23 years, for example, was nearly double that of the national
average. Also, Kerns said, Virginia's rate of incarceration is higher than some
states.

However, the report shows that the actual time served by Virginia criminals was
not significantly different from criminals throughout the country.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 9, 1989, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

INDIAN-RUN BINGO TAINTED BY MOB, COMMITTEE TOLD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 680 words


WASHINGTON - Organized crime is behind at least 12 Indian-run bingo parlors
across the United States and views Indian gambling ''the same as Cuba was viewed
. . . wide open, and there are no controls,'' a former member of a crime family
testified Wednesday.  Hidden from view and with his voice electronically
altered, the witness told a special Senate committee that he had run an Indian
bingo casino in the western United States and had skimmed off at least $600,000
to $700,000 each year for the crime family.  The witness - identified only by
the false name ''Marty'' - testified as part of a yearlong investigation into
problems of fraud and corruption on Indian land.  ''Organized crime is
destroying the Indian reservations,'' he said.  ''Marty'' described several ways
that organized crime profits from backing Indian gambling. He said bingo games
were rigged with weighted balls or by awarding false prizes to confederates in
the crowd.  Money is also skimmed off the top through exorbitant salaries and
phantom workers on the payroll. He also alleged that one of the nation's largest
bingo supply companies is secretly controlled by Anthony Aceturo, a member of
the Luchese family.  ''Marty'' said he had paid the tribal chief $1,000 a week
to keep quiet about the graft. But he said most Indians were unaware of the
organized crime activity.  ''Marty'' did not identify the 12 casinos backed by
organized crime - except for the Cabazon reservation in California and a bingo
parlor in Lawton, Okla. Lawton has three parlors, and he did not name a specific
one.  ''Marty'' claimed that three organized crime organizations, the Luchese
family, the Bufalino family and the Meyer Lansky organization, had been
primarily involved in Indian gambling.  He predicted that the influence of
organized crime would spread rapidly on Indian land unless federal oversight was
increased.  A senior FBI official, testifying earlier, played down the overall
significance of the organganized crime activity on Indian reservations.
''Direct involvement by La Cosa Nostra in Indian affairs has been limited,''
said Anthony E. Daniels, an FBI deputy assistant director.  Daniels said the FBI
had evidence that organized crime was infiltrating Indian bingo games run by the
Seminoles in South Florida in the late 1970s a nd early 1980s.  But the
infiltration was interrupted when Aceturo, the crime figure involved, was
indicted in New Jersey on other charges. Daniels said he had no knowledge of
current organized crime involvement in the Seminole bingo games, which are among
the largest in the nation.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Clinch Valley Times (St. Paul, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 8, 2011

UVa-Wise ranked among safest colleges in nation bv StateUniversitv.com

BYLINE: Clinch Valley Times staff

LENGTH: 309  words


The University of Virginia's College at Wise has been named the third safest
college in the nation by StateUniversity.com, a leading website for college
information.

The Safest Schools findings are based on incidents of campus crime as reported
by campus safety officials. The 2011 rankings are available online at
http://www.stateuniversitycom/r ank/safety_score_rank.html.

As part of the Safest Schools ranking, StateUniversity.com analyzed crime
statistics for 450 colleges and universities and assigned a safety rating to
each school. Safety ratings are determined based on the number of occurrences of
aggravated assault, robbery, burglary, theft/larceny, motor vehicle theft,
forcible rape, and murder on campus, and then are weighed based on the
probability of each incident happening to each student since naturally larger
campuses would be expected to have a higher number of total incidents. Violent
crime is given more weight in the ranking system, and has a greater effect on
the safety rating than non-violent crime such as theft.

The ranking presents interesting data about which schools are safest. There is
no apparent correlation between campus crime rates and perceived academic
quality. In fact, the large state universities and prestigious colleges that are
"household names" in many parts of the country are scattered all over the list.

The top 10 safest schools nationwide are: l)Arkansas State University, Beebe
Campus, Beebe, AR 2) Louisiana State University, Eunice, LA 3) The University of
Virginia's College at Wise, Wise, VA 4) Lake Land College, Mattoon, IL 5)
Central Texas College, Killeen, TX 6) Delgado Community College, New Orleans, LA
7) Erskine College and Seminary, Dae West, SC 8) Southern University at New
Orleans, New Orleans, LA 9) Virginia Western Community College, Roanoke, VA 10)
Edison State College, Fort Myers, FL

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Clinch Valley Times


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

Oroville's No. 2 crime rating debunked

BYLINE: By MARY WESTON - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 838 words


OROVILLE   An Internet newspaper compilation of Federal Bureau of Investigation
crime data for 2010 found Oroville with the second highest violent crime rate
per capita in California.

But the Oroville police chief says it's a reporting problem, not a crime
problem.

The FBI compiles crime data for cities every year based on reports from law
enforcement agencies.

San Francisco Business Times compiled a summary of the FBI data for violent
crimes in its Sept. 20 Internet edition, and wrote an article dubbing Oroville
as the second most dangerous city in the state.

Statewide, the article claimed the most violent cities were Oakland, followed by
Oroville, Desert Hot Springs, Compton and Stockton.

There are a number of oddities in the rankings. Nevada City is eighth worst, and
Red Bluff (15th) and Grass Valley (19th) rank worse than Sacramento at 22nd. Los
Angeles is 88th. San Jose, 201st.

Paradise at 161st is ranked more dangerous than Chico at 235th. Marysville is
45th while Yuba City, just across the Feather River, is much safer at 195th.

Oroville Police Chief Bill LaGrone said comparing Oroville's reported crimes
with crimes other cities report gives an inaccurate picture because there are
too many variables involved.

For example, would you feel safer walking in Stockton than in Oroville, he
asked.

"It's an unfair comparison," LaGrone said at the Oroville Mercury-Register
office on Tuesday.

The FBI collects data on violent crimes for cities from reports submitted by
police departments on what crimes they responded to in a particular year.

LaGrone said all law enforcement agencies do not respond to the same types of
crimes.

Larger or under-staffed agencies sometimes have to decide not to respond to
certain crimes, so a report is not generated. Oroville police respond to many
smaller assaults a big city department would not respond to, he said.

The FBI acknowledges that in a 2009 report "Variables Affecting Crime," and
warns the news media against using the data for articles comparing cities' crime
rates.

"One city may report more crime than a comparable one, not because there is more
crime, but rather because its law enforcement agency, through proactive efforts,
identifies more offenses," the FBI report states.

The Oroville Police Department's average response to crimes of violence in
progress averages three minutes, he said, which is well below the national
average.

A crime of violence can be anything involving physical contact.

In addition, before the Police Department installed a new Computer Assisted
Dispatch and Record Management System on Sept. 19, all criminal violence
whether it resulted in a black eye or a major injury   was reported as an
aggravated assault.

The old reporting system generated the crime data used for the 2010 FBI report.
Oroville suffered 181 aggravated assaults, 26 robberies, 10 forcible rapes and
one murder, which added to a total of 218 violent crimes.

These reported crimes calculated against a population of 14,718 (rather than the
actual population of 15,546) pushed Oroville's violent crimes to 14.8 per 1,000
residents, which was the second highest per capita rate in the state.

The FBI itself cautions against using the data for articles like the San
Francisco Business Times.

This cautionary note was included in a 2010 press release at
www2.fbi.gov/pressrel/ pressrel.htm:

"Each year when 'Crime in the United States' is published, some entities use the
figures to compile rankings of cities and counties. These rough rankings provide
no insight into the numerous variables that mold crime in a particular town,
city, county, state, tribal area, or region. Consequently, they lead to
simplistic and/or incomplete analyses that often create misleading perceptions
adversely affecting communities and their residents. Valid assessments are
possible only with careful study and analysis of the range of unique conditions
affecting each local law enforcement jurisdiction."

In the Sept. 28 edition of Huff Post San Francisco, the Internet newspaper went
so far as to speculate about Oroville:

"Much of the crime in Oroville can be attributed to the drug trade in an area
notorious for crystal meth," the Huff Post claimed. "The city is also home to
significant gang activity inside its sizable Hmong population."

LaGrone called this irresponsible journalism because it repeats stereotypes
about Oroville that are simply not true.

LaGrone said the department's new crime reporting system will allow crimes to be
reported as either simple or aggravated assaults, which will result in a lower
crime ranking next year.

The police chief hopes the community realizes that each police officer works
diligently to pursue criminals, and he urges the community to support its police
officers.

LaGrone said the report was disheartening, but it will not change the
department's response policy.

"The Oroville Police Department has and will continue to respond to all types of
calls for service," LaGrone said.

Staff writer Mary Weston can be reached at 533-3135 or mweston@orovillemr.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday

Crime stats: Border cities show declines

BYLINE: El Paso Times Editorial Board

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 360 words


Despite El Paso's proximity to Ju?rez -- often called the most violent city in
the world -- the FBI's Uniform Crime Reports (UCR) show that crime in this city
generally declined during 2009 from figures in 2008.

FBI statistics show that the same holds true for five other major border cities.
The UCR tracks eight crimes -- murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault
(violent crime), and burglary, larceny, auto theft and arson (property crime).

El Paso wasn't perfect. There was one more rape and 13 more aggravated assaults.
But the other six categories showed declines.

The crime reports meshes nicely with El Paso's designation as the second-safest
major city in the United States. Both are testimony to the superior job being
done by El Paso law enforcement agencies.

Recognition also is due for the El Pasoans who help law enforcement, either
individually or through organizations such as Neighborhood Watch. El Paso
residents can help the police by being their eyes and ears in the neighborhoods,
and can alert law enforcement agencies to suspicious people or situations. That
helps in a big way to keep the city safe.

Of course, the crime figures for El Paso are a stark contrast to the mayhem in
Mexico. And it also indicates that the blood-letting just across the border
hasn't permeated to El Paso.

The benefits of declining crime are obvious when it comes to keeping people
safe. But acquiring the reputation of being a safe city, and being able to back
it up with statistics, also helps El Paso's image in the rest of the country. It
could even be a positive factor for people and businesses considering locating
or relocating in El Paso.

It's too soon to say that the crime statistics indicate that the border is
secure. There's a lot of open spaces between the border cities in the report --
Chula Vista, Calif,. Tucson, El Paso, Laredo, McAllen and Brownsville. There are
different security concerns in those spaces.

However, the UCR statistics should be reassuring to residents of the cities
mentioned. And those statistics provide a challenge to both law enforcement
entities and civilians in those ares: Keep up the good work and improve on those
figures.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                              June 24, 2002 Monday

Report: Crime on rise;
Murder, robbery spark U.S. hike

BYLINE: FROM WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: FRONT PAGE

LENGTH: 550 words


The rate of serious crimes such as homicide and robbery has risen in the United
States for the first time in almost a decade, fueled by increases in many large
cities but tempered by a sharp decline in New York City, according to statistics
to be reported today by the FBI.

The nation's overall crime rate rose by 2 percent in 2001, according to the
report, which was released yesterday by New York officials trumpeting an
eight-year decline in the state in most major crimes tracked annually by the
FBI.

In Washington, a law enforcement said the number of murders in the United States
rose by 3.1 percent last year. The official, speaking on condition of anonymity
about contents of an annual report by the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Program,
said the document will reflect more robberies, burglaries and car thefts.

Statistics from the report were reported by The Washington Post, which said it
had obtained a copy. The newspaper said the latest release shows crime reports
in suburban areas overall were up 2.2 percent.

Regionally, only the Northeast showed a drop in crime, it said. The largest
increase was in the West, followed by the South and Midwest, the newspaper said.

The FBI report excluded the more than 3,000 deaths from the Sept. 11 terror
attacks. Citing the report, the Post said had those deaths been counted as
homicides, the number of murders would have increased by 26 percent from 2000.

Congressional interest: The reversal of nine years of declining crime numbers is
certain to generate considerable interest in Con- gress, as well among the law
enforcement community.

Moreover, it comes at a time the FBI is shifting from a focus on traditional
crimes in favor of efforts to track down terrorists.

Criminologists have been warning for some time that surges in the numbers of
teenagers and released prisoners, along with recent economic declines,
threatened a return to rising crime.

The Post said most of the increase in 2001 was driven by jumps in various
property crimes, led by car thefts at 6 percent, while the overall number of
violent crimes rose by less than 1 percent.

It said, however, that the number of crimes rose in every category except
aggravated assault. Crime experts said the rises in murders and robberies were
particularly alarming because of the severe impact they have on neighborhoods
and communities.

Cities: Homicides increased sharply in many U.S. cities last year, including a
jump of 67 percent in Boston and double-digit percentage spikes in Houston,
Atlanta, St. Louis and Phoenix, the newspaper said. Murders also increased at
smaller rates in Chicago and Los Angeles but continued to decline in New York
City, excluding the victims of the World Trade Center attack.

"Americans were getting along much better with each other during the 1990s,"
said Andrew Karmen, a professor of sociology at John Jay College of Criminal
Justice in Manhattan. "Many of the cities that enjoyed big drops in the 1990s
are now suffering from a rebound, with New York City being the big exception."

The report's data are considered preliminary until the final statistics are
issued in October and reflect the incidence of homicide, rape, robbery,
aggravated assault, burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft reported to police
nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 York Newspapers, Inc.


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 27, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

STATE SAYS REPORTED CRIMES DROPPED 4% LAST YEAR

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 26


The number of reported crimes in New York State declined by 4 percent last year,
reaching the lowest level in at least nine years, according to a report released
today by the State Division of Criminal Justice Services.

The findings - based on preliminary figures for cities and towns with
populations of more than 25,000 - showed a 10.2 percent drop in murder, from
1,773 in 1983 to 1,593. Reported burglaries also declined 10.2 percent.

Overall, violent crime remained unchanged, the report found, although forcible
rape increased 5.6 percent and reports of aggravated assault rose 9.7.

The division said the levels were the lowest since it began keeping records
under the current system, in 1975.

In New York City, murders fell 10.6 percent, from 1,622 in 1983 to 1,450.
Violent crime in the city - which the division described as murder, forcible
rape, robbery or aggravated assault - remained about the same. There were
132,653 in 1983 and 132,292 last year.

The Commissioner of Criminal Justice Services, Richard J. Condon, said crime in
the state has been steadily falling since 1981. He attributed the decline to
fewer men between the ages of 18 and 25, a group that has historically accounted
for the most crime. He also cited improved police work and increases in the
lengths of prison sentences.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Violent crime on the rise in California;
Numbers rise across nation, too, but are still low compared to past

BYLINE: Roxana Kopetman and Chris Haire; Staff writers

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 689 words

ABSTRACT

SBS-L-CRIMERATES

FULL TEXT

Violent crimes increased in California and across the nation in the last year
but continue to remain well below historic peaks, according to FBI data released
Monday.

Murder increased nearly 11 percent nationwide. In California, it was 9.5
percent, according to data provided by local law enforcement agencies to the
FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Program, which compiles data on murders,
aggravated assault, car thefts and other crimes.

UC Irvine Professor Charis Kubrin, of the department of criminology, law and
society, cautioned that the numbers may look alarming but "there's no evidence
of a national homicide wave."

Instead, crime trends have held steady, she said.

"It is important to remember that at the end of the day, even with this
increase, we are still lower than 30 years ago," Kubrin

said. "In California, if you look at major cities with populations over 400,000,
the state has fared pretty well."

Los Angeles, for example, saw an uptick in 2015 in murders from the year before,
but the rate has remained at seven murders per 100,000 residents. By comparison,
Kubrin noted, the murder rate in Chicago, Milwaukee, Philadelphia and other
cities is much higher.

A study released last week by the Brennan Center for Justice at New York
University School of Law analyzed crime data from the 30 largest cities in 2015
and found that crime overall remained the same as in 2014, but murder had
increased by 14 percent. Three cities - Baltimore, Chicago and Washington, D.C.
- were responsible for half of that increase.

Nationwide, agencies reported a nearly 4 percent increase in the number of
violent crimes and a 2.6 percent decrease in the estimated number of property
crimes for 2015, compared to the previous year.

California's violent and property crime rates increased by about 8 percent each
in 2015 compared with 2014.

"It is not uncommon for crime rates to 'bounce around' a bit, and given that we
remain at historically low levels of crime, I wouldn't be too concerned," George
Tita, a UC Irvine professor of criminology, law and society, said in an email.

In California, the rate per 100,000 people increased to 426.3 from 396.1 for
violent crimes.

The FBI statistics, in some cases, painted an incomplete picture of crime in the
Inland Empire.

The FBI websitelisted 18 homicides in San Bernardino County in 2015. However,
sheriff's spokeswoman Jodi Miller said those represented only homicides in
unincorporated areas and did not include homicides in cities patrolled by the
Sheriff's Department under contract.

The state Attorney General listed 109 homicides in San Bernardino County in 2015
and 110 in 2014. The city of San Bernardino reported 44 to the FBI in 2015.

The FBI website also listed 12 homicides in Riverside County "as reported by the
sheriff's office or county police department."

The state Attorney General's office listed 87 homicides in the county in 2015
and 93 in 2014. The FBI said Riverside and Hemet each had 10.

Overall, crime in sheriff-patrolled areas of Riverside County climbed 7.4
percent in 2015 over 2014, according to the sheriff's department.

Violent crime - homicide, rape, robbery and aggravated assault - increased 6.6
percent in Riverside County's unincorporated areas and in 17 cities that
contract with the sheriff's department for law enforcement.

In San Bernardino, violent crime increased 5.4 percent in 2015, according to
data from Sheriff John McMahon's annual report.

McMahon added a fifth homicide team in August 2015 to investigate deaths and
follow up on leads.

In Riverside and San Bernardino counties, the most common crime, larceny,
increased more than 10 percent in 2015 over 2014, according to the state
Attorney General.

The number of violent crimes reported in Riverside increased by 4 percent, and
by 3.7 percent in Ontario. Property crimes in those cities increased by 6.8
percent and 11 percent, respectively.

In this year's report, FBI Director James Comey said the agency is working
toward developing a database chronicling incidents of police use of force.

Staff writers Brian Rokos, Joshua Sudock and Jeff Collins contributed to this
report.


LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday

FBI report: Violent crime numbers drop in Erie

BYLINE: Tim Hahn, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 761 words


Oct. 04--ERIE, Pa. -- Erie has again bucked a national trend in the number of
violent crimes reported to city police.

But this time it's good news.

Data recently released by the FBI in its annual "Crime in the United States"
report shows that the number of violent crimes reported to the Erie Bureau of
Police in 2014 -- 406 -- decreased by about 11 percent from the number reported
in 2013. That's significantly better than the national average, which was a
decrease of 0.2 percent, the FBI reported.

The FBI previously reported a 4.4 percent drop in violent crime nationwide in
2013, and a 0.7 percent increase in 2012. Erie's violent crime reports dropped
by one incident between 2012 and 2013, and they increased by about 6 percent
between 2011 and 2012, according to agency data.

Aggravated assaults accounted for nearly two-thirds of the estimated 1.165
million violent crimes reported to law enforcement agencies nationwide in 2014;
robberies accounted for 28 percent, and homicides -- listed in the report as
murder and nonnegligent manslaughter -- accounted for 1.2 percent. Homicides
dropped by 0.5 percent nationwide from 2013, according to the report.

Homicides in Erie jumped from three in 2013 to 10 in 2014. Aggravated assaults
also increased, from 219 in 2013 to 248 in 2014, according to the report. The
charted violent crime incidents that decreased in Erie were rapes, down 13
percent; and robberies, down 45 percent.

Violent crime in Pennsylvania was down 6.2 percent statewide in 2014, the FBI
reported. The state's largest city, Philadelphia, reported 15,925 violent crimes
, including 248 homicides. Pittsburgh reported 2,455 violent crimes, including
69 homicides; and Allentown, the state's third-largest city by a little more
than 8,000 residents over Erie, reported 611 violent crimes, including nine
homicides, according to the FBI's data.

Communities smaller than Erie that had higher numbers of violent crimes reported
to police in 2014 were Chester (523), with 34,056 residents and 99 police
officers; Darby (412), with 10,687 residents and 17 officers; Harrisburg (547),
with 49,109 residents and about 145 officers; and Reading (760), with 87,848
residents and 168 officers, according to information in the FBI's report.

"I think it's pretty well-known nationally that violent crime is down, and it
appears Erie's numbers for 2014 will be in line with the national trend," said
Erie police Chief Randy Bowers, who oversees a department of 173 officers. "If
you are going to look at the numbers, it is certainly favorable to see our
violent crime numbers are down by 51 (reported incidents)."

Bowers noted, however, that shots-fired calls do not show up in the Uniform
Crime Reporting Program, which charts the crime data supplied by law
enforcement. There were 375 confirmed shots-fired calls investigated by Erie
police in 2014, according to the bureau.

"That's what we've been concentrating our efforts on, and I think perhaps the
lower numbers of violent crime in Erie could be contributed to that enforcement
effort," he said.

Bowers also noted that city police continue to work at getting guns off the
streets, and said the seizure of 175 guns in 2014 might also be a factor in the
drop in violent crime.

Erie police have been working to reduce incidents of gun violence over the past
several years and recently made some operational adjustments to better combat
the problem in the wake of several fatal shootings, including the deaths of two
teenage boys who were shot in a crowded westside neighborhood in July. Bowers
said those initiatives, which included adding more members to the bureau's
Neighborhood Action Team and partnering with other law enforcement agencies, are
still in place.

"I think we've seen a reduction in shots fired, but we know that we can't get
lulled to sleep because of a quiet period. We continue to target those we feel
are most likely to commit violence with firearms," he said.

The FBI's report also charts reported property crime, which it said decreased by
4.3 percent nationwide in 2014. The number of property crimes reported to Erie
police dropped nearly 18 percent in 2014, with burglaries down 24 percent;
thefts down about 14 percent; and motor vehicle thefts down about 24 percent.
Reported arsons in the city increased by about 62 percent, according to the
report.

TIM HAHN can be reached at 870-1731 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNhahn.

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151004-EI-FBI-report-Violent-crime-numbers-drop-in-Erie-1004-20151004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             August 7, 2011 Sunday

Our View: Chance to reform three-strikes law

SECTION: LOCAL; Opinion

LENGTH: 403 words


THE recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling mandating that California reduce its prison
population by 30,000, along with the high cost of incarceration, have put great
pressure on state officials to find ways to find a solution.

Also, public attitudes toward sentencing are changing largely because of the
state's budget crunch. As a result, public support for the state's three-strikes
law is waning.

In a recent poll, 60 percent of respondents said they would support reducing
life sentences for prisoners whose third strike was for a property crime or
theft. This change of attitude opens the door for needed reform of the
three-strikes law.

Nearly half of the 40,000-plus inmates serving time in state prison for a second
or third strike did not commit a serious or violent crime. The law needs to be
reformed to limit second and third strikes to serious and violent crimes.

California then would be able to reduce its prison population by several
thousand inmates. That would not solve the overcrowding situation by itself, but
it would be a significant step in the right direction - without endangering
public safety.

A study by Robert Parker, a professor at the University of California,
Riverside, concluded that California's three-strikes law has had little or
nothing to do with the state's decreasing violent crime rate. He found that
crime patterns in California and other states with similar laws were no
different from violent crime rates in states without such laws.

There is another problem with the law besides its questionable impact on crime
rates: It is applied quite differently from county to county.

In San Diego, Los Angeles and Riverside counties, second- and third-strike
arrest rates are several times greater than in Contra Costa, Alameda and San
Francisco counties.

This discrepancy is largely because of district attorneys' and judges'
discretion on when to apply the law. If the law were limited to serious/violent
crimes, it is likely that the discrepancy would be sharply reduced.

Also, the state would be able to save hundreds of millions of dollars a year and
still keep dangerous criminals behind bars.

Three Strikes can serve a useful purpose in giving long sentences to those who
repeatedly commit serious and violent crimes. But it makes little sense from an
economic, fairness or public safety viewpoint to incarcerate someone for decades
or life for a second or third nonserious, nonviolent crime.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           January 21, 2010 Thursday

'Need' for new JSO officers in doubt with crime falling

BYLINE: RONALD L. LITTLEPAGE

SECTION: RONALD L. LITTLEPAGE; Pg. C-7

LENGTH: 514 words


Last year, New York City recorded its fewest murders on record.

The murder rate there dropped to six per 100,000 people, about half of what it
was in Jacksonville in 2009.

Overall, The New York Times reported, major crimes such as murder, rape, robbery
and auto theft were down 11 percent.

Across the country in Los Angeles, murders dropped by 17 percent in the city and
by 25 percent in the county.

Overall, major crimes were down there as well - by 10 percent.

I bring this up to put in perspective the crime figures Sheriff John Rutherford
touted in year-end interviews.

Murders in Jacksonville in 2009 were down about 20 percent, Rutherford said,
other violent crimes by 15 percent and property crimes by 10 percent.

As reasons for the reductions, Rutherford cited having more police officers,
more community involvement and a new top prosecutor, Angela Corey.

Rutherford takes every chance he can to pummel former State Attorney Harry
Shorstein, so it's not surprising that he's pumping up the performance of Corey.

But unless Corey is having a heckuva impact nationwide, what's the explanation
for crime dropping in Florida and across the country?

There are a number of theories:

While you would think crime would go up during a deep recession, criminologists
say that historically that's not the case going back to the Great Depression.

George Kelling, a criminal justice scholar at Rutgers University, told the Los
Angeles Times that one reason might be that because of layoffs, more people are
at home and serving as "guardians" in their neighborhoods.

Michael Hallett, the chairman of the Department of Criminology and Criminal
Justice at the University of North Florida, said this about crime during a bad
economy:

"Domestic violence goes up, but opportunity crimes go down with decreased
circulation of people out at night, decreased money flowing through the markets,
including the illicit drug markets.

"Turf battles are less intense over territory, and there are fewer arrests,
meaning 'snitching' violence decreases as well."

And James Alan Fox, a criminologist at Northeastern University, offered this
suggestion to The Associated Press as to why crime rates are dropping - the
country's aging population.

"As the over-50 population grows, crime goes down," Fox said.

About the drop in auto thefts, which Rutherford attributes to a new law that
makes it difficult to dispose of stolen cars, a police commander offered a
different explanation to the Los Angeles Times for a similar reduction in that
city.

"Vehicles are getting much harder to steal," Andy Smith told the Times. "A few
years back, with all of the old American cars, it just took a screwdriver and
some yanking. Any joy-rider could walk down the street and rip off a car."

None of this is to suggest that the increased community involvement and smarter
policing that Rutherford touts aren't important.

But adding more and more officers to the department, which already eats up
one-third of the city's budget, may not be necessary if there are other reasons
for crime rates falling.

ron.littlepage@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4284

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 18, 2008 Friday

New: MercuryNews.com South Bay, San Francisco and East Bay interactive
neighborhood crime map

BYLINE: Mercury News

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Crime; News; Business; Entertainment

LENGTH: 135 words


Wondering about crime in your neighborhood? Check our new interactive map.

MercuryNews.com has partnered with CrimeReports.com to pinpoint reports of
crimes in Bay Area neighborhoods at www.mercurynews.com/crimereports .

You can search by location and type of crime, from vehicle and other property
thefts, to assaults, sex crimes and breaking and entering. The map shows crimes
reported during the last 14 days, but you can adjust the time frame.

Currently, crime reports from the following Bay Area police departments are
mapped: Burlingame, Contra Costa County Sheriff, Danville, El Cerrito, Fremont,
Gilroy, Los Altos, Los Gatos/Monte Sereno, Novato, Oakland, Oakley, Orinda, Palo
Alto, Pinole, San Francisco, San Jose, San Jose State University, San Ramon,
Santa Clara, Santa Clara County Sheriff and Sunnyvale.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday
                    Flagler/palm Coast News-tribune Edition

READERS WRITE

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 511  words


Crime statistics don't bear out Tanner's death-penalty defense

Re "Prosecutor to seek death penalty for Flagler County man, woman,"
(News-Tribune, June 20);

State Attorney John Tanner says "As long as the State of Florida has the (death)
penalty and it's applied judiciously, it will save lives." Tanner is either
stupid or means to stultify an already thought-challenged public.

According to the FBI's records, "In 2004, 46.3 percent of violent crime in the
nation was cleared by arrest or exceptional means. Typical of the violent
offenses, murder had the highest percentage of offenses cleared. In 2004, law
enforcement agencies cleared 62.6 percent of murders, 55.6 percent of aggravated
assaults, 41.8 percent of forcible rapes, and 26.2 percent of robberies"
(http:// www.fbi.gov/ucr/cius_04/offenses_reported/violent_crime/ index.html).

For the thinking and aware criminal, this means that s/he has a 50-50 chance of
not being caught. Even at a 60-40 chance, the carefully thinking criminal has
extremely good odds of getting away with the crime.

Clearance for the FBI means that someone, not necessarily the culprit, has been
sent to court for the crime. The seriously thinking criminal's chances improve
since not all court cases lead to convictions. Would not a belief in a highly
likely administration of penalties be necessary for deterrence to work? So,
where is the deterrence for the seriously thinking and highly motivated
criminal, Mr. Tanner? And let's recall that "deterrere" is a Latin word meaning
to "scare or frighten away from something." The odds of getting away with it are
significantly better for the culprit than being a winner in Florida's lottery
scam.

In 2004, Florida had 123,754 violent crimes, according to The Disaster Center at
http://www.disastercenter.com/crime/; that comes out to 711.8 for each 100,000
population, according to the same source.

Alaska, Hawaii, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, North Dakota,
Rhode Island, Vermont, West Virginia, and Wisconsin, all do not have the death
penalty. The following are the rates for violent crime for each 100,000
population for these states: Alaska, 632.3; Hawaii, 254.6; Iowa, 287.8; Maine,
103.7; Massachusetts, 458.8; Michigan, 492.2; Minnesota, 269.8; North Dakota,
87.7; Rhode Island, 247.5; Vermont, 114.8; West Virginia, 272.8; and Wisconsin,
209.8.

Why is it that all states without the death penalty have fewer violent crimes
than does Florida, which is a state with the death penalty? And according to Mr.
Tanner, Florida is saving lives as a consequence of its judicious use of the
death penalty. Of course, I'm also puzzled how a judicious use contrasts with an
injudicious use. But I suppose I'll wait for Mr. Tanner to unleash some
brilliant expose when he clarifies the statistics of saving lives with the death
penalty.

Just a footnote here: In the European Union, any member nation must commit to
not using capital punishment. The violent-crime rate in the European Union is
significantly lower than it is in the United States.

REINHOLD SCHLIEPER

Palm Coast

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             March 23, 2007 Friday

STATE'S CRIME RANKING FACES LOCAL SCRUTINY

BYLINE: NATALIE STOREY

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 518 words


New report puts New Mexico as second most dangerous in the country

Ranking: Crime rates much better now than 20 or 30 years ago

New Mexico ranked as the second most dangerous state in the country, according
to a recent report, but local experts say the research methods might be flawed.

Morgan Quitno Press, a private research and publishing company in Lawrence,
Kan., issued its report Thursday. New Mexico was No. 2 behind Nevada, which was
named the most dangerous state, while North Dakota was ranked the safest.

Morgan Quitno compared rates in different categories of violent crime -- such as
homicide, rape and assault -- to national averages, according to the company's
president, Scott Morgan. The numbers came from the FBI's uniform crime
statistics for 2005.

Grouping violent crimes together for ranking purposes could be a problem, said
Tim Wadsworth, a sociology professor at The University of New Mexico. The
ratings are dependent on how often certain crimes are reported, he said. Rape
and assault, two crimes used to tabulate the rating, are often underreported. In
addition, each type of crime is given the same weight.

"If you just clump together all violent crime it's going to be almost entirely
driven by assault because that is the most common crime," Wadsworth said. "And
that is driven by how often that type of crime is reported."

The report says New Mexico had the second highest aggravated assault rate, at
541.1 assaults per 100,000 people, and the second highest rate of rape, at 54.1
per 100,000 people. That compares to a national rate of 291.1 aggravated
assaults per 100,000 people and

31.7 rapes.

In Santa Fe in 2005, four homicides, 24 adult rapes and 31 child rapes were
reported.

Wadsworth said a state's homicide rate is a better statistic because few
homicides go unreported. New Mexico's homicide rate was 7.4 per 100,000 people,
while the national rate is 5.4 per 100,000 people. That makes New Mexico the
sixth worst in the country, according to Morgan.

John Wheeler, Gov. Bill Richardson's crime adviser, said the methodology of the
study was questionable and added that murder should not be weighted the same as
a crime like auto theft.

"Auto theft is undoubtedly important, and I bet if your car is stolen, you are
really mad about it, but I just don't think you can equate that with murder or
rape," Wheeler said.

Morgan said he compared New Mexico to Louisiana because Louisiana historically
has had high rates of crime in its rural areas as well as in major population
centers. He said he believes the same thing might be true for New Mexico.

Wadsworth said people often lose sight of the fact that crime rates are much
better now than they were 20 or 30 years ago. He said in the 1990s, crime went
down nationally, but it seems to have ticked upward in the past few years. He
said poverty contributes to New Mexico's crime rates.

"Poverty is traditionally one of our strongest indicators of crime," he said.
"High rates of child poverty combined with a problematic educational system, ...
those are some things that would set New Mexico apart."

Contact Natalie Storey at 986-3026.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. (Graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The New Mexican


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 8, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Rules rein in inequality

BYLINE: F. James Sensenbrenner Jr.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 410 words

Today's debate: Mandatory criminal sentences

Opposing view: Consistent sentences are being handed down throughout nation.

During the past 20 years, Congress and state legislatures have dramatically
altered their approaches to fighting crime. Tough sentences were implemented,
along with laws to provide truth in sentencing and abolish parole -- all aimed
at taking dangerous criminals off the streets.


Laws such as California's three-strikes-and-you're-out provision protect the
public by putting career criminals out of business. Do thrice-convicted felons
really deserve a fourth opportunity to prey upon the public?

In fact, these smart policies have played a significant role in reducing the
nation's violent crime rate to its lowest level since 1973, preventing millions
from becoming victims of crimes and making possible a fair administration of
justice.

Under our system of government, Congress and state legislatures -- as the
elected representatives of the American people -- write the laws. Judges are
required to follow those laws as written by the legislatures, rather than go by
what they believe the laws should be.

Previously, wide judicial discretion fostered unfairness and inequality in
sentencing in the federal court system. Committing a federal crime in Richmond,
Va., frequently led to a dramatically different punishment from committing the
same crime in Richmond, Calif. Congress acted and limited -- but did not
eliminate -- judicial discretion in sentencing to ensure fairness and equity in
judicial sentencing.

If judges have carte blanche to impose sentences, any standard of consistency is
eliminated. Widely disparate sentences for similar drug crimes are just as
unfair as disparate sentences for similar "white-collar" crimes. Confidence in
our justice system suffers, and justice is not served.

Mandatory minimum sentences ensure sentencing consistency. In addition, they
reflect society's determination that a particular crime is serious, and
guarantee that any infraction will be treated as such.

Congress and the states will continue to debate and fine-tune the proper balance
between discretion and uniformity in sentencing, as well as how best to protect
the public. However, we must not retreat from the effective policies that have
dramatically reduced crime and made our streets safer.

***

F. James Sensenbrenner Jr., R-Wis., is chairman of the House Judiciary
Committee.

LOAD-DATE: July 08, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    February 8, 2004 Sunday Michigan Edition

Police seek auto thief

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3; CRIME STOPPERS

LENGTH: 163 words


This week's Crime of the Week comes from the files of the Berrien County
Sheriff's Department.

Sometime after 7 p.m. on Feb. 1, a vehicle was stolen from Molly's Corner Market
on California Road in New Troy. The vehicle was described as a 2000 burgundy
Trans-Am with a North Carolina license plate.

At the time the vehicle was taken, there was a loaded Smith & Wesson handgun in
the vehicle.

The suspect left all the contents of the vehicle, except the handgun, on Hass
Road in Bertrand Township.

Crime Stoppers wants the person responsible for this automobile theft and will
pay up to $1,000 for information leading to his or her arrest. Crime Stoppers
also pays cash rewards on other felony crimes and the capture of fugitives.

The South Bend area Crime Stoppers Program serves the entire Michiana region.
Call Crime Stoppers toll-free at (800) 342-STOP. You will be given a code
number, and we won't ask your name.

Crime stoppers does not have caller ID.


LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 21, 2001 Tuesday Five Star Edition

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS; Nation Briefs Column; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 593 words


SOUTH

FRANKLIN, Ky.

Artificial heart recipient's identity is revealed

The recipient of the world's first self-contained artificial heart is a former
telephone company employee and teacher who moved to Kentucky from Colorado
hoping to receive a transplant but grew so weak that he could barely cross the
street, The Associated Press has learned.

A source who knows the patient identified him as Robert Tools, 59, who moved to
Franklin near the Kentucky-Tennessee line about five years ago.

The source confirmed that Tools had the experimental titanium-and-plastic pump
implanted in his chest July 2 at Jewish Hospital in Louisville. Jewish Hospital
and Abiomed Inc., maker of the artificial heart, have not identified the patient
except to say he is a diabetic man in his 50s with a history of heart problems.
The hospital has scheduled a news conference for today to introduce the patient.

FAIRMONT, W.Va.

Second teen is sentenced in slaying of gay man

A teen-ager pleaded guilty to murder and was sentenced to 20 years in prison
Monday in the slaying of a gay man who was beaten, kicked with steel-toe boots,
then run over four times with a car in July 2000.

Jared Matthew Wilson, 18, had been charged with helping David Allen Parker
murder Arthur "J.R." Warren, 26.

Prosecutors said Parker initiated the beating because he was angry that Warren
had revealed to friends that the two men had a sexual relationship. Parker, 18,
is serving a life sentence.

EAST

WASHINGTON

Sharpton will explore possible run at presidency

Civil rights activist Al Sharpton said Monday that he will form a committee to
explore a possible bid for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004.

"Progressive leadership is in a deep crisis at the moment in the Democratic
Party and outside," Sharpton said at a news conference. He accused the
Democratic Party of moving to the right.

He said his lifelong record of dealing with public policy makes him less of a
long shot than some others mentioned as presidential hopefuls. Sharpton said his
campaign, if he runs, would focus on reforming the criminal justice and election
systems. Sharpton unsuccessfully ran for the Senate in 1994 and for New York
City mayor in 1997.

MIDWEST

SPRINGFIELD, Mo.

Gotti is returned to solitary confinement

Former New York mob boss John Gotti was back in solitary confinement Monday
despite an attempt by his attorneys to keep him hospitalized.

Lawyers for Gotti, who is in the advanced stages of throat cancer, went to court
Monday to stop his return to the U.S. Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in
Springfield. But Gotti was sent back to the prison before a hearing could be
scheduled, said Lewis Kasman, a longtime family friend.

The reason for the move was not clear, although Gotti had been advised of his
"imminent transfer" back to prison, Kasman said.

WEST

SACRAMENTO, Calif.

Man kills five relatives, then flees with son, 3

A 27-year-old man stabbed his wife to death Monday and then drove to a home in a
nearby suburb and killed four more relatives before fleeing with his 3-year-old
son, authorities said.

Nikolay Soltys, a Ukrainian immigrant, was being sought in the slayings of his
wife, aunt and uncle, and two young cousins, Sacramento County sheriff's Sgt.
James Lewis said.

Police called by a neighbor found the body of Soltys' 27-year-old wife at their
home in North Highlands. The other victims - two adults and their grandchildren,
a 9-year-old girl and a 10-year-old boy - were found at a duplex in Rancho
Cordova, about 10 miles away.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           October 15, 1998 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Wider hate-crime law urged;
Advocacy follows beating death of gay Wyoming man

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 357 words


RALEIGH -- North Carolina should include attacks on gays and lesbians in its
hate crime law, gay and lesbian advocates said in the wake of the beating death
of a young, gay Wyoming man.

``I think it would send an important message if the federal and state statute
would be changed to include sexual orientation,'' said Wayne Lindsey, pastor of
the St. John's Metropolitan Community Church in Raleigh, whose congregation is
95 percent gay and lesbian. ``It would send a message that something will be
done if you just go out and bash people because you don't agree with the way
they live.''

In the wake of the attack, President Clinton endorsed adding sexual orientation
to the federal law covering hate crimes.

Like the federal statute, North Carolina's hate-crime law does not include
sexual orientation. It does include race, color, religion, nationality and
country of origin.

``We want hate-crime protection for sexual orientation, gender, gender identity
and disability,'' said M.K. Cullen of Pride PAC, an advocacy group for the
lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community of North Carolina.

Matthew Shepard, 21, a University of Wyoming student, who once took acting
lessons at Catawba College in Salisbury, died at a Fort Collins, Colo., hospital
Monday after spending several days in a coma. Two men have been charged with
first-degree murder.

In North Carolina, there were 52 hate crimes reported in 1995, 37 in 1996 and 42
in 1997. Most numbers from North Carolina do not include incidents involving
sexual orientation because there is no law demanding that such numbers be kept.

Rep. Mickey Michaux, D-Durham, said the Wyoming slaying will give more urgency
to amending the existing law.

``We are going to have to take a real close look at the current statute and see
what can be done,'' Michaux said. ``I think sexual orientation should have been
included some time ago.''

Some disagree.

``I don't think there should be a hate-crime bill at all because it doesn't
punish crime, only thought,'' said John Hood, president of Raleigh's John Locke
Foundation, a think tank. ``There are already laws on the books that punish
people for murder.''

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 The Durham Herald Co.


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 15, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Uniforms changing culture of the nation's classrooms

BYLINE: John Ritter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1672 words

DATELINE: LONG BEACH, Calif.


LONG BEACH, Calif. -- Four years ago, the public schools here
drew attention as the first in the nation to require students
to wear uniforms. The drumbeat for uniforms has rolled louder
ever since.

In his 1996 State of the Union speech, President Clinton urged
uniforms as a way to keep teen-agers "from killing each other
over designer jackets." The Education Department published an
Internet manual on how to adopt a uniform policy. Some of the
nation's largest districts -- New York, Los Angeles, Chicago,
Boston,

Miami-Dade County, Cleveland -- moved to put students in uniforms.
And this month, at a national summit on school violence, the U.S.
Conference of Mayors endorsed uniforms even for high school students.

But absent in the rush to uniforms has been proof they actually
promote better behavior. Now, from this melting-pot port city
of 385,000, comes hard data suggesting they do. Long Beach schools
report a 91% drop in assaults, thefts, vandalism and weapon and
drug violations since 1991. Youth crime off school grounds is
also down, as much as 30%, though police attribute that to a host
of measures including uniforms.

"Uniforms take away the No. 1 reason kids treat each other differently:
how they look," says Sgt. Joe Battle, a Long Beach juvenile officer.

Few school districts have statistics comparing crime before and
after uniforms, because most have switched in just the last year
or two.

The little available data are encouraging but inconclusive. In
Birmingham, Ala., drug and weapon incidents dropped 30% in two
years after the school board required uniforms. In Houston schools,
violent crime is down 38% in the last two years. But a study of
Miami-Dade County schools found that fights nearly doubled at
middle schools that went to uniforms, while uniforms seemed to
have stopped an alarming rise in elementary school incidents.

Nationally, no research correlates lower crime rates with uniforms.
Most evidence is anecdotal. A survey by the Educational Testing
Service found that most principals believe uniforms improve school
discipline. Officials in schools that have uniforms say they bolster
security because outsiders are easy to spot on school grounds.
When students are in uniform, fights over clothing stop. Gang
influence wanes because no one wears gang colors or gang attire.
Students feel safer walking to school.

Socio-economic lines blur. "Uniforms reduce the differences between
the haves and have-nots," says Linda Moore, principal at Will
Rogers Middle School in Long Beach.

And some educators even think uniforms contribute to higher academic
achievement because students aren't distracted by clothes -- theirs
or classmates' -- and they treat school as their job. "Kids know
they're here for business. This is their business attire just
like if they were at IBM," Moore says.

'A Band-Aid solution'?

But critics say schools need more than uniforms. "It's a Band-Aid
solution to problems -- crumbling school buildings, 10-year-old
textbooks -- that defy easy solutions," says Loren Siegel, public
education director of the American Civil Liberties Union in New
York.

In many places, uniforms are just one piece of broader reforms.
"By themselves uniforms won't make a major difference," says
Cozette Buckney, chief education officer of Chicago schools. "They're
just window dressing."

She says Chicago schools are producing better test scores because
of higher academic standards, a ban on social promotion and required
summer school for low achievers. In 1996, the school board ordered
every school to consider uniforms, and more than 80% have adopted
them.

The district has no comparative data, Buckney says, "but we're
certainly seeing a drop in disciplinary reports."

The ACLU says uniforms inhibit students' expression and has sued
schools over policies it deems too rigid. Courts usually have
upheld uniform policies. "We're not against uniforms, we're just
against them being forced down parents' throats," says Andy Brumme,
an ACLU lawyer who's fighting a mandatory policy in Lancaster
County, S.C.

Other critics say uniforms squelch a key social rite of passage.
"Clothes are a way children find out who they are, what they
are and who the others are," says Ruth Rubinstein, a sociology
professor at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York.
"Clothes are their orientation to social life, and we're taking
that away from them."

Most districts that call policies mandatory allow exceptions if
parents insist. But most families go along -- once uniforms are
de rigueur, the pressure is to conform. In Long Beach, less than
1% of students in kindergarten through eighth grade don't wear
uniforms.

In many cities, uniforms caught on after one or two schools tried
them. Poor, inner-city Whittier Elementary here adopted uniforms
in 1991, other Long Beach schools began switching over, and in
1994 the school board made them mandatory except in high school.
Now, ninth and 10th graders at Wilson Classical High are the first
in the upper grades to be in uniform. Eventually, all four grades
will be in uniform.

Chemiya Carter, a Wilson freshman, likes uniforms and says fashion
pressure can be intense outside of school. "If you aren't wearing
Nautica, Tommy Hilfiger or Ralph Lauren it's like you are less
of a person," Carter, 14, says.

Each Long Beach school picks its own uniforms and colors -- pants,
shorts and skirts one color, shirts another, but both solids.
No labels, brands or insignia are permitted except the school's,
even on shoes. The cost of outfitting a student varies, depending
on whether the family shops at a discount store or a high-end
department store.

Freshmen wearing Wilson's khaki pants and white shirts said they
hated the teasing from juniors and seniors but agreed uniforms
made life easier. They get by with four or five shirts and two
or three pairs of pants, far fewer than if they weren't in uniform.

"I'd have a lot of pants and shorts, and a lot of brand-name
shirts and like two pairs of shoes to go with each outfit," says
Holy Ly, 14.

George Berganza, 14, says: "With uniforms, you don't have to
think about competition. You don't have to think about labels
or if you're wearing something too often."

Parents most supportive

Once uniforms are ingrained, the biggest fans usually are parents.
They spend less on clothes. Their kids are less stressed over
fashion. They get out of the house faster in the morning.

"If you watch, on warm days, these high school kids are close
to coming out in bathing suits," says Charlene Ebright, whose
daughter Noelle is a 10th grader. "Really, some of the styles
now . . . ."

If civil libertarians believe forcing uniforms on kids chokes
expression, many parents would say expression in clothes is beside
the point. They'd rather see expression in math and English.

Speaking for moms everywhere, Cyndi Seibert says: "As the mother
of a boy with teen-age hormones, the uniform makes the young lady
sitting next to him in biology lab less of a distraction, and
the teacher a little easier to focus on, because she's got on
a collared shirt with sleeves instead of a spaghetti strap with
her bra hanging out."

Parents, in fact, are driving the uniform movement in many places.
They're often initially reluctant if the impetus comes from school
boards or principals. But they're quickly won over, and districts
that have polled parents have found overwhelming support.

Webster Elementary draws kids from a low-income, working-class
industrial pocket of Dayton, and parents initially resented the
school promoting uniforms, principal Sandra Kidd says.

"They already had so many other directives in their lives from
institutions they depend on for livelihood or public assistance,"
Kidd says. "But they're very supportive now. They like not hassling
with their kids over clothes."

Dayton gave schools the uniform option a few years ago, and children
in 27 of 50 schools now wear them. Nearly 100 of Miami-Dade's
288 schools were already in uniform when the school board said
any campus could switch if more than half the parents approved.
Within two years, 112 more schools chose uniforms.

Last March, when the New York City school board ordered all 670
elementary schools in uniform by fall 1999, more than 75,000 students
were already wearing them. Even in San Francisco, which has no
uniform policy, students in 34 schools (of 115) wear them.

In 1995, the Los Angeles school board set a goal of getting all
600 schools in uniform. So far, 410 are on board.

Oakland has a mandatory uniform policy, but so many parents "opt
out," says spokeswoman Sue Piper, that some schools have half
their students in street clothes. That may be the result of an
1996 lawsuit. The ACLU challenged Oakland's uniform policy and
won a settlement under which the district agreed to more cash
aid to needy parents for uniforms and to tell parents clearly
they had a right to opt out.

Many schools raise money to buy uniforms for low-income parents.
For the first time this year, San Antonio required uniforms for
all 60,000 students from kindergarten through high school. When
all the bills are in, the district will have handed parents $ 350,000
to $ 400,000 in uniform vouchers, says spokesman Robert Zamora.

Lloyd Choice, principal at Houston's Jack Yates High School, says
he'd always been skeptical about uniforms. Then his own students
started lobbying for them. "That really shocked me," Choice
says. "Pretty soon the parents caught on. On opening day this
fall, I tell you, it just brought tears to your eyes. Out of 1,800
kids, we had 12 report not in uniform."

Choice says that after 35 years in the public schools, "I didn't
believe it would affect behavior, but it does. My children are
behaving so much better. I had to experience it to believe it."

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY, USA TODAY Research (Chart); PHOTO, Color, Bob
Riha Jr., USA TODAY; PHOTOS, B/W, Bob Riha Jr., USA TODAY (2)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 February 6, 1998, Friday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Group links lack of supervision, juvenile crime

BYLINE: ROB NELSON

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



(ran SS edition of METRO & STATE)

A non-profit advocacy group says crime rates can be cut significantly if
children are given constructive places to go after school - what President
Clinton called the "prime time" for juvenile crime in his recent State of  the
Union speech.

Fight Crime: Invest in Kids, a group based in Washington, D.C., released a
report Thursday highlighting the connection between a lack of childhood
supervision and later involvement with crime.

The bipartisan crime prevention organization is made up of police officers,
prosecutors, criminologists and crime survivors from across the country.
Hillsborough County Sheriff Cal Henderson, St. Petersburg police Chief Goliath
Davis III and St. Petersburg City Administrator Darrel W. Stephens are among
the 200 members of the group's advisory committee and resource council, Fight
Crime officials said.

"(Police officers) know what works in fighting crime," group member and  Miami
police Chief Donald Warshaw said in a telephone news conference. "In  polls of
what they think will work, investing in the after-school hours almost  always
wins out over hiring more officers and building more prisons."

George Sweat, police chief in Winston-Salem, N.C., was more blunt in  echoing
Warshaw's emphasis on the importance of early intervention.

"Our fight against crime needs to start in the high chair, not wait for  the
electric chair," he said.

Almost half the incidents of juvenile crime occur between 2  and 8 p.m.,
experts say. Many of those crimes are committed by children who grew up  without
quality care and supervision in the after-school hours, which makes  them
several times more likely to become chronic lawbreakers by adulthood, the  Fight
Crime: Invest in Kids report said. If they had access to quality,  affordable
child care, many of those youthful offenders would never have been  on the
streets in the first place, experts said.

"We're a nation that doesn't value its children," said Ellen Halbert, a  Fight
Crime: Invest in Kids member who was beaten and stabbed in 1986 by an
18-year-old intruder who left her for dead after checking her pulse. "If we  had
invested in kids earlier, then maybe attacks like mine never would have
happened."

The organization is calling for government and the private sector to  develop
better, larger after-school child care programs, as well as create  guidance
courses for young parents. The benefits to taxpayers would far  outweigh the
costs, experts say. According to a study conducted by Mark A.  Cohen, a
professor at Vanderbilt University, every child prevented from  entering a life
of crime saves the country around $ 2-million.

"There's no mystery about the steps we could take," said Sanford Newman,
president of the group. "The bad news is, we're just not doing it yet."

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE; METRO & STATE

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 9, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Juvenile crime rate falls 2.9% Don't read too much into one-year drop, some
experts caution

BYLINE: Gary Fields

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 503 words


The rate of juvenile arrests for violent crimes fell last year
for the first time since 1987.

The drop is the first sign of hope in years that a wave of juvenile
crime may be subsiding.

Attorney General Janet Reno, who released the FBI numbers Thursday,
called the decline encouraging. But she added, "These rates are
still far too high."


The juvenile arrest rate for violent crimes fell 2.9% in 1995
to 512 arrests per 100,000 youths ages 10 to 17.

The juvenile arrest rate for homicide also fell in 1995, the second
consecutive annual decline. Arrests fell 15% to 11.2 per 100,000
juveniles.

Some leading criminologists have predicted a major crime wave
is coming because the high juvenile crime rate will coincide with
a rise in the juvenile population from 27 million today to 39
million in 2010.

Criminologist James Fox, the leading advocate of that theory,
said the decline in youth arrests show anti-crime programs may
be working. But he says it won't be enough to prevent a massive
increase in violent crime, driven by juveniles, over the next
15 years.

He notes that the lower 1995 rate is still the second highest
in history: "1995 wouldn't look so good if '93 and '94 hadn't
been so bad," he said.

Fox said getting excited about a small, one-year drop is "like
saying that someone who wins a gold medal and breaks the world
record in the 100 meters is slow if they run a slower time the
next day."

Reno attributed the decline to a variety of programs put into
effect in the 1990s to fight juvenile crime. The programs include
boot camps, school uniform rules, truancy prevention, dispute
resolution programs and tougher laws against guns in schools.
"It's important that we recognize there is not one magic key,"
Reno said.

Devin Black, a 16-year-old student in Washington, D.C., said he
supports many of the programs, but doesn't like school uniforms.
"That would be like being in jail, everybody dressed alike."

Black works after school in a church program designed to give
teen-agers jobs. He also has his own program for avoiding crime:
"I try to keep myself indoors, so I don't have to worry about
it."

Jonathan Paige, 14, a ninth-grader from Washington, said providing
jobs is a key. He still fears violence from his peers, especially
in unfamiliar territory. "I watch my back and how people look
at me."

The arrest rate for violent crime for juveniles is 48% higher
than it is for people 18 years and older.

Youths were arrested for violent crime in 1995 at a rate 61% higher
than in 1986.


Violent-crime arrests down

The violent-crime arrest rate for juveniles decline last year
for the first time since 1987.  Arrest rates per 100,000 juveniles
ages 10-17:

Year    Rate
1985     304
1986     317
1987     311
1988     327
1989     383
1990     429
1991     462
1992     483
1993     505
1994     527
1995     512

Source: FBI

LOAD-DATE: August 09, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, USA TODAY; Reno: 'There is not one magic key'

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  May 8, 1996, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Wrong number: Atlanta is not No. 1 in crime

BYLINE: R. Robin McDonald; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL OLYMPICS; Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 412 words


An Atlanta Journal-Constitution story Monday that ranked Atlanta as the most
violent city in the United States was wrong.

A recalculation of recently released FBI crime statistics shows Newark, N.J. ,
Las Vegas and Honolulu outranked Atlanta in selected crime rates among cities
with populations greater than 250,000.

Newark had a higher violent crime rate than Atlanta, Honolulu had a higher
property crime rate and Las Vegas had higher property and total crime rates than
Atlanta in 1995, according to a statistical analysis by the newspaper.

Atlanta ranked second in violent and total crime and third in property crime in
comparisons of cities with populations of more than 250,000.

A dozen cities of that size or larger inadvertently were omitted from
calculations used by the newspaper's staff to compute crime rates for an
analysis Monday of the 1995 FBI crime data.

"We screwed up," said Editor Ron Martin. "It was sloppy work and we regret it."

In a statement Tuesday night, Mayor Bill Campbell said: "This erroneous report
does a great injustice to the citizens of Atlanta. It is inconceivable that a
national news organization would publish damaging and inaccurate information
with such profound implications. This contrived notion of ranking cities based
upon crime statistics does a disservice to all of our collective efforts to
fight crime.

"It regrettably pits city against city when collaboration is the true answer. We
have repeatedly said crime is on a decline and our crime- fighting efforts are
working. We can only hope that the dissemination of this error is as great as
the sensationalized story that was originally published."

The omitted data included statistics on crime in Newark, Honolulu, and Las
Vegas.

The omissions altered the rankings in violent, property and total crime prepared
by the newspaper. The FBI doesn't rank cities by crime rate.

In 1995, Newark recorded 406.1 violent crimes per 10,000 residents, according to
a new Journal-Constitution analysis. Atlanta ranked second, with 371.9 violent
crimes per 10,000 residents.

The FBI statistics showed that overall crime fell 2 percent in the nation but
increased 4 percent in Atlanta, fueled largely by increases in rape and larceny.

Atlanta and St. Louis were the only two large cities ranked in the top five in
all three categories.

Campbell and Olympic officials have said Atlanta will be among the safest cities
in the world during the Olympics.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: THE COMPLETE PICTURE
 FBI crime statistics show Atlanta ranks second in two categories and
 third in another in crime rates among cities with populations of 250,000
 or more. TOTAL CRIME
 ...............Population..........Per 10,000
 ...................................residents
 Las Vegas..... 341,813..... .... 1,760.60
 Atlanta....... 396,477..... .... 1,740.60
 Honolulu........387,645..... .... 1,732.20
 St. Louis..... 362,521..... .... 1,647.80
 Newark..........255,457..... .... 1,580.20
 VIOLENT CRIME
 Newark..........255,457................406.1
 Atlanta....... 396,477..... .........371.9
 Miami......... 375,899................343.9
 St. Louis..... 362,521..... .........343.5
 Baltimore..... 696,372..... .........308.6
 NONVIOLENT CRIME
 Honolulu........387,645... ...... 1,657.80
 Las Vegas..... 341,813... ...... 1,482.00
 Atlanta....... 396,477... ...... 1,368.70
 St. Louis..... 362,521... ...... 1,304.30
 Miami......... 375,899........... 1,233.80

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 5, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Senate OKs $ 22B to fight crime

BYLINE: Leslie Phillips; Richard Benedetto

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 547 words


Buoyed by the get-tough-on-crime message sent by voters this week, the Senate
late Thursday approved $ 22.2 billion to fight violent crime.

The 94-4 vote on the amendment - part of a sweeping anti-crime bill negotiated
Thursday - approves adding 100,000 new police officers and building more prisons
nationwide.

"This is by far and away the most significant federal effort to deal with
violent crime in America that has ever been undertaken in the U.S. Senate," said
Sen. Joseph Biden, D-Del., Judiciary Committee chief.

The compromise crafted by Sen. Robert Byrd, D-W.Va., calls for financing the
package with budget savings from President Clinton's plan to trim 252,000
federal workers.

"We must take back our streets," Biden said.

"We've got to say to those who commit violent crime: The jig is up," echoed Sen.
Kent Conrad, D-N.D., whose wife was mugged at gunpoint.

A recent USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll found 84% say crime is worse now than a few
years ago, and FBI statistics show violent crime is up nearly 19% in five years.

The bargain came shortly after the House Judiciary Committee sent the Brady bill
- calling for a five-day wait to buy a handgun - to the full House. The Senate
will take up the Brady bill separate from the crime package. The bill, seven
years in the making, also is expected to pass both bodies.

Before the compromise, Republicans and Democrats appeared to be in competition
to see who could be tougher, ignoring the fact there is no money to spend.

Wednesday, the House passed a measure putting 50,000 cops on the beat and is
working on a measure to fund prison construction.

Clinton supports more cops and prison construction and is expected to sign a
bill, if the House and Senate agree on one.

Despite agreement on these popular programs, ideology and politics are dividing
lawmakers in other controversial areas.

Democrats, at heart, are convinced the best way to attack crime is through
prevention and rehabilitation, like drug treatment programs.

"Unless we get at the root causes . . . we are not going to solve the problem,"
said Biden.

Republicans want to lock up violent criminals and throw away the key - an idea
voters seem to like.

"Crime was the defining issue in mayoral elections all across the country," says
Mike Brown of the U.S. Conference of Mayors.

No agreement has been reached between members of the two parties on issues such
as increasing the number of crimes punishable by death, which Republicans are
eager to do but Democrats are not.

Nor do the two parties agree on streamlining death-row appeals. Democrats want
to make it easier, Republicans want to limit appeals.

There also was disagreement over attempts to ban assault weapons, a perennial
Democratic effort rebuffed by Republicans.

Analysts looking ahead to gubernatorial and congressional elections next year
say crime will continue to turn candidates into tough talkers.

Thomas Mann, an analyst with the moderate Brookings Institution, says that while
gun-control laws are a "good first step," stronger steps such as more community
police work, tougher sentences and increased jail space are what people want
now.

"It will help incumbents by allowing them to say they've done something," Mann
says. Contributing: Sandra Sanchez

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, USA TODAY

WASHINGTON

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 22, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION

1990 crime rate by region and city

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 971 words


The number of major crimes in the USA rose by just 1% last year, but the number
of violent crimes, slayings, rapes and robberies all jumped by at least 10%.
Crimes and percent of change, 1989 to 1990:

Total crime
Violent crime              10%
Property crime             -1%
Murder                     10%
Forcible rape               9%
Robbery                    11%
Aggravated assault         10%
Burglary                  -4%
Larceny                     0%
Motor vehicle theft         5%
Arson                       1%

Cities over 1,000,000
Violent crime               8%
Property crime             -2%
Murder                     13%
Forcible rape               3%
Robbery                    13%
Aggravated assault          3%
Burglary                   -2%
Larceny                    -5%
Motor vehicle theft         6%
Arson                       3%

Cities 500,000 to 999,999
Violent crime              16%
Property crime              0%
Murder                     19%
Forcible rape              11%
Robbery                    18%
Aggravated assault         14%
Burglary                   -3%
Larceny                    -1%
Motor vehicle theft         8%
Arson                       4%

Cities 250,000 to 499,999
Violent crime               9%
Property crime             -3%
Murder                      8%
Forcible rape              11%
Robbery                     7%
Aggravated assault         10%
Burglary                   -8%
Larceny                    -2%
Motor vehicle theft         3%
Arson                       1%

Cities 100,000 to 249,999
Violent crime              12%
Property crime              0%
Murder                      6%
Forcible rape              11%
Robbery                    11%
Aggravated assault         13%
Burglary                   -4%
Larceny                     0%
Motor vehicle theft         6%
Arson                       4%

Cities 50,000 to 99,999
Violent crime              13%
Property crime              0%
Murder                     10%
Forcible rape               6%
Robbery                    10%
Aggravated assault         15%
Burglary                   -4%
Larceny                     1%
Motor vehicle theft         3%
Arson                      -2%

Cities 25,000 to 49,999
Violent crime              10%
Property crime              0%
Murder                     -2%
Forcible rape              11%
Robbery                     6%
Aggravated assault         11%
Burglary                   -5%
Larceny                     1%
Motor vehicle theft         2%
Arson                       1%

Cities 10,000 to 24,999
Violent crime              10%
Property crime              1%
Murder                      7%
Forcible rape               8%
Robbery                     4%
Aggravated assault         12%
Burglary                   -3%
Larceny                     2%
Motor vehicle theft         3%
Arson                      -1%

Cities under 10,000
Violent crime              10%
Property crime              1%
Murder                     21%
Forcible rape              12%
Robbery                     4%
Aggravated assault         11%
Burglary                   -2%
Larceny                     2%
Motor vehicle theft         1%
Arson                      -4%

Crimes by region
Violent crime
Northeast           6%
Midwest            12%
South              13%
West                9%

Property crime
Northeast          1%
Midwest            1%
South             -1%
West              -2%

Forcible rape
Northeast          1%
Midwest            9%
South             12%
West              10%

Robbery
Northeast          9%
Midwest           12%
South             11%
West              14%

Aggravated assault
Northeast          4%
Midwest           13%
South             14%
West               7%

Burglary
Northeast           0%
Midwest            -4%
South              -6%
West               -5%

Larceny
Northeast          -1%
Midwest             2%
South               0%
West               -2%

Motor vehicle theft
Northeast           7%
Midwest             5%
South               4%
West                2%

Arson
Northeast           8%
Midwest             0%
South               2%
West               -2%

Homicide
Northeast           12%
Midwest              5%
South               11%
West                10%

Source: U.S. Justice Department

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; b/w, Marty Baumann, USA TODAY

FBI REPORT; VIOLENCE SURGED IN 1990

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 30, 1990, Friday, City Edition

Unity sought to end crime in inner cities

BYLINE: KEVIN E. WASHINGTON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: JACKSONVILLE



Black-on-black crime in African-American neighborhoods can be stopped only if
police, city officials and communities attack the problem together, a group of
crime experts said Thursday.

    More than 1,000 people are expected to attend the state attorney general's
fifth annual conference on preventing crime in the black community, which began
Thursday and ends Saturday.

    Police officers, attorneys, city and county officials, and community
activists are exchanging ideas in a series of seminars and round-table
discussions. Officials from 18 states, as well as a delegation from Canada, are
participating.

    "We've got a clear identification of the black-on-black crime in the
community," said Rodney Doss, chief of the crime prevention unit at the state
Attorney General's Office. "But we're really dealing with inherent social
problems that aren't just in the black community," he said, referring to poverty
and drug abuse.

    A disproportionate number of black people go to prison, officials say, and
the No. 1 cause of death for young black men is homicide.

    Participants cited several law enforcement-based programs through which
community activists and city officials have been able to reduce crime.

    For three years, a federally sponsored pilot program has been working in
several neighborhoods in four cities Jacksonville, Knoxville, Tenn., Tucson,
Ariz., and New Haven, Conn.

    "In Knoxville, we had a public housing complex that three years ago had
1,200 cars rolling through a day," said Robert Brown, a U.S.  Justice Department
manager in Washington. "Most of the people in the cars were whites coming to buy
drugs" in black neighborhoods.

    So Knoxville police asked the city to redesign streets so drug buyers
couldn't drive through easily, asked the utility company to

 put up more lights and began walking patrols.

    "Now, no more than 50 cars drive through the neighborhood," Brown said.

    Jerome Spates, a detective who headed the pilot project in Jacksonville,
said garnering credibility in black communities neglected by city officials and
sometimes police is the first step in working against crime in inner-city
neighborhoods.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            October 10, 1986, Friday

INSURANCE BRIEFS

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 407 words

DATELINE:  WASHINGTON


US Crime Rate Fell

To Record Low in '86

A record low number of crimes was committed in the United States last year, and
researchers say declining numbers of teen-agers is a major reason why.

An estimated 34.9 million crimes were committed against individuals and
households in 1985, a drop of 700,000 from the previous year and the lowest
level since the government began collecting the information 13 years ago.

Last year's drop continued a decline that began in 1982, the Justice Department
reported.

The total number of crimes occurring annually has fallen 16 percent from the
1981 peak of 41.5 million, with the incidence of violent crime dropping 12
percent in four years, personal theft down 15 percent and household crime
falling 18 percent from 1981.

Researchers attributed the decreases to a number of factors, including a decline
in the size of the nation's most crime-prone age group - people in their late
teens and early 20s.

A&A Acquires

Tax Consulting Firm

Alexander & Alexander Services Inc. said it acquired Ad Valorem Tax Consultants
Inc., a company specializing in mineral tax consulting.

Terms weren't disclosed.

Ad Valorem, based in Lewisville, Texas, near Dallas, will become part of the
insurance broker's Property Tax Service Company of A&A Inc. subsidiary.

Alleged Kidnappers

Arrested in New York

NEW YORK - A man and woman were arrested and charged with the kidnapping of a
Manhattan insurance agent, who was able to escape after an 18-hour captivity,
New York police said.

The victim, Richard Baeyan, 39, went to their apartment to sell insurance.

Once inside the apartment, he was threatened with a gun and held for 18 hours,"
the police said. His alleged kidnappers apparently wanted money from him.

Mr. Baeyan, whose employer couldn't be confirmed, escaped after faking a
fainting spell and asking to go outside for fresh air.

Mild Quake Recorded

Near Bishop, Calif.

BISHOP, Calif. - A mild earthquake struck here late Wednesday in the same area
as a July shaker that caused more than $ 2 million of damages, the U.S.
Geological Survey reported.

This time, the earthquake was recorded at a preliminary magnitude of 3.6 on the
Richter scale but there were no reports of damage or injuries.

The July quake had a magnitude of 6.1 on the Richter scale and damaged about 150
homes in the Chalfant Valley and nearby Bishop, about 225 miles north of Los
Angeles.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: INSURANCE BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1986 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 30, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

18 Cities Get Grants For Police Officers

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 8; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 180 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 29


To help communities that have not shared in the nation's falling crime rate,
President Clinton said today that the Justice Department would provide money to
help hire 700 more police officers in 18 American cities.

"There are still some neighborhoods in America, and too many of them, where
crime hasn't receded far enough or fast enough," Mr. Clinton said in an
announcement in the White House Rose Garden.

Nationwide, the crime rate is at its lowest point in 25 years, Mr. Clinton said,
but that has not eased problems in some urban pockets.

The grants are being offered under a program in the 1994 crime law that seeks to
put 100,000 extra police officers on the streets.

Cities receiving grants are Baltimore; Bessemer, Ala.; Birmingham, Ala.;
Buffalo; Camden, N.J.; Chicago; Cleveland; El Paso; Flint, Mich.; Fort Pierce,
Fla.; Fresno, Calif.; Greenville, Miss.; Hartford; McAllen, Texas; Miami;
Monroe, La.; Muskegon, Mich., and San Bernardino, Calif.

Those cities were chosen because they have high rates of crime and poverty, a
White House official said.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

East Taylor lauded for low burglary rate

BYLINE: Ron Musselman, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


Jan. 06--Tiny East Taylor Township, with slightly more than 2,700 residents, got
some much-welcomed news on Tuesday.

ConsumerAffairs.com ranked the township among the top 10 in the country for
greatest drop in burglary rate.

East Taylor finished ninth in the rankings. Cohasset, Massachusetts, with more
than 7,500 residents, was No. 1.

"It's a great thing for us. It's outstanding. I'm tickled to death," township
Supervisor Bob Spanko said. "Everybody just gets along and they look out for
each other.

"It's a very quiet place. It's really a comfortable place to live, really low
key.

"There are a lot of good people here and the school district (Conemaugh Valley)
is a good one."

Spokeswoman Natalie Donohue said ConsumerAffairs.com analyzed data from the FBI
and Census Bureau to create the rankings.

"We went through all the data with our research team and selected the best
cities with the biggest drop in burglary rates in the country," she said.

"It's the first time we have ever done it, and it's generating lots of
interest."

The FBI's annual crime in the United States study revealed the estimated number
of violent crimes reported by law enforcement during 2014 dropped by 0.2 percent
and the estimated number of property crimes decreased

4.3 percent when compared with 2013 data.

An estimated 1,165,383 violent crimes and 8,277,829 property crimes were
reported by law enforcement.

Financial losses suffered by victims of these crimes were calculated at
approximately $14.3 billion.

Larceny theft accounted for

70.8 percent of all property crimes reported, burglary for 20.9 and motor
vehicle theft for 8.3.

According to ConsumerAffairs.com, East Taylor Township averaged just 4.56 crimes
per 1,000 residents and 0.03 per day.

East Taylor Township police Cpl. Jeff Janciga said that while the ranking "is a
nice kudo for the township," he still thinks there is work to be done.

"I wouldn't rest my laurels on the statistics that we're getting safer as a
community," said Janciga, who also works full time as an officer in Johnstown.

"I don't necessarily see it on the street level.

"I am cautiously optimistic. We've been very lucky in this area."

Fewer break-ins

ConsumerAffairs.com's top 10 cities in the United States for greatest drop in
burglary rate:

1. Cohasset, Massachusetts.

2. St. Joseph, Minnesota.

3. Greenbrier, Arizona.

4. Kings Point Village, New York.

5. Perry Township, Columbiana County, Ohio.

6. Waukon, Iowa.

7. Cross Plains, Wisconsin.

8. Elgin, Oklahoma.

9. East Taylor Township.

10. Taylor, Alabama.

Ron Musselman is a reporter and columnist for The Tribune-Democrat. Follow him
on Twitter at @ronmusselman8.

___ (c)2016 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160106-JO-East-Taylor-lauded-for-low-burglary-rate-0106-20160106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2016 The Tribune-Democrat


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 July 22, 2013

It's time to put money behind our crime-prevention push

LENGTH: 879 words


It's time to put money behind our crime-prevention push

Last week, my wife attended a conference at Yale University in New Haven, Conn.
I tagged along for a change of scenery, some quiet workspace, and a chance to
visit friends in my old Nutmeg State stomping ground.

At the opening-night dinner, the organizers welcomed participants, outlined
coursework and introduced leaders.

Then they did something I'm not accustomed to at home in Indiana or in my
travels around the country: Instead of the usual chamber-of-commerce "enjoy our
city" routine, they issued a safety warning.

They said Yale's campus is safe enough, but we needed to be cautious-especially
at night-in surrounding areas of New Haven, including the adjacent-to-campus
downtown where our hotel was located.

They urged participants to take the shuttle bus to daytime conference sessions
at the nearby Yale School of Management or, if they chose to walk, to do so in
groups.

The next night, Cheri and I were headed out around 6 p.m. for dinner at a highly
recommended pizzeria. Because it was only six blocks away, we thought we'd walk.

In the hotel lobby, however, a conference organizer and Yale alumnus hailed our
dining choice but urged us to drive, because we'd likely be returning around
sunset.

"It's better to be careful," he said.

So we drove.

New Haven should have everything going for it. It's home to one of the most
respected universities in the world. Town meets gown in a downtown with parks,
historic neighborhoods, magnificent churches and a nice mix of residential,
retail and office space. Highway access to New York, Boston, Cape Cod and points
between is excellent.

And yet, in 2010, FBI data showed New Haven to be the fourth most dangerous city
in the United States (behind, Flint, Mich.; Detroit, Mich.; and St. Louis, Mo.),
based on the ratio of violent crime to population.

There was no promotional material about the city of New Haven in our hotel or in
the conference packet-not a single brochure, magazine, restaurant list, shopping
guide, historic walking tour map, nothing.

All we learned about New Haven is that it's not safe.

That's quite the contrast from Indianapolis, where we welcome visitors with open
arms, urge them to walk everywhere, promote our 24/7 downtown, and pile on
publications, videos, websites, apps and publicity filled with things to see and
do.

But with a 2013 shoot-'em-up trend worthy of the O.K. Corral, we need to ask
ourselves: Is Indianapolis at risk of suffering New Haven's plight, and what are
we doing to prevent such a blow to our reality and reputation?

Back in 2006, faced with an escalation in violent crime, Mayor Bart Peterson
appointed a 45-member crime prevention task force to analyze the problem and
determine how to help. I was honored to be one of them, sitting next to
then-U.S. Attorney/ now congresswoman Susan Brooks at meetings and co-chairing a
best-practices subcommittee with then-Butler University President Bobby Fong.

Mayor Peterson asked us to look not just at how to enhance public safety's
ability to address present-day crime, but also how to address recidivism,
education, economics, housing, drugs, poverty and other factors that contribute
to crime.

He asked us to look not only at what had been done well locally that could be
expanded or enhanced, but also at what had worked well in other places that
could be introduced in Indianapolis.

When our task force returned with an ambitious set of recommendations-for new
police officers; adequately funded public-safety pensions; strategic investments
in our courts, judges and prosecutors; community-based grants for crime
prevention programs and more-the mayor and city-county councilors contributed to
their own political suicides (for many of them, anyway) by passing a
local-option income tax to help fund these public-safety measures.

This week, sitting on a Yale island in a crime-ridden sea, I got to wondering
what happened to the $90 million that was going to be focused on crime
prevention. I asked think tanks, advocacy groups and academics. I searched the
Web. I looked for outcome measures-the kinds of things you'd want to announce or
report to citizens who'd been asked to cough up cash to ensure a safer city.

But other than a community crime prevention grant program that's been booted
from city government to the Indy Parks Foundation to the Central Indiana
Community Foundation; a program that's dwindled from the intended $4.5 million
per year to just $1.7 million; a program that's employed "peanut-butter
philanthropy," spreading too many small grants to too many recipients to make a
measurable impact, there's not much information to be found.

Just another task force report. Sitting on another shelf. Bullets flying 'round.

Now, as the murder rate in Indianapolis escalates, instead of using the tens of
millions of local option income tax dollars allegedly allocated to crime
prevention, city government is starting the Indy Public Safety Foundation to
raise private donations for crime prevention.

I hope it's not shelved. I hope it's not shelled out piecemeal. And I hope it
buys us more than what New Haven has.

*

Hetrick is an Indianapolis-based writer, speaker and public relations
consultant. His column appears twice a month. He can be reached at
bhetrick@ibj.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 22, 2010 Monday

Reading still ranks among most dangerous cities

BYLINE: Brett Hambright, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


Nov. 22--While Reading police say city streets are safer than they once were, a
national study released Sunday still ranked Reading as one of the country's most
dangerous cities.

Reading was the 41st most dangerous of 400 cities on the list compiled by CQ
Press, putting it on par with Milwaukee (43rd), Orlando, Fla., (46th) and Miami
(51st).

The list was limited to cities with more than 75,000 residents that reported
2009 crime statistics to the FBI.

The ranking does little for Reading's image, but police Chief William M. Heim
noted the improvement from last year's listing of 37th.

"We have got a ways to go, but I'm really proud of the men and women of the RPD
(Reading Police Department)," he said Sunday night.

"We definitely have some serious crime issues here, no doubt about it," the
chief added. "But we've been improving at a better rate than Allentown,
Harrisburg and Lancaster."

St. Louis topped the list, beating out Camden, N.J., and Detroit, which were
second and third respectively. Flint, Mich., and Oakland, Calif., rounded out
the top five.

Philadelphia ranked 30th and Allentown 70th. Harrisburg and Lancaster were not
included because their populations are below 75,000.

Heim said the list is a little misleading because smaller cities are neglected,
and those included are all grouped in one basket.

"Those numbers don't take into account the demographics, and only look at
certain types of crime," he said.

The annual rankings are based on population figures and crime data compiled by
the FBI. The data cover only major crimes such as murder, robbery, burglary and
rape.

Mayor Tom McMahon also said the rankings don't consider the unique population
traits of each city.

Still, he said, "It's good that we dropped. We had a good year last year. The
goal is more focused police."

Contact Brett Hambright: 610-371-5022 or bhambright@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101122-RE-Reading-still-ranks-among-most-dangerous-cities-20101122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2010 Reading Eagle


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                             August 15, 2008 Friday
                                   A Edition

Met puts neighbourhood crime maps on the Net

BYLINE: JUSTIN DAVENPORT

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281 words


MAPS revealing the number of muggings, burglaries and vehicle breakins in
particular neighbourhoods are published by Scotland Yard today.

The Met is running tests on its website of the Google-style maps, which show
crime rate in areas of 600 or so householders.

People can see crime levels on a borough-by-borough basis or zoom in on wards
and then "sub-wards". Areas have classifications ranging from low to average and
high.

An Evening Standard survey of the site showed Southwark was the only borough
with a "high" crime rate classification, with 850 offences in June, compared
with 749 the previous month.

Westminster, Hackney, Waltham Forest and Newham all registered as above average.
The scheme also gives a rate of crimes per thousand of population.

Last month Home Secretary Jacqui Smith unveiled plans for crime maps to be
published across Britain, prompting claims that she had taken the idea from
Mayor Boris Johnson who had pledged to introduce them in London in his
manifesto.

Police in London said the software was being tested and they would welcome
public feedback. There are concerns the maps could breach crime victims' right
to privacy and affect house prices.

Crime maps have been fully developed in the US, particularly in Chicago, New
York and Los Angeles, where police departments show incidents down to a
house-to-house level.

A police source said: "There are difficulties with the Information Commissioner
who has raised concerns about breaching people's privacy. It is unlikely we will
see maps as detailed as you get in Los Angeles but we expect the scheme to
expand. This is really a test to see if the technology works."

TO SEE YOUR BOROUGH http:// maps. met. police.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Violent crime falls in Denver But incidents rise in four of state's largest
cities

BYLINE: Felisa Cardona , Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 619 words


Crime in Denver declined in 2006 because more officers were on the streets and
the economy improved, police say, but suburbs experienced mixed results and
violent crime in Colorado Springs rose sharply, according to a new FBI report.

Violent crime - murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault - dropped in
Denver, Arvada, Centennial, Pueblo, Thornton and Westminster between 2005 and
2006, but climbed in Aurora, Colorado Springs, Fort Collins and Lakewood, the
FBI said in its preliminary Uniform Crime Report, released Monday.

The report gave crime statistics for 10 of Colorado's largest cities.

Meanwhile, property crime - burglary, larceny-

theft and car theft - declined in nine of the 10 cities but climbed slightly in
Fort Collins, the FBI said.

In Denver, reports of violent crime dipped 3 percent in 2006 from the year
before. Property crimes dropped 22 percent in Denver, the FBI reported.

"Our manpower has increased over the past year, and we believe that has played a
role," said Denver police Detective John White. "We believe that it is a
combination of several things that have helped crime decrease. The economy is
better, and we found during economic downturns, crime seems to rise."

The FBI reported an 8 percent increase in rapes in Denver and a very slight rise
in assaults from 2005 to 2006, but murders dropped 14 percent and robberies 10
percent. Denver's property crimes declined in all categories.

In Colorado Springs, violent crime jumped 19 percent last year, mostly fueled by
increases in robberies and assaults. Property crimes in the Springs declined 8
percent, according to the bureau's statistics.

Lt. Skip Arms, spokesman for the Colorado Springs Police Department, said that
despite the increase of violent crime, the statistics do not accurately reflect
the safety of the city.

"What came out today does not put it completely in full context," Arms said.
"While we did see a jump, we also have to look at the crime per 1,000
residents."

In 2005, the national average for midsize cities for violent crime was 10.2
crimes per 1,000 residents, Arms said. This year, even with the increase,
Colorado Springs is reporting 5.4 crimes per 1,000 residents, he said.

"Certainly, you do not want to portray that crime is out of control in Colorado
Springs or that it has become a violent city," Arms said.

But police there are trying to address the increase by assigning officers to
teams that will focus on fighting drugs, guns and gangs, Arms said.

"The teams have only been operational for a month, so it's too early to assess
the impact, but that has basically enabled us to have a team of officers that
can more quickly adapt to changing conditions within a division," he said.

Arms said property crimes are on the decline because identity theft has become a
better option for thieves who are wary of taking the risk of breaking into
homes.

"I think home security may be a little bit better than it has been in the past,"
he said.

Fort Collins showed a slight increase in both violent and property crimes. A
single-digit percentage rise in violent crimes also occurred in Lakewood and
Aurora.

Across the U.S., property crimes fell 2.9 percent, while violent crimes
increased by 1.3 percent in 2006, the FBI reported. It was the second
consecutive jump in violent crime nationwide after a series of declines dating
back to 2001.

Some critics of the Bush administration - especially Democrats - have blamed the
national violent-crime increase on a shift of government resources from crime to
terrorism.

The FBI statistics are compiled from reported offenses to law enforcement from
more than 11,700 agencies nationwide.

Staff writer Felisa Cardona can be reached at 303-954-1219 or
fcardona@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 24, 2006 Monday

Time to bring back community policing

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 530 words


Many U.S. cities are witnessing a rise in violent crime, made more disturbing by
the youths increasingly involved. This crime wave isn't towering like those of
the past, but it should act as a warning that a storm may be approaching.

Residents of Boston, Minneapolis, Milwaukee, and Washington, D.C., for example,
probably feel it's become pretty dangerous in their cities -- that kids
especially are out of control, wielding guns, holding people up, and killing as
if it were a part of everyday life. Indeed, violent juvenile crime has spiked in
these and other places. In Boston, juvenile arrests for robbery rose 54 percent
in 2005. Minneapolis has a higher increase in homicides committed by youths than
by adults.

These juvenile troubles are part of the first nationwide increase in violent
crime in five years -- up 2.5 percent in 2005, according to the FBI. Still, such
crime -- murder, rape, robbery, and aggravated assault -- is nowhere near the
level it was 15 years ago.

That's not to sugarcoat the situation, but to show that the country is at a
point where, if it acts now, it can prevent a crime tsunami as teen populations
grow and gangs do, too.

The causes for the increase in juvenile crime vary. In the 1990s, strong
economic growth helped check violent crime. But in Milwaukee, poverty has
increased, and 41 percent of kids live in households with incomes below the
poverty line -- making robbery a temptation.

The causes also share some commonalities. A big one is budget cuts. With violent
crime falling in the 1990s, and recession forcing belttightening in the early
2000s, law enforcement was ripe for state and federal budget cuts. America's
police force has fallen by 8 percent in the past four years (Minneapolis lost
almost 25 percent of its force over about five years.) Many cities also saw cuts
in community programs vital in keeping kids off the street.

At the same time, gangs on the East and West coasts pushed into the Midwest. In
Boston, gang members who served time are being released, and using kids to do
their dirty work. America knows that to solve these problems, policing alone is
not enough. Before budget cuts and the complacency that accompanied low crime
rates, cities emphasized "community policing," with officers working with
schools and churches, for instance, while these and other institutions (and
individuals) also made a greater effort at crime prevention. Communities
realized they had to get to kids early -- before they fell in with gangs and got
comfortable with guns.

Today's quick and broad reaction by some cities shows they've learned these
lessons. They're beefing up police presence, yes, but also community policing.
Minneapolis recently reactivated its police department's juvenile crime division
as well as team policing that includes cooperation with probation officers and
US marshals. The city is also extending recreation center hours. Boston,
meanwhile, will spend more on faith-based and community programs, summer youth
activities, and gang prevention.

A full and quick response can check this particular crime spike. But only a
commitment to carry on with community policing in safer times will prevent the
next one.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             June 27, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Five months don't make crime trend

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 405  words


We're grateful that, as of May 30 of this year, Durham has seen a marked
reduction in homicides. After five months of 2006, Durham had recorded just five
homicides. In 2005, there were nine after only three months -- on the way to 37
for the year.

While the decline in homicides is great news, we fear it's a little premature to
declare victory in the battle on violent crime.

This year, Mayor Bill Bell asked Police Chief Steve Chalmers to compare Durham's
homicide rate to 11 other North Carolina cities and Richmond, Va. And -- let's
shout it from the rooftops -- Durham looks very good in comparison, with 2.56
homicides per 100,000 residents. That was better than eight cities on the list.
The only cities with lower murder rates were the peaceful burgs of Cary, Chapel
Hill and Wilmington. Cities with higher homicide rates included Charlotte,
Greensboro, Winston-Salem, Richmond and, yes, Raleigh.

But for Bell and others to use a fraction of the current year as evidence of a
lasting trend -- and as proof of media bias against Durham -- is, well, jumping
the gun.

"I don't like it when they [media] say Durham is the murder capital of North
Carolina," Bell said. "Durham is really ninth [on this list] and Raleigh is
seventh."

Yes, but remember that it was last year's violent death toll, including a
horrific and still unsolved quadruple homicide, that led Mayor Bell to deliver
his "state of the city" message in January focusing on violent crime.

We supported Bell's message then, and we still do, but let's face reality. In
the past couple of decades, Durham's homicide rate has more often been like
2005, ranking among the highest in the state, than like 2006. This year is
great, but so far, it is an aberration. We certainly hope that solid police work
and mass community involvement have turned things around permanently, but five
months does not make a long-term trend.

A more troubling indicator in this year's crime statistics is a sharp spike in
violent crimes other than murders, such as rapes and assaults, over 2005. And
across the nation, major cities that have seen crime steadily decline over
several years are experiencing sudden increases.

So let's take a moment -- just a moment -- to revel in having fewer homicides
than Raleigh. Then let's get back to work fighting crime across the board, using
both law enforcement and prevention strategies as Mayor Bell suggested in
January, so the good news will last.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Durham Herald Co.


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                  June 3, 2004

TV EXPRESS; PICKS OF THE DAY WITH MICHELLE BYRNE

SECTION: TV; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 386 words


DOCUMENTARY 9pm, BBC2 LAPD - PROTECT AND SERVE?

The 'This World' series continues with a visit to Los Angeles, where the police
force admit that working in the City of Angels is like being in war-torn Baghdad
- with 658 murders in 2002 alone. A new chief of police, William J Bratton, has
been drafted in to make the streets safer and improve the force's public image.
He succeeded in cutting New York City's crime rate and has vowed to lower LA's
homicide rate by a quarter. But with only 9,000 officers against New York's
40,000, it's a task to challenge anyone. Camera crews followed Bratton's
progress for a year.

COMEDY 10.30pm, C4 PETER KAY 'S PHOENIX NIGHTS A welcome chance to savour the
second series of the genius comedy created by Bolton's own Peter Kay. He plays
wheelchair-bound impresario Brian Potter, whose Phoenix Club, a belt-and-braces
Lancashire nightspot (or rather, nitespot) has an unhappy habit of burning down.
So Potter gathers together his scattered staff (above) - including hapless
sidekick Jerry St Clair, played by the equally funny Dave Spikey - and persuades
them to help him resurrect the club. If you enjoy lines like, "Garlic bread,
it's the future!" this is definitely for you.

DRAMA 8pm, ITV1 THE BILL A heated, action-packed episode of the police drama
sees the search continue for DS Phil Hunter's daughter, who's been kidnapped by
wicked Dennis Weaver.

Hunter (right) is understandably fraught with worry, but has more trouble to
contend with when he hatches a plan to catch a local drug baron and gets shot
for his trouble. Who would want to kill him? Is this part of Weaver's plan to
wreak revenge on the crooked cop - or has Hunter's dodgy past created another
arch-enemy lurking in the shadows of Sun Hill?

SOAP 7.30pm, BBC1 EASTENDERS There's unexpected news for bride-tobe Nana Moon
(below). We all know that groom Wilfred has been hiding a guilty secret - but
will Alfie unleash the skeletons from his closet before the big event?
Elsewhere, Chrissie puts her powers of detection into practice. Suspicious that
hubby Den's playing away from home, she follows the love rat, hoping to catch
him scrutinising more than just the menu on a lunch date.

Meanwhile, the Square rallies round in an effort to support the Ferreiras.

Bit late now?

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2004 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 7, 2002 Saturday Five Star Lift Edition

RESEARCH COMPANY RANKS CITY AS NATION'S MOST DANGEROUS

BYLINE: Jeremy Kohler Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS ; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 477 words


* Firm says it does not adhere to FBI warnings against the fairness of using
crime data for inter-city comparisons.

Move over, Motown. St. Louis has taken over as the nation's most dangerous city,
according to a report issued by a private research firm.

Police and crime experts don't put much stock in the rankings, which compare St.
Louis - sans suburbs - against U.S. cities with at least 75,000 people. Detroit
held the bottom spot for three years, while St. Louis was third worst for the
past two.

The rankings are courtesy of Morgan Quitno Press of Lawrence, Kan., the same
group that chooses the smartest, healthiest and most livable states.
(Connecticut, Vermont and Minnesota, for the record.)

St. Louis police declined to discuss the rankings.

Morgan Quitno's assessment is based on a given city's rates last year in six
crime categories - murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary and auto
theft - as reported to the FBI. The firm scored cities against national averages
in each category and added the scores, weighing each crime the same.

No original research went into the rankings, the firm said.

"The governor, mayor or police chief could say these are a bunch of yahoos out
in Kansas," said Scott Morgan, the company president. "Or they can use this an
as opportunity to say, 'We're not thrilled they're talking about it, but we know
we have a problem.'

"St. Louis has always been down toward the bottom," Morgan said. "It's no fun
being last."

Morgan acknowledged his firm willfully defied FBI warnings against the fairness
of using the data for inter-city comparisons.

"We do what they won't do," Morgan said. "I've never had a good explanation as
to why you can't compare cities on crime the way you can on everything else in
the world."

Scott Decker, a criminologist in St. Louis, pointed to an unrelated study
published last week by the East-West Gateway Coordinating Council that he says
is a more accurate gauge of the area's crime. In that comparison of the nation's
29 biggest metropolitan areas, St. Louis had the 13th lowest crime rate.

"We love to rank things in America, don't we?" asked Decker, a professor at the
University of Missouri at St. Louis.

Said Morgan: "Criminologists hate these things."

Cities such as Kansas City and Charlotte, N.C., that have incorporated broad
suburban areas fared better in the Morgan Quitno study than those, such as St.
Louis, that have not.

Decker noted that if St. Louis had annexed several of its inner-ring suburbs, it
would be considered far safer.

Detroit, which topped the most dangerous list from 1999 to last year, improved
to second, followed by Atlanta; Gary, Ind.; and Baltimore.

Amherst, a suburb of Buffalo, N.Y., was the safest city in the study, followed
by Brick Township, N.J.; Newton, Mass.; Thousand Oaks, Calif.; and Sunnyvale,
Calif.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: LOCAL; Reporter Jeremy Kohler:; E-mail: jkohler@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
314-241-9435

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 20, 1999, Monday, Home Edition

Q&A ON THE NEWS

BYLINE: Colin Bessonette, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 786 words

Q: Headline News recently reported on grades given to U.S. cities to identify
the best ones for raising children. How did they rank? Where can I get more
information?
--- Kevin Wellington, Atlanta

A: You're referring to the Kid Friendly Cities Report Card, issued by Zero
Population Growth. Check online at www.zpg.org/kidfriendlycities/index.html or
call 1-800-767-1956 for information. As "kid friendly" implies, the report card
is based on data Zero Population Growth calls "the best available" on the
social, economic, educational and physical environment of U.S. cities " where
our children live, grow, learn and play."

The rankings of 25 major cities: Seattle, A+; San Francisco, A; San Jose,
Calif., A-; San Diego, B+; Portland, Ore., Pittsburgh and Denver, B;
Minneapolis, B-; Boston, New York and Fort Worth, Texas. C+; Phoenix, Tampa,
Dallas and Houston, C; Philadelphia, Los Angeles and Chicago, C-; Atlanta,
Cleveland, Miami, Washington and Detroit, D; and St. Louis and Baltimore, F.

The ratings are based on such factors as teen births, infant mortality rate,
percentage of children in pre-school, student dropout rate, violent crimes,
property crimes, unemployment rate, percentage of children in poverty, number of
bad air days, public transportation, and average commute.

Q: At about 5:45 a.m. Friday, I heard some words of a benediction given by the
Rev. Joseph Lowery. It was beautiful, but I was too sleepy to remember the
conclusion. What did he say?
--- Jenny Dubose, Roswell

A: "And now, Lord, as we all run the bases of life, guide us toward that
heavenly home. And when we slide in, we want the umpire of the universe to say,
'Safe.' Amen." The context was Thursday's presentation to Hank Aaron of the
Shining Light Award.

Q: A newspaper report about compensation for Nazi slave laborers in Germany said
some U.S. companies were contributing to a fund. What companies?
--- Gary Hanson, Duluth

A: General Motors and Ford Motor Co. were the major ones whose names have been
made public, but it's said that "up to 200" American companies with German
subsidiaries are potentially involved. According to published accounts, they
would create a fund of roughly $ 500 million, separate from a $ 5.2 billion fund
negotiated by the German government, U.S. lawyers representing former slave
laborers, and more than 250 German companies.

Ford, one of the first to be named in a class-action suit over Nazi-era forced
labor, has said it's still considering whether to take part in a fund. General
Motors is involved because of its German subsidiary, Opel. GM bought the German
carmarker, Adam Opel, more than 60 years ago.

Q: When a driver is traveling southbound in the HOV lane on I-85, who has the
right-of-way when the southbound I-75 HOV lane merges from the left near
Brookwood Station?
--- Pat Brannon, Duluth

A: There's no clear answer, but the Georgia Department of Transportation is
aware of the situation and is working on a solution. The merge has become a
problem only recently as HOV lane traffic continues to increase, said DOT
spokesman Bert Brantley. The DOT intends to clarify the merging condition with
pavement markings and signs "as soon as the proper solution can be determined,"
he added.

Of course, common courtesy is always recommended in merge situations. If one
driver simply allows the other to join smoothly into the flow of traffic,
there's no problem.

Q: Linda Tripp is in legal trouble for taping telephone calls. What's the law in
Georgia on taping calls?
--- Ray Banks, Marietta

A: Under Georgia law, you may record a conversation to which you are a party,
even if the other person doesn't know, said Jeff DiSantis of the attorney
general's office.

However, recording a conversation to which you're not a party, without the
knowledge or permission of the parties --- in other words, making a clandestine
recording of other people's private telephone conversation --- is prohibited
under Official Code of Georgia Annotated, 16-11-62. Doing so is punishable as a
felony.

Q: An article about Elian Gonzales, the Cuban child involved in a custody
battle, mentioned the Joe DiMaggio complex at a Florida hospital. It reminded me
of a question I have long wondered about. Did DiMaggio and Marilyn Monroe have a
child during their brief marriage?
--- Bob Ruddy, Peachtree City

A: No. DiMaggio's only child, Joe DiMaggio Jr., was born to the marriage of the
late Yankee Clipper and his first wife, actress Dorothy Arnold.

Do you have a question on the news - local, national or international? Colin
Bessonette will try to get an answer. Call 404-222-2002 and follow the
instructions or e-mail: q&a@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              November 27, 1996, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

HIGH-CRIME RANKING RANKLES CHIEF; MAGAZINE SAYS ST. LOUIS IS 3RD MOST DANGEROUS

BYLINE: Bill Bryan And Joe Holleman Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 768 words


A national magazine's ranking of St. Louis as a high-crime city is a slap in the
face, but it doesn't hurt, city leaders said Tuesday.

Money Magazine ranks St. Louis the third most dangerous city for certain crimes
in its latest issue.

But the area's top business booster said Tuesday that the report won't scare
away business development.

"Reading Money to get business development insight is like reading the National
Enquirer to get political insight," said Richard Fleming, president and chief
executive officer of the Regional Commerce and Growth Association.

"In my 20 years in the business of economic development I've dealt with
thousands of prospective business relocations and never has anyone asked me
about Money Magazine's rankings."

Money Magazine says St. Louis is the third most dangerous city in the country,
behind Newark, N.J., which had the dubious distinction of being No. 1, and
Atlanta, the runner-up.

The safest cities are Amherst, N.Y., a suburb of Buffalo, and four California
communities - Thousand Oaks, Irvine, Simi Valley and Sunnyvale.

Money's rankings were compiled by the Morgan Quitno Corp. of Lawrence, Kan., an
independent publishing and research firm. That company used FBI crime statistics
for 1995, but weighted them according to a poll of 501 people who listed crimes
in the order that they feared them most.

Therefore, burglary got more weight in the ranking than murder.

"I feel very comfortable with the rankings statistically," said Scott Morgan,
president of the research company. "There are very valid reasons why cities have
different numbers, but it doesn't invalidate those numbers."

Police Chief Ron Henderson was offended by the black-eye Money gave St. Louis.

"It's a slap in the face," he said. "They're not taking into account that crime
is in a steady decline in our city. That ranking is not an honest and true
reflection of our city. It's not fair."

In general, the FBI's numbers show that violent crime (murder, rape, robbery and
assault) decreased in St. Louis by 15 percent from 1994, and overall crime is
down 6.5 percent.

Through the first 10 months of this year, violent crime is down 21 percent and
overall crime is down 9 percent.

Fleming, of the RCGA, said the cities in Money's rankings are "like apples and
oranges."

"The safest cities are all suburban communities under 125,000 in population," he
said. "How can you compare those with cities like St. Louis, Atlanta, Detroit?"

Morgan conceded that such a comparison may be unfair.

He also noted that the ranking applies only to the city of St. Louis and does
not take in the suburbs or the entire region, which would have lower crime
rates.

"I laughed when the results came in because I spent two nights and three days in
St. Louis this summer and had an absolutely great time," Morgan said.

"We went to the Science Museum, the Arch, the Zoo. It was wonderful."

Fleming noted that just last month Fortune Magazine ranked the St. Louis area as
the sixth best place in America to live and work.

Fortune put its emphasis on quality of life issues such as incidents of violent
crime, quality of education and availability of culture.

The St. Louis region got particularly high marks for low housing costs and short
commutes.

"People in St. Louis like a night out on the town," the article states. "No,
they don't have Broadway. But they do have plenty of cultural opportunities, as
well as the knowledge that they'll get home safely after a night at the
theater."

Fortune's consultants spent six months doing a comparative analysis and used the
entire metropolitan area.

"It's interesting that Fortune had Atlanta ranked as the 11th best place to
live, while Money has Atlanta as the second most dangerous," Fleming noted.

Fleming said that Fortune's survey shows that St. Louis' metropolitan area had
the lowest crime rate among the top 15 cities.

Best And Worst Cities

Money Magazine ranked 202 U.S. cities of 100,000 people or more by adjusting the
FBI's 1995 crime statistics to give greater emphasis to crimes that a poll of
501 respondents found most threatening.

10 Safest Cities

1. Amherst, N.Y.

2. Thousand Oaks, Calif.

3. Irvine, Calif.

4. Simi Valley, Calif.

5. Sunnyvale, Calif.

6. Virginia Beach, Va.

7. Livona, Mich.

8. Plano, Texas

9. Madison, Wis.

10. Mesquite, Texas

10 Most Dangerous Cities

1. Newark, N.J.

2. Atlanta, Ga.

3. St. Louis, Mo.

4. New Orleans, La.

5. Detroit, Mich.

6. Baltimore, Md.

7. Miami, Fla.

8. Washington, D.C.

9. Flint, Mich.

10. Birmingham, Ala.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic / Illustration by AP - (Illustration of skyscrapers)

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 23, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

In Silver Spring, the Public Can Log On to the Police Log;
Computer Link May Signal a New Openness

Veronica T. Jennings, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1066 words


In the corner of a second-floor office in the Silver Spring district police
station sits a computer terminal that may launch Washington area police agencies
onto the information superhighway.

The computer contains information on crimes and suspects and, as of last week,
it's available to the public on a pilot basis.

Montgomery County's new electronic police bulletin board allows residents to
obtain free information about crime in Silver Spring 24 hours a day.

In addition to crime reports, sorted by blocks in Silver Spring, users can get
countywide crime statistics, carjacking prevention tips and information on new
laws. Also, neighborhood watch groups can send messages to the police or to each
other on the bulletin board. The bulletin board will be updated twice a week.

Police technology specialists say bulletin boards could change the way police
departments disseminate information to the public.

"Traditionally, police have been tight-lipped and not inclined to share
information," said Gary Cordner, a professor of police administration at Eastern
Kentucky University and editor of Police Computer Review.

But the use of computer technology, particularly electronic bulletin boards, is
a "very significant change in openness," Cordner said.

Montgomery officials say it is not a strain to prepare the reports.

"This [crime] information already is in the police district's computer," said
James Hockenberry, the veteran officer and computer hobbyist who designed the
system. "We're just mastering new techniques to get more mileage out of it. The
bulletin board empowers the community to take an active role in crime prevention
in their neighborhood."

The police department currently enters information from crime reports into a
computer so it can analyze trends. Hockenberry takes that information, removes
some sensitive material and changes police codes into plain English.

If the 90-day Silver Spring experiment is a success, Montgomery police may
expand the crime report listings to cover every corner of the county, which has
the largest population of any Maryland jurisdiction.

"The concept is definitely in the forefront of computer technology in policing,"
said David Carter, a professor of criminal justice and the director of the
National Center for Community Policing at Michigan State University. "It's an
integration of high-tech and high touch."

Montgomery's step into cyberspace is being replicated by police agencies across
the country, police officials and technology specialists say. The
computerization of police departments could help agencies struggling with
demands to provide more services with fewer officers and resources, they say.

Law enforcement agencies nationwide are embracing computers to disseminate
public information, bolster crime-solving and to link prosecutors, judges and
court officials, said David Roberts, of SEARCH, a national consortium for
criminal justice information and statistics.

Although no firm figures are available, Seth Jacobs, research director of the
California-based SEARCH, said there are "several hundred" criminal justice
bulletin boards nationally.

"It's one of the cheapest crime prevention tools that you can buy," said Tom
Quilty, of the Santa Clara, Calif., Sheriff's Department, which recently
installed a computer bulletin board.

In the Washington area, Fairfax County police plan to launch a countywide
bulletin board July 1 to give people in the area's largest jurisdiction access
to reports of local thefts, burglaries, assaults and robberies, police spokesman
Warren Carmichael said.

Montgomery's bulletin board, called the Community Information System, was
conceived two years ago by Hockenberry, 52.

For the last five years, Hockenberry has worked as a community services officer
in Silver Spring. For more than a year, Hockenberry worked to develop a
prototype of the electronic bulletin board on his home computer before
presenting the idea to his superiors. County police spent about $ 4,000 for new
computer hardware to start the bulletin board, a department spokesman said.

The bulletin board will enable crime prevention officers to better serve the
nearly 60 neighborhood and community watch groups in the Silver Spring area,
Hockenberry said.

Anyone with a computer and modem can log on to the bulletin board, download
files and exchange messages after dialing 301-565-5737 and setting the modem to
N/8/1.

Several safeguards have been built in for privacy and security, Hockenberry
said. For example, it is not connected to the Maryland or national criminal
information networks that provide data to law enforcement officials on vehicle
registration or suspect information.

Although the Silver Spring bulletin board does provide descriptions of suspects
in some crimes, the service does not disclose exact street addresses of reported
crimes or the names of victims, Hockenberry said. For example, the address 1234
Easy St. would be reported as the 1200 block of Easy Street.

Some computer users will find the bulletin board rather boring, Hockenberry
said. "There are no games to play. If hackers break in, there is nothing there
to take."

Leaders of Silver Spring neighborhood crime watch groups said the pilot bulletin
board system will deliver more timely, detailed crime reports that could help
residents spot crime patterns or trends in their communities.

"The computer bulletin board will get information to the community far faster
than it is done now," said Herbert Randall, director of the Hillandale Crime
Watch program, which includes 1,600 homes off New Hampshire Avenue.

Randall said the neighborhood watch program currently relies on word of mouth,
weekly newspaper crime summaries and the group's monthly newsletter for crime
information. With the advent of the bulletin board, however, "we could get
information into the hand of enough people, almost at the time it's reported,
that we can alert people about what is happening and they could take
precautions."

Montgomery County Police Chief Clarence Edwards said the electronic bulletin
board will provide residents a clearer picture of crime in the county.

"We see a lot of concern about crime, and it's justified concern," he said. "But
perception and reality are different. This system will allow residents and
business people to see what the reality of crime is in their neighborhoods."



LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, "THE BULLETIN BOARD EMPOWERS THE COMMUNITY," SAYS MONTGOMERY
COUNTY POLICE OFFICER JAMES HOCKENBERRY, WHO DESIGNED THE SYSTEM THAT ALLOWS
COMPUTER USERS TO READ SILVER SPRING POLICE REPORTS VIA MODEM. JUANA ARIAS

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        May 2, 1994 Monday FINAL EDITION

A SAFE CITY? TRY PHILA., SAYS FBI IT'S RANKED 150TH OUT OF 187 CITIES IN OVERALL
CRIME. SERIOUS CRIME INCREASED SLIGHTLY BETWEEN 1992 AND 1993.

BYLINE: Jeff Gammage and Neill A. Borowski, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 904 words


Philadelphia may lack the image, but the city appears to be just as safe as
Scottsdale, Ariz., or Louisville, Ky. It is among the safer places to live in
urban America, according to FBI statistics released yesterday.

Of 187 cities, Philadelphia ranked 150th in overall crime last year, with a rate
of 6,290 personal and property offenses per 100,000 people, the preliminary
statistics show. Among the 25 largest cities, only San Jose and Indianapolis had
lower crime rates.

"Certainly it's encouraging, and it just proves what we've been saying - that
Philadelphia's one of the safest cities in the country," said city police Chief
Inspector Richard Zappile. "Of course, that's not much consolation to someone
who's been a victim of a crime. There's still a lot of work to be done."

The city did see a slight increase in serious crimes in 1993, ending three years
of decreases.

Zappile said the violence involved in each incident had become more severe.
Disputes that may once have ended in fisticuffs now may end in gunfire. A robber
who may once have pointed a gun as a threat now may pull the trigger.

"The violence is escalating," he said.

The FBI statistics, furnished by local police departments under the Uniform
Crime Reporting Program, are preliminary, with final figures and crime rates to
be published this fall. Totals for some crimes were not available for each of
the 187 cities.

Based on the FBI numbers, The Inquirer computed crime rates per 100,000
residents for the cities. The newspaper relied on the U.S. Census Bureau's
estimated 1992 populations, because 1993 estimates have not been released.
Population changes between 1992 and 1993 could cause the rates to vary somewhat.

In Philadelphia, serious personal and property crime increased less than 1
percent between 1992 and 1993, from 97,395 to 97,659 offenses, the FBI said.
Those crimes include murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary,
larceny/theft and motor-vehicle theft. Arson, which is reported separately,
increased nearly 11 percent, to 2,282 incidents in 1993.

Over the three previous years, statistics showed declines. In 1990, major crimes
fell 1.4 percent; 1991, 4.3 percent, and 1992, 11 percent. Serious crime in the
city reached an all-time high in 1989, with murders, robberies and aggravated
assaults that year setting records.

Last year, the number of murders in the city increased from 425 to 439, while
rapes dropped from 817 to 785, and robberies went down from 11,681 to 11,531.
Aggravated assaults were up, to 6,821 from 6,180, and burglaries fell
from 16,199 to 15,117.

All that added up to an upbeat statistical analysis.

"I don't know whether I believe it," said Patricia Harner, a longtime Town Watch
activist. "I'd like to believe it. And I think it's good P.R. for the city. The
problem with the stats is a lot of crimes go unreported."

She said the number of Town Watch groups has multiplied in the last couple of
years, and people seem to have generally become more interested in protecting
their communities and themselves. Those trends probably have helped reduce some
types of crime, she said.

The FBI statistics show that the city with the highest crime rate - with 19,026
offenses per 100,000 people - was Miami, followed by Atlanta, Fort Lauderdale,
St. Louis and Las Vegas.

Nashville, Phoenix and New Orleans showed the biggest increases in crime among
the 25 largest cities for which numbers were available. Nashville was up nearly
11 percent, and Phoenix and New Orleans each were up about 5 percent. The
largest declines were 15 percent in Dallas and 12 percent in San Francisco.

Crime in New York was down 4 percent; Los Angeles, 8 percent, and Houston, 5
percent. Chicago's total wasn't available. Among other large cities, Baltimore
was up 2 percent; Detroit, 4 percent and Miami, 6 percent. Washington and Boston
were down 1 percent.

The sharpest increase in crime among all cities was in Allentown, where the
total number of incidents rose 18 percent, to 7,508. Rapes doubled, robbery was
up 76 percent and aggravated assault was up 74 percent, according to the FBI
statistics.

Allentown ranked 125th in the nation in its overall crime rate, with 7,054
offenses per 100,000 people. The cities with the next largest increases were
Mesa, Ariz.; Nashville; Tucson, Ariz.; Alexandria, Va., and Riverside, Calif.

The murder capital of the nation was Gary, Ind., with 90 homicides per 100,000
population.

That city was followed by New Orleans, Washington, St. Louis, Detroit, Richmond,
Atlanta and Baltimore. Philadelphia placed 32d, with New York 36th and Houston
37th.

Cities with sharp increases in the number of murders included Fort Lauderdale,
Sacramento, New Orleans, Grand Rapids, Mich., and Hartford, Conn. Pittsburgh
also had a surge in murders - up 82 percent to 80 killings last year, compared
with 44 in 1992.

Fort Lauderdale had the highest rate of property crimes. Philadelphia placed
156th.

In the nation overall, serious crime declined 3 percent in 1993, continuing a
downward trend from 1992, when crime also fell 3 percent from the previous year.

"Crime problems are so grave that few Americans will find much comfort in a
small reduction in the overall amount of reported crime," FBI Director Louis
Freeh said in releasing the statistics. "The nation must find ways to achieve
large crime reductions that are permanent."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART;

CHART (1)
1. Crime in the United States (From the 1993 FBI Uniform Crime Report; The
Philadelphia Inquirer)

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                    May 2, 1994 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

SERIOUS CRIME DOWN IN S.J., OTHER MAJOR BAY AREA CITIES

BYLINE: Mercury News Staff Report

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 389 words


New federal crime statistics released today show that serious crime is down
nationally and in many of the Bay Area's largest cities when compared to 1992,
according to a preliminary FBI report.

The federal figures for local cities are similar to ones released earlier by the
state Department of Justice.

Throughout the United States, serious crime was down in every category except
murder in 1993 when compared to the year before. Major crimes, including murder,
were down in San Jose and Berkeley.

Bucking the trend were Sunnyvale and Fremont, where major crimes were up
slightly.

The decrease nationally marks the second year in a row when the country's
overall serious crime rate declined by 3 percent, according to the FBI figures,
which are gathered from more than 10,000 law enforcement agencies nationwide.
The FBI bases its measurement of "serious crime" on four violent crimes --
murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assaults -- and four property crimes:
burglary, arson, motor vehicle theft and larceny theft.

The drop in serious crimes occurred in all regions of the country with the
greatest reduction -- 5 percent -- occurring in the Northeast, according to the
FBI figures. In the Midwest, the decline was 3 percent, while the South and West
recorded overall declines of 2 percent.

Moreover, the FBI numbers show that the decreases occurred in both large and
small cities and towns. The greatest decline -- 5 percent -- happened in cities
of more than a million people, the statistics show. Suburban and rural law
enforcement agencies reported smaller declines of 2 percent and 3 percent
respectively.

The FBI statistics generally track comparable declines recorded in California
over the same time. Crime in the state was down 4.3 percent overall from 1993
compared to the year before, according to statistics released by the state
Department of Justice in March. There were also declines in every category
except murder, which increased 6 percent over the period.

In San Jose, there were declines in every category except vehicle theft, from
1992 to 1993. In Sunnyvale, murders were up by one -- from two to three, while
rape was down. Also up were assaults, auto theft and arson. In Fremont, murder
decreased from six to four, but there were increases in assaults, burglary and
auto theft.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart;
CHART:
TOTAL CRIME NUMBERS
Crime rates decreased from 1992 to 1993 in San Jose and many other large cities,
according to a Federal Bureau of Investigation report released today. Here are
the total crime numbers and rates per 100,000 population, and the change in the
rates from 1992 to 1993:
Major crimes by city
1992 1993 Rate
Number Rate Number Rate change
San Jose 39,802 4,937 36,743 4,470 -9.5%
Sunnyvale 4,842 4,005 4,989 4,086 2.0%
Fremont 6,865 3,844 7,265 3,963 3.1%
Berkeley 13,506 12,962 13,090 12,479 -3.7%
Concord 7,348 6,503 7,928 7,004 7.7%
San Francisco 76,551 10,398 67,345 9,019 -13.3%
Major crimes in San Jose
1992 1993 Rate
Number Rate Number Rate change
Homicide 43 5 41 5 -6.5%
Rape 448 56 391 48 -14.4%
Robbery 1,231 153 1,186 144 -5.5%
Aggravated assault 3,705 460 3,699 450 -2.1%
Burglary 6,776 840 6,014 732 -13.0%
Larceny-theft 23,806 2,953 21,398 2,603 -11.8%
Vehicle theft 3,793 470 4,014 488 3.8%
Sources: crime figures from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; population data
from the California Department of Finance
MERCURY NEWS

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    August 7, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Upbringing in large American cities didn't aid Texas tourist against Vancouver
car plunderers

BYLINE: LINDSAY KINES; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1 / Front

LENGTH: 402 words


Texan tourist Gordon Banner leaves town today without his backpack, his Sony
Walkman, or his quaint, but naive, impression of Vancouver as a safe city.

Tuesday night, while he and his wife watched Alaska: Spirit of the Wild in the
Imax Theatre, thieves cleaned out their rental car in a parkade at 900 West
Cordova. Banner estimated the value of the missing items at $ 300.

The damage to Vancouver's reputation is more difficult to measure.

"My wife doesn't ever want to come back here again," he said. "That's the way
she's feeling at this point."

The 32-year-old geologist grew up in New York, attended university in Boston,
and now lives in Austin, Texas.

Yet despite living most of his life in major American cities, he never had his
house burglarized or his car plundered.

So it came as a shock, Banner says, to get ripped off while on holiday in Canada
-- a country perceived in the United States as a safe, clean place to visit.

"I had no idea that property theft was rampant in this city," he said.

In fact, Greater Vancouver leads all major metropolitan areas in Canada with a
property crime rate of 10,494 incidents per 100,000 people.

The rate jumped 4.4 per cent last year and is now more than double Toronto's and
far ahead of all other major Canadian cities.

New York City had a rate of 5,365 property crimes per 100,000 population in
1994, the most recent year for which figures were available Wednesday.

Boston had a rate of 7,618 and Austin 7,306 in 1994.

Banner said more must be done to warn tourists about Vancouver's dark side. He
suggested posting more warning signs and increased security at parkades.

"My impression is that there's not a big problem with violent crime or guns or
anything like that. But there's definitely, from a tourist's perspective . . .
problems with property crime."

In another incident Tuesday, two American tourists, a man and a woman were
mugged at the Main Street SkyTrain station. The man refused to hand over his
money to the robber and was slashed above the eye with a knife. Police arrested
a suspect, who was charged with robbery and assault with a weapon.

Tourism Vancouver president Rick Antonson said incidents like these give
everyone in Vancouver a black eye.

"They say when somebody has a good experience they tell three or four people; if
they have a poor experience, they tell 10 or 12," Antonson said.


LOAD-DATE: August 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ian Lindsay, Vancouver Sun / VICTIM: Tourist Gordon Banner's car
was broken into at downtown parking lot.

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 22, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

26 INDICTED ON CHARGE OF RUNNING ORGANIZED-CRIME GROUP IN JERSEY

BYLINE: By ROBIN TONER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 933 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Aug. 21


Twenty-six people were accused today of running the New Jersey branch of an
organized-crime group, officials said.

Acting on a sealed indictment returned in Newark, law-enforcement authorities in
Florida and New Jersey conducted dawn raids today, arresting 20 of the 26.

The prosecutor, United States Attorney Thomas W. Greelish, said the indictment
''brings to a dramatic halt the operation'' of the New Jersey branch of the
Luchese crime organization. These 26 defendants constitute ''the vast bulk'' of
the Luchese group operating in New Jersey, he said.

Mr. Greelish said he believed that the indictment, returned Monday by a Federal
grand jury, was the most comprehensive ever returned in New Jersey against a
reputed organized-crime group. It culminated a four-year investigation by the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, said Robert Wright, assistant special agent in
charge of the Newark division of the F.B.I.

Federal authorities described one of the defendants, Anthony Accetturo, 47 years
old, of Hollywood, Fla., as the leader of the New Jersey operation. Mr. Greelish
said another defendant, Michael Taccetta, 38, of Florham Park, N.J., acted as
the ''chief executive officer.'' According to the authorities, Mr. Accetturo set
policy for the operation and resolved disputes.

Mr. Greelish said the group's activities ''range from an extorted 25 percent
takeover of a gem-distribution business'' in Florida to ''loan sharking at
interest rates of 156 percent annually.''

The indictment in New Jersey is part of a nationwide crackdown against reputed
members of organized crime. In February, nine men were charged in Manhattan with
participating in a ''commission'' that governs the five organized-crime factions
in New York. They are awaiting trial.  The prosecutor in the New York cases,
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, declined to
comment on the details of the New Jersey case, but said: ''I think the
investigation of organized crime around the country is quite impressive. Since
it is a nationwide organization, almost anything done in any part of the country
helps us and vice versa.''

Loan Sharking and Drugs

The 81-page indictment charges that the 26 men were members of a group, which
Federal authorities called the Taccetta Group Enterprise, that conducted a wide
range of illegal activities, including loan sharking and gambling, the sale of
cocaine and marijuana, the acquisition and distribution of counterfeit credit
cards and the use of a now-defunct oil company to commit fraud.

George Abdy, a Totowa, N.J., lawyer, who said he knew several of the men
charged, said today: ''An indictment is no evidence of guilt. It's just a mere
allegation. And most of it is based on hearsay, which is unreliable.'' He did
not indicate which of the defendants he might be representing.

Mr. Wright of the F.B.I. said most of the arrests were made at the suspects'
homes. One man, James Fede, 31, of Newark, eluded capture by jumping out of a
second-story window at a residence in Belleville, N.J., the authorities said.

The indictment charges that from 1979 to 1983, one of the defendants, Robert
Caravaggio, 45, of Livingston, N.J., was the chief executive officer of a
company called Carmata Petroleum Inc., which ''he operated for the benefit'' of
the Taccetta group.

Under Mr. Caravaggio's direction, the indictment charges, inflated fuel oil
bills were sent to Carmata Petroleum customers, including the Paterson, N.J.,
Board of Education and the Newark Community Housing Corporation.

Mr. Wright said the Carmata company, formerly situated in Whippany, N.J., was no
longer in operation.

The indictment describes in detail a loan-sharking operation, including
allegations of beatings and threats of beatings for people in arrears on
payments. It also contends that the enterprise was active in a range of gambling
that included numbers, horse betting and video gambling machines.

The 12-count indictment includes two counts, naming all 26 defendants, charging
conspiracy and a ''pattern of racketeering activity'' under the Federal
Racketeer-Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act.

The indictment also includes seven counts relating to cocaine and marijuana
possession and distribution, naming 14 people; one count relating to the
operation of a gambling enterprise, which names 10 people, and two counts
relating to credit-card fraud, naming 10 people.

These are the others charged in the indictment: Martin Taccetta, 34, of Florham
Park. Michael Perna, 43, of Belleville. Thomas Ricciardi, 33, of Lakewood, N.J.
Alfonse T. Cataldo, 43, of Florham Park. Jerome Voglino, 43, of Livingston, N.J.
Robert Spagnola, 38, of Mountainside, N.J. James Gammero, 37, of Belleville.
Frank Benedetto, 67, of Newark. Michael Ryan, 35, of Belleville. Donald Cross,
40, of Lyndhurst, N.J. Walter Esposito, 35, of Florham Park. Marianne Esposito,
33, of Florham Park. Joseph Licata, 44, of Florham Park. Gerald Cohen, 44, of
Pompano Beach, Fla. Frank Suppa, 45, of Hollywood, Fla. Gerald DeLuca, 40, of
Maplewood, N.J. Giacomo DiNorscio, 45, of Pompano Beach, Fla. Victor Cantillo,
51, of Berkeley Heights, N.J. Manuel Monteiro, 45, of Pompano Beach, Fla. John
Redman, 31, of Parsippany, N.J. Daniel Ricciardi, 31, of Florham Park. Marco
Minichino, 35, of Bloomfield, N.J.  All were arrested except Martin Taccetta,
Daniel Ricciardi, Mr. Fede, Mr. Gammero, Mr. Licata and Mr. Minichino, according
to the authorities. Bail was denied today for five of the defendants: Michael
Taccetta, Thomas Ricciardi, Mr. Perna, Mr. DeLuca and Mr. Redman.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Michael Taccetta (AP)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 11, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION IN SUMMARY;
It's O.K. to Feel 8.2 Percent Safer

BYLINE: By William C. Rhoden and Richard Levine

SECTION: Section 4; Page 5, Column 4; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 228 words


The cause may be debatable and the effect temporary, but it was good news
regardless: Violent crime reported in New York City declined 8.2 percent in the
first four months of this year from the comparable period of 1981.

According to Mayor Koch and Police Commissioner Robert J. McGuire, who announced
the reduction last week, there was a 14.4 percent decline in murders and
non-negligent homicides. The number of reported rapes declined 11.3 percent,
robberies 7.8 percent and aggravated assaults 8.6 percent. Crimes against
property, particularly burglaries, dropped 15.7 percent.

Officials attributed part of the decline to the hiring of more police,
initiation of an anti-robbery program and the push for strict enforcement of the
city's gun control law. But, Mr. McGuire said, ''We do not, in any sense, take
credit for the homicide decline. They seem to have a life of their own.''

An independent crime specialist warned against making too much of the report.
''No one should have terribly much faith in one fourmonth period or see it as a
turnaround,'' said Alfred Bloomstein, a professor at Carnegie-Mellon University
in Pittsburgh. ''Those four months could be a fluke - a particulalry cold winter
which kept people inside.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans
Division

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.





 Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New
York Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.



 From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director&rsquo;s Award in 2005.



 After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda&rsquo;s financial assets.



 From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.



 In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.



 In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi &ldquo;Baby Shanks&rdquo; Manocchio.



 In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division&rsquo;s counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led
the coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist
attacks.



 Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans
Division

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.





 Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New
York Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.



 From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director&rsquo;s Award in 2005.



 After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda&rsquo;s financial assets.



 From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.



 In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.



 In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi &ldquo;Baby Shanks&rdquo; Manocchio.



 In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division&rsquo;s counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led
the coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist
attacks.



 Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans
Division

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.





 Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New
York Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.



 From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director's Award in 2005.



 After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda's financial assets.



 From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.



 In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.



 In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi &ldquo;Baby Shanks&rdquo; Manocchio.



 In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division's counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led the
coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist attacks.




 Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Jeffrey S. Sallet Named Special Agent in Charge of New Orleans
Division

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 FBI Director James B. Comey has named Jeffrey S. Sallet as the special agent in
charge of the New Orleans Division. Mr. Sallet most recently served as the
section chief of the public corruption and civil rights section in the Criminal
Investigative Division, where he had oversight and responsibility over the
public corruption, international corruption, international human rights, and
civil rights investigative programs.





 Mr. Sallet entered on duty with the FBI in 1997 and was assigned to the New
York Division, where he investigated organized crime, public corruption, labor
racketeering, and counterterrorism matters.



 From 1998 to 2005, Mr. Sallet was the case agent on the investigation of Joseph
Massino, the Bonanno La Cosa Nostra family boss. This investigation led to the
indictment and conviction of Massino and more than 100 organized crime figures,
as well as the successful resolution of more than 30 cold case murders. For his
efforts on this investigation, Mr. Sallet received the Executive Office for
United States Attorneys Director's Award in 2005.



 After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Mr. Sallet was selected as a
financial investigator and was responsible for identifying the funding for the
attacks and tracking Al Qaeda's financial assets.



 From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Sallet served as the supervisory special agent in the
transnational organized crime-eastern hemisphere section at FBI Headquarters
where, he managed La Cosa Nostra investigations in the northeast United States.



 In 2007, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory special agent in the Boston
Division, Providence, Rhode Island Resident Agency, where he was responsible for
narcotics, organized crime, gangs, and violent crime investigations.



 In 2008, Mr. Sallet was promoted to supervisory senior resident agent of the
Providence Resident Agency. In this position he was responsible for all
counterterrorism, public corruption, civil rights, government fraud, and
organized crime investigations in the state of Rhode Island. Mr. Sallet was also
the program coordinator for all organized crime investigations for the Boston
Division. During this time, Mr. Sallet led a collaborative law enforcement
effort which resulted in the indictment and conviction of long time New England
La Cosa Nostra boss, Luigi &ldquo;Baby Shanks&rdquo; Manocchio.



 In 2012, Mr. Sallet was promoted to assistant special agent in charge of the
Boston Division, where he was responsible for all white collar crime, public
corruption, health care fraud, and civil rights matters. Subsequent to the
Boston Marathon Bombings, Mr. Sallet was selected to manage the Boston
Division's counterterrorism and crisis management program, where he led the
coordinated law enforcement response and investigation of the terrorist attacks.




 Before joining the FBI, Mr. Sallet worked for two different world wide
professional services firms, first as an auditor and then as a forensic
accountant. Mr. Sallet is a Certified Public Account (CPA) and a Certified
Financial Forensics (CFF). He has lectured extensively throughout the world on
organized crime, FCPA, civil rights, public corruption, forensic accounting, and
crisis response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

FBI report: Violent crime up in Bay Area, California in 2012

BYLINE: Joshua Melvin, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 466 words


Sept. 16--SAN JOSE -- Violent crime rose in many Bay Area cities and across
California in 2012, but the numbers of killings and robberies were below rates
seen in recent years, according to FBI statistics released Monday.

The state experienced a 3.3 percent increase in violent crime, while the United
States as a whole recorded an .07 percent uptick from 2011. For California, it
was the biggest increase in assault, rape, homicide and robbery in at least 20
years, according to the 2012 Department of Justice Uniform Crime Report.

The increase was not surprising after a bloody 2012 in many of the Bay Area's
biggest cities, including Oakland, San Francisco and San Jose, which had 46
homicides, the largest tally recorded there in two decades. It was the second
year of a creeping increases in homicides for the Bay Area's biggest cities.

On top of the human toll came a surge of burglaries and car thefts that pushed
double-digit increases in Bay Area property crimes. According to the FBI report,
property crimes were down everywhere in the U.S. except the West, which recorded
a 5.2 percent hike. This newspaper reported the crime spike was being driven by
several factors, including budget cuts, which had led to police focusing on
violent offenses.

Not everyone considered the FBI report an indication violent crime was poised to
surge after decades of steady decline in California. Barry Krisberg, senior
fellow at UC Berkeley law school, said the FBI data doesn't mean much. He noted
factors such as a law enforcement agency dropping out of the voluntary reporting
system or a reworked definition of a crime can skew statistics.

"People are trying to make much out of a one-year trend," Krisberg said. "But
there are so many problems in regards to the data."

Violent crime rates, which are measured per 100,000 inhabitants, were up in 34
of 64 Bay Area cities between 2011 and 2012. San Jose's rate climbed from 335 to
363; Oakland 1.682 to 1,993; San Mateo 250 to 262; Daly City 179 to 209; San
Francisco 659 to 704; Walnut Creek 106 to 127 and Pittsburg 226 to 234.

Violent crime was down in Palo Alto from 98 to 80; Concord 348 to 321 and South
San Francisco 214 to 170, the report said.

For many Bay Area cities, the 2012 numbers, though higher than in 2011, were
below violent crime rates recorded in the previous five years. For example, East
Palo Alto marked a violent crime rate of 1,157 in 2012, an increase of 234 over
the previous year. However, the rate was even higher in 2009, 1,165, according
to the FBI report.

Contact Joshua Melvin at 650-348-4335. Follow him at Twitter.com/melvinreport.

___ (c)2013 the San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) Visit the San Mateo
County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130916-SM-FBI-report-Violent-crime
-up-in-Bay-Area-California-in-2012-0916-20130916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2013 Small Business column


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 634 words


PAY FOR PUBLIC SAFETY

We train healthy young adults to fight and kill to protect our freedoms. When
they come home, we include some in the gun violence statistics. We say we need
to recognize the mentally ill, but when our soldiers need well-deserved help, we
don't have the money. That's pathetic.

Police are involved more and more in dangerous situations with repeat offenders
let out on the streets with weapons. Not only guns. Read the paper and listen to
the news. Pedophiles, robberies, drug gangs, killings, all because we can't or
won't build, staff and maintain jails, and insist that judges put criminals
away. What happened to the three strikes law? Oh, I forgot, we want these things
but we don't have the money.

Schools need to educate and get out of law enforcement. I want my taxes to pay
for excellent education and excellent law enforcement. Problem students are not
the schools' problems. We are a free society as long as we live within the laws.
Read that line over and over until you understand, and show it to your children,
and then if you really want it, pay the money.

Dick Gardner

Spokane

CRIME STATS BEAR GOOD NEWS

In a recent column, Shawn Vestal mentioned the FBI crime statistics. These are
the FBI Uniform Crime Reports. They can be found by entering FBI Uniform Crime
Reports into a Web browser.

The reports contain a lot of good news. They show that the rate of all crime in
the United States, including violent crime, has been declining since 1992. The
rate of violent crime in 1992 was 757 per 100,000. The rate for 2011 was 386.
The homicide rate in 1992 was 9.3 per 100,000. The homicide rate in 2011 was
4.7. In 2011, we were nearing a 50-year low in the crime rate. The crime rate,
including the homicide rate, was lower in 2011 than in 2004, when the assault
rifle ban expired.

The reports also break down crime rates by states and cities. Washington has
crime rates that are much lower than the national average. Illinois has crime
rates that are higher than the average, but that's entirely because of Chicago.
The rest of that state is a low crime area.

Patrick Torretta

Spokane

HOME OF THE BRAVE?

"The home of the brave." Well, if we're the home "of the brave," why does
everyone need a gun? My family came West by covered wagon 160 years ago. Most
became trail-driving cowboys (including my great-grandma). They were a tough
breed. They carried guns because lawmen were scarce, and cattle needed
protection from predators.

My dad and his brother were born here in the 1890s. They didn't carry guns
because they were rugged individuals who didn't run scared, and by then the law
had arrived. My husband was a decorated combat veteran. He was a reconnaissance
machine-gunner in the infantry. After the war, he never touched a gun again. He
didn't run scared.

Besides ranchers, farmers and hunters, who needs rifles? Why do the people in
this country run so scared that they need to have guns? Where are the brave?

Canadians have rifles for hunting, but they aren't obsessed with guns. They
don't run scared. Why do we? Why do we need a gun to feel brave?

Sally Jackson

Spokane Valley

SIDEBAR:

LETTERS POLICY

The Spokesman-Review invites original letters of no more than 200 words on
topics of public interest. Unfortunately, we don't have space to publish all
letters received, nor are we able to acknowledge their receipt. We accept no
more than one letter a month from the same writer. Please include your daytime
phone number and street address. The Spokesman-Review retains the nonexclusive
right to archive and republish any material submitted for publication.

Send letters to:

Letters to the Editor

The Spokesman-Review

999 W. Riverside Ave.

Spokane, WA 99201

Email: editor@spokesman.com

Fax: (509) 459-3815

Questions: (509) 459-5450

TYPE: Letters

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 18, 2012 Monday

City shows slight rise in incidents of violence

BYLINE: Erica Blake, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 879 words


June 18--Despite a nationwide trend showing a drop in crime over the past year,
Toledo was among those communities where incidents of violence increased,
however slightly, according to FBI statistics.

Numbers released recently in the preliminary Uniform Crime Report showed that
violent crime in Toledo increased -- although by only 0.5 percent -- to 2,868
incidents in 2011, up from 2,854 incidents the year before.

Included in those figures are 7 more homicides, 49 more robberies, and 17 more
incidents of arson. Numbers of forcible rapes and aggravated assaults decreased
in 2011 from 2010.

Elsewhere in Ohio, violent crime in Columbus, Cleveland, Cincinnati, and Dayton
followed the national trend and decreased. In Akron, the numbers were up.

City officials have ideas on how to combat the growing numbers.

Mayor Mike Bell's administration points to new programs targeting gang members
and building a camera system throughout the city.

Dan Wagner, president of the Toledo Police Patrolman's Association, said he
believes the rise in crime can be tackled not with programs but with more
officers.

"I think the numbers speak for themselves. As [police officers] have gone down
in numbers, crime goes up," said Mr. Wagner. "That's not because of the economy.
The economy is better now than it has been."

The FBI has been collecting crime statistics from police departments throughout
the nation for the past 80 years. The 2011 report is based on information
collected from 14,009 law enforcement agencies nationwide.

Overall, the country experienced a 4 percent decrease in violent crime, the FBI
reported.

Toledo mayoral spokesman Jen Sorgenfrei agreed that police officer numbers are
down, but said it was a situation that existed prior to the mayor taking office.
She noted that the mayor has since hired 79 officers and a new class is
scheduled for this fall. "I think [these numbers are] frustrating because we see
how hard our officers work," she said.

"I think we're implementing new programs because we looked at the numbers and
the old programs don't have the result that we need," she added. "So we're
looking to new ideas and new technology."

Toledo City Council President Joe McNamara said Sunday he needed to talk to
police Chief Derrick Diggs before commenting on the statistics.

Crime statistics from Ohio's five largest cities were included in the newly
released preliminary numbers for cities with populations over 100,000 residents.
A complete report is expected to be released this fall.

Toledo was one of two cities that report crime statistics to the FBI to show an
increase in homicides in 2011 compared with the previous year.

"There is no statistical value to the number of homicides in a community,"
Councilman D. Michael Collins said Sunday afternoon. "Homicides are not a
suppressible crime and are not a valid indicator of the violence rate in the
community or the quality of the law enforcement mission."

Mr. Collins then said that taking crimes other than homicides and considering
the share that was perpetrated by people under 18 would be a better such
indicator.

In general, the Midwest was the only region in the country to have more
homicides last year than in 2010, according to the preliminary crime report
released last week.

The FBI report states that there were 30 homicides in Toledo in 2011, but police
and Blade archives show there were 36, without counting the two police-involved
shootings.

The FBI reports 23 homicides in Toledo in 2010 and Blade archives list 25.

Excluding homicides, the largest percentage gain was in motor vehicle thefts,
which increased 22 percent to 1,465 incidents in 2011.

Overall property crime figures were unavailable because the department did not,
according to the FBI's report, include thefts.

Overall violent crime in Toledo was up less than 1 percent, increasing to 2,868
from 2,854 incidents.

Robbery and burglary were both up -- burglary showing the greater incident
increase, with 1,079 more reports in 2011 -- while forcible rape and aggravated
assault both dropped.

With a population of 287,418, Toledo is most similar in size to Cincinnati,
which has a population of 297,160. Cincinnati's numbers include 3,057 violent
crimes, including 61 homicides, more than double the number recorded in Toledo.
Cleveland dropped from among the 10 most dangerous cities in the country but
still documented more violent crimes per capita than any other city in Ohio --
5,413 incidents.

Mr. Wagner said that in Toledo there are 580 sworn police officers. That number
is down from the 599 officers working when Mayor Bell was elected, he said.

The department's authorized strength is 775, Mr. Wagner added.

Although recognizing that the increase in violent crime is small, Mr. Wagner
said it is a number that city officials need to consider.

"We can barely keep up with the calls for service, much less be proactive in the
problem areas," he said. "[The officers] are frustrated because they can't do
any proactive work, and if they do then other crews get backed up."

Blade staff writers Mike Sigov and Taylor Dungjen contributed to this report.

Contact Erica Blake at: eblake@theblade.com or 419-213-2134.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120618-TO-City-shows-slight-rise-in-incidents-of-violence-0618-20120618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 12, 2008 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

High-tech police center opens;
Every crime-fighting agency in county to share information

BYLINE: By Lou Michel - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 456 words


High-tech policing leaps forward today with the opening of the Erie Crime
Analysis Center at Buffalo Police Headquarters.

For the first time, every police agency in Erie County will be able to share
crime information as it is entered into their separate computers through a
special electronic link.

The thinking is criminals don't have jurisdictional boundaries, so why should
police when it comes to analyzing and fighting crime.

"I think the crime analysis centers are the best development in law enforcement
technology since the advent of DNA technology," said Denise E. O'Donnell,
commissioner of the state's Division of Criminal Justice Services, who will be
present for today's official opening of the facility.

The division has provided $5 million to help fund the center here and three
others planned across upstate New York, including Rochester and Syracuse.

"We've gone from 1 1/2 crime analysts in Buffalo to 10 highly trained full-time
analysts equipped with the latest technology. I think that's extraordinary,"
O'Donnell said.

Information developed by the analysts is shared with area police, who can then
make more-informed decisions on how best to deploy limited resources in order to
capture criminals.

"Analysis allows us to have a comprehensive understanding of the crime
environment by looking at it in one single place. Then we can efficiently select
tactics and formulate crime-reduction strategies," said John Bilich, a deputy
commissioner with the state division who was at the center Thursday preparing
for the opening.

Using raw data from the different local law enforcement agencies, analysts
develop crime maps that pinpoint the locations of criminal activities throughout
the entire county.

And when analysts want to know about a suspect, their computers dig up not only
routine information such as prior arrests and outstanding warrants, but also
detailed lists of their criminal associates.

National crime data bases are used as well to help develop a more thorough
picture of an individual or crimes that may have a local connection.

The latest computer software, O'Donnell explained, "allows analysts to identify
patterns, hot spots and links between suspects that would take police officers
hours and days and weeks to put together."

At today's opening, a number of public officials will get a firsthand look at
the center's capabilities. The officials include Buffalo Mayor Byron W. Brown,
Buffalo Police Commissioner H. McCarthy Gipson, Erie County District Attorney
Frank J. Clark, Erie County Sheriff Timothy B. Howard, State Police Maj.
Christopher Cummings and Cheektowaga Police Chief Christine M. Ziemba.

The center's director is James P. Giammaresi, a former Buffalo Police chief.

e-mail: lmichel@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Harry Scull Jr./Buffalo News Kathy Marciano, City of Buffalo crime
analyst, works Thursday in the new home of the Erie Crime Analysis Center.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                          September 20, 2006 Wednesday

Crime rate shows drop in nation's safest big city;
BRIEFLY: NEW YORK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 109 words


New York City remained the safest big city in the United States in 2005,
according to an FBI report.

The report, released Monday, also showed that the city had a 4.3 percent drop in
overall reported crime last year, compared with a nationwide drop of 1.2
percent.

The city's Total Crime Index ranked lowest for crime in 2005 among the nation's
10 largest cities, including Dallas, Phoenix, Houston, Philadelphia and Los
Angeles. Dallas had the worst index ranking, with 8,484.4 reported crimes per
100,000 people. That represents about one crime for each 12 people. New York
City experienced 2,675.5 crimes per 100,000 people, or about one crime per 37
people.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            June 21, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Good and bad on crime

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 321  words


As is often the case, the crime statistics for the first three months of 2006
were a combination of good and bad news.

The best news was a marked reduction in the number of homicides, down 78 percent
from the first quarter of 2005. Only two murders were recorded in the opening
months of this year, compared with nine in the same period of 2005. By May 30 of
this year, the city had six murders.

This reduction should not be taken lightly. When homicides shake this city to
its core, as has happened too often in the past, we look to the police and to
social programs for answers. Police Chief Steve Chalmers attributes the drop in
homicides this year to effective gang suppression. For that, the chief and his
department deserve congratulations.

At Mayor Bill Bell's request, Chalmers also compared Durham's murder rate to 12
other cities, including Wilmington, Richmond, Va., Chapel Hill and Raleigh. It's
worth shouting from the rooftops that Durham, despite its reputation for crime,
ranked ninth on the list, with fewer homicides than Raleigh, which was seventh.
Larceny was also down by two percent.

The bad news in the numbers is that, beyond homicides and larceny, all other
violent crimes were up by 34 percent, including rape, which jumped from 16 to 24
incidents in the first three months. Robberies were also up sharply, from 135 in
the first quarter last year to 210 in 2006.

Crime statistics can seem like an infuriating game where problems are pushed
down in one area only to increase in another.

But the reduction in homicides shows that focused, across-the-community efforts
can have an impact on violent crime. That needs to continue unabated on all
fronts, including law enforcement efforts to crack down on crime and community
programs to provide education, job opportunities, mentoring, domestic counseling
and drug rehabilitation.

We're looking forward to the day when the crime statistics contain only good
news.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Durham Herald Co.


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            January 6, 2002, Sunday

Attacks raise fear level on streets

BYLINE: David Leppard and Jane Mulkerrins

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 906 words


New victims feed alarm over crime

PEOPLE in London are now six times more likely to be assaulted or robbed than
residents of New York, once considered the most dangerous city in the world.

Amid growing concern over the rise in street crime, new police figures show that
2.5 people per 1,000 were victims of violent crime in London in November,
compared to 0.4 per 1,000 in New York. The murder rate, however, is still higher
in New York.

In London the number of assaults and muggings has risen by 28% in the past three
years. But in New York, which has had a policy of "zero tolerance" to crime and
more than 60% more police officers on the streets, violent crime is down by 32%
over the same period.

In London the number of violent crimes - defined as street robberies, assaults
and murders - per person also outstrips that of other American crime hot spots
such as Los Angeles, Chicago and Detroit.

The statistics will add to public concern after a series of violent crimes last
week underlined the apparent inability of the police to act effectively. This
weekend detectives were hunting an armed mugger who stole a 10-year-old's
Christmas money and his friend's mobile telephone in southeast London.

A few days earlier police launched a murder hunt after Kevin Jackson died in a
Halifax hospital. The father of two was stabbed in the head with a screwdriver
by white youths after he tried to stop them stealing his mother-in-law's car.

The two incidents highlight an alarming increase in street robberies and violent
crime.

In Birmingham in November there were 27% more street robberies than in November
2000. In Manchester muggings were up by 15%. Violent crime is worse in London,
where in November there were 5,041 violent robberies, 168 per day, compared with
3,355 in November 2000, a 50% increase.

The scale of the epidemic has put Britain on a level above New York. There were
20,061 incidents of muggings, murders, snatches and violent attacks across
London in November. But there were just 3,673 in New York, the city's police
department said. Over the past 11 months in London violent crime has risen 28%,
a total of 212,177 incidents.

Methods of calculating crime rates are not precise but in general Londoners are
six times more likely to be victims of violent crime than New Yorkers.
Explaining the opposite trends is not simple, but one factor is the number of
police patrolling the streets. While London has 26,000 officers, New York has
42,000. There is one police officer for every 190 people in New York, and one
for every 290 people in London.

Policing methods are also different. Eight years ago Rudolph Giuliani, the
recently retired mayor, introduced a policy of zero tolerance. Police officers
were concentrated in neighbourhoods with high crime levels and even minor
offenders, including fare dodgers, were prosecuted. Giuliani benefited as well
from a fall in the teenage population and a decline in the use of crack cocaine.
Crime during his tenure fell by 64%.

In London, policing has if anything become more liberal. Ever since the
Macpherson report branded the Metropolitan police as "institutionally racist" in
the wake of the murder of the black teenager Stephen Lawrence, stop-and-search
operations have declined sharply. Rank-and-file officers say the tool is
essential in the war on street crime, but senior officers fear being branded
racists.

Other factors are more subjective. Some psychologists blame a collapse in
respect for authority and a general decline in moral standards. Ministers,
however, say the number of muggings reflects the explosion in the use of mobile
phones. They have called in manufacturers to demand they introduce security
features such as code numbers that render handsets useless if stolen. Home
Office figures to be released this week will show that thefts of mobile phones
have risen by almost 200% since 1995. In 1999 there were 5,000 muggings
involving mobile phones. Last year there were 25,000.

Ian Blair, the Metropolitan police deputy commissioner, accepts there is a
serious problem but argues that a big part of it can be explained by a shortage
of officers. "What happened (was) equivalent to the health service," he said.
"If you let it run down too far it's a very difficult road back." He points out
that you are still four times more likely to be murdered in New York than in
London and says his force arrested 27% more robbers in 2001 than in the previous
year. But muggings in September, October and November still rose by 43% compared
with the same period in the previous year.

Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan police commissioner, recently told David
Blunkett, the home secretary, that he will need a new law to tackle street
robbers. He wants muggers to be treated like burglars, with an automatic prison
sentence for anybody caught three times.

Ministers say the British Crime Survey shows that violent crime actually fell by
19% between 1999 and 2000. But the survey is out of date and reports only crimes
against those aged over 16, while many muggings involve victims aged between 14
and 17.

John Denham, the police minister, said: "A lot of the increase in the robbery
statistics is mobile phone theft and a lot of that is stealing by school-age
children from other children." He said that a "hard core" of persistent young
offenders needed to be targeted.

Editorial, page 16


LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Newspapers Limited


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 14, 2001 Tuesday Three Star Edition

SPORTS DIGEST

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Digest Column; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 440 words


FOOTBALL

Kentucky coach gets new deal

Kentucky football coach Guy Morriss had his initial one-year, $400,000 contract
extended four years to run through the 2005 season.

Morriss took over the team on Feb. 6, following the resignation of coach Hal
Mumme in the wake of a school investigation into NCAA violations in the football
program.

The Wildcats finished 2-9 last season.

* The man who killed the daughter of former NFL star Fred Biletnikoff was
sentenced to 64 years to life in prison.

Mohammed Haroon Ali admitted strangling Tracey Biletnikoff, 20, on Feb. 15,
1999. He demonstrated for police in a videotaped interview how he did it - first
with his hands and then with a T-shirt.

The jury in Redwood City, Calif., deliberated for 2 1/2 days in April before
deciding on first-degree murder, rather than a lesser charge of manslaughter.

BASKETBALL

Heat sign backup center

The Miami Heat signed 7-foot center Ernest Brown to serve as a backup for Alonzo
Mourning.

* Orlando Magic forward Grant Hill is slowly working his way back into playing
shape.

"I've been feeling really good of late, but at first I was wondering if I was as
fast as I used to be," said Hill. "I wasn't jumping too well and I couldn't even
dunk a few months ago. Slowly it started to come, but I really had to work at
it. Now, I'm doing stuff I haven't done in a couple of years. I'm dunking, I'm
high up on the rim and I'm sprinting really hard. I don't know if it's because
I've been out a year, but I feel young and energized like I was three or four
seasons ago."

* Free-agent Bryant Stith, who has averaged 10.7 points a game in nine NBA
seasons, has signed with the Cleveland Cavaliers.

* Sacramento Kings guard Bobby Jackson underwent successful surgery on his left
thumb.

* The Charlotte Hornets signed free-agent forward Matt Bullard.

HOCKEY

Islanders re-sign Jonsson

Defenseman Kenny Jonsson re-signed with the New York Islanders.

Jonsson, 26, a native of Sweden, finished second among the team's defensemen
last season in goals with eight and points with 29 in 65 games.

* Center Alyn McCauley re-signed with Toronto.

* An arbitrator has awarded Phoenix Coyotes center Daymond Langkow a two-year,
$4.2 million contract.

BOXING

Whitaker is free on bond

Former boxing champion Pernell Whitaker was released from jail in Virginia
Beach, Va., on $5,000 bond.

Whitaker, 37, was arrested Friday after deputies at the courthouse said they
found cocaine on him as he was being processed to serve a four-day jail sentence
for two traffic convictions. Whitaker was charged with possession of a
controlled substance.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       May 20, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

IS THE CRIME TIDE SHIFTING AGAIN?

BYLINE: KARL ZINSMEISTER

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. P08

LENGTH: 661 words


ONLY OCCASIONALLY do we observe true sea changes in culture and politics. When
it comes to the topic of crime and punishment, however, there was a genuinely
tidal reversal in American society during the 1980s and 1990s.

Think back just 20 years: In New York City, all the highway walls and subway
cars were plastered with gang graffiti, aggressive panhandlers were legion,
streets and trains were dangerous, and many people actually had the radios
removed from their cars so that thieves wouldn't break in to steal them. (Owners
would wave little white surrender flags in the form of signs reading "No Radio"
placed in the side windows of their vehicles for the convenience of the thieves
then running the streets.)

In that same era, Los Angeles County was suffering nearly 900 murders per year.
Miami was experiencing the highest crime levels ever recorded since the feds
starting gathering statistics. And in Detroit, Philadelphia, Washington,
Atlanta, Boston, and many other cities, out-of-control crime was driving
middle-class people to the exurban fringes and destroying center-city economies.

At that point, the American public reacted. Enough is enough, said voters. Up
went police budgets (a tripling), new prison walls (a quadrupling of capacity),
and support for capital punishment and trying violent juveniles in regular
courts (doubling). Down went the soft-on-crime attitudes that had taken root
during the national nervous breakdown we call the 1960s. In came reform-minded
new mayors such as Rudy Giuliani in New York City and Richard Riordan in Los
Angeles.

But over the last year or so, we may have passed another threshold. Renewed
activist hammering against capital punishment has recently edged public opinion
in a softer direction on this and other crime questions. A couple of ugly
scandals, plus endless drum-beating about police brutality, seem to have
undermined citizen support for cops. It has also made cops less willing to take
personal risks to make streets safer.

The effects of all these changes may already be showing up in statistics. After
tumbling for most of a decade, crime actually edged up in the last year in
places like Los Angeles (where the police have been eviscerated after a
corruption scandal) and New York (where movie stars and rabblerousers spent much
of 2000 picketing police stations under the instigation of Al Sharpton).

Violent crime was up more than 7 percent in Los Angeles, with homicides jumping
28 percent. The kinder and gentler NYPD, meanwhile, has yielded double-digit
increases in homicide rates over recent quarters (after five years when murders
were reduced by more than two-thirds).

Now many of the tough, steely public administrators who engineered our recent
crime rollback like Mayors Giuliani and Riordan are leaving office. And in both
New York and Los Angeles, as well as in other places, it looks as though the
replacements will be liberal throwbacks.

Having new captains at the helm will affect crime-fighting. If the pressure from
City Hall to eradicate lawlessness eases up (or very possibly even reverses, on
"progressive" or "civil rights" grounds), control of our urban streets could
revert to the bad guys surprisingly quickly.

Could we again begin to see "No Radio" signs, in-your-face panhandling, and
gunshots on street corners in American neighborhoods? Indeed we could.

Given our big new investments in prisons, police and the like, it will take real
effort to throw away the law-and-order progress won over the last two decades.

But the consensus against crime that got us on today's downward path may be
eroding.

Should we lose our hard-won sense of realism and let the fight against crime be
undercut by ideologues and activists, we could slip back to the bad old days
much faster than many people realize.

Zinsmeister is the editor-in-chief of The American Enterprise, whose June issue
is devoted to current crime trends (www.TAEmag.com).

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      June 15, 2000 Thursday Final Edition

120 Charged in stock fraud bust; U.S. crime bosses among them

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Larry Neumeister

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Charges were brought yesterday against 120 people in what federal prosecutors
said was the largest securities fraud crackdown in U.S. history. Among those
charged were members of all five New York City organized crime families.

The far-reaching alleged fraud stretched over five years. And never before have
so many people been charged at once in such a case, U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White
said. She said 98 had been arrested by early afternoon.

Barry Mawn, of the FBI, said the investigation had "uncovered once again La Cosa
Nostra's efforts to infiltrate the securities markets. No matter what market the
mob tries to infiltrate ... the methods it uses are always the same: violence
and the threat of violence."

Richard Walker, of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, called the
alleged crimes "among the most egregious witnessed in recent years."

As part of the overall scheme, the Internet was sometimes used to promote
stocks, and companies were falsely touted as dot-com companies to induce
investors to capitalize on the Internet boom, prosecutors said.

The charges were detailed in 16 indictments and seven criminal complaints
unsealed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan. The schemes allegedly resulted in
total losses of more than $50 million US.

Among those charged in the mammoth scheme were 10 alleged members and associates
of organized crime, a former New York police detective, a West Coast investment
adviser, stock promoters, brokers, and officers, directors and other insiders of
several companies.

Arrests occurred in New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Maryland,
Virginia, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Texas, Illinois, Utah and California.

The participants allegedly engaged in racketeering, using bribery, extortion and
even soliciting murder to further frauds that reaped millions of dollars in
illegal profits.

Members and associates of the Bonanno and Colombo organized crime families
allegedly forged alliances with the other three New York crime families,
prosecutors said in a statement.

They then sought to defraud union pension plans, using traditional "boiler-room"
operations and Internet techniques to carry out their crimes, prosecutors said.

When those techniques failed, they resorted to threats, extortion, physical
intimidation and the solicitation of murder to achieve their goals, they said.

The criminal enterprise allegedly tried to manipulate eight publicly traded
securities and to defraud investors in connection with three private placements
of securities, including one by Ranch 1 Inc., a company that operates fast-food
restaurants in the New York City area and elsewhere.

In recent years, members of organized crime families have surfaced more
frequently in securities fraud investigations.

Authorities have said mobsters have tried to infiltrate Wall Street because they
have been forced out of many of their more traditional rackets and because
dramatic rises in the value of stocks have convinced them there is easy money to
be made.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jo White

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                           November 22, 1999, Monday

7-YEAR TREND; Crime falls another 10 percent this year

BYLINE: NICK ANDERSON, L.A. Times News Service

SECTION: Front Page; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 350 words


WASHINGTON - Serious crime nationwide, on the wane since a 1991 peak, plunged
another 10 percent in the first six months of 1999, and the murder rate fell an
even sharper 13 percent, according to an FBI survey based on crimes reported to
police.

A 6 percent average decline in serious crime was reported in cities with
populations greater than 1 million.

Raleigh and Charlotte bucked the falling trend, with serious crime rising
slightly.

The figures released by the FBI Sunday, the first to look nationwide at the
first half of this year compared to the first six months of 1998, found
reductions of 8 percent in violent crimes and 10 percent in property crimes -
the two categories of serious crime.

Police officials and criminal justice experts say a range of factors accounts
for the 7 years of falling crime reports.

"No. 1, the economy is good," said Sgt. Raul Luna of the Santa Ana, Calif.,
Police Department, which reported a serious crime drop of 6 percent. Sgt. Luna
also cited a decline in the population of teen-agers and young adults, who are
most prone to crime.

The FBI statistics were culled from reports forwarded by more than 9,300
law-enforcement agencies that account for roughly two-thirds of the nation's
population. They provide a preliminary snapshot of public safety in the
half-year, combining reports of violent crime and property crimes such as
burglary, larceny and auto theft.

A fuller survey on 1999 crime statistics is due next spring. In May, FBI figures
showed that reported crime in 1998 had dropped 7 percent compared to the year
before - the seventh straight year of such declines.

FBI officials say this is the longest streak of declining crime reports since
the bureau began collecting national crime data in 1930.

All regions of the country reported drops in serious crime in the latest survey,
but the steepest decline - 12 percent - was in Western states. The South had the
smallest declines overall. Robbery nationwide was down 10 percent; rape, 8
percent; and aggravated assault, 7 percent. Property crime reports also fell.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 20, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

Police Enlist E-Mail Service to Keep Residents Informed on Crime

Sewell Chan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 606 words


Police in the District and Arlington County have added a new weapon to their
arsenal of community policing: e-mail.

Residents of the two jurisdictions can receive daily notices of all crimes in
their neighborhoods. Police compile the summaries, which run the gamut from auto
theft to homicide, and e-mail them to CrimeReports.com. The Web site, started
and maintained by Arlington resident Greg Whisenant, automatically sends notices
to subscribers who are registered to receive them.

Arlington residents began receiving the crime summaries in March. D.C. police
sent out their first notices July 9.

Police participation in the e-mail service is their latest effort to become
technologically savvy and to get residents more directly involved in combating
crime. By sending out crime alerts and notices of community meetings over the
Internet, the police hope to enlist more help from ordinary people in gathering
intelligence and apprehending suspects.

The D.C. police department's own Web site, launched in November, provides
contact information, news of community meetings and crime data compiled by the
D.C. police Tactical Crime Analysis Unit, said Kevin P. Morison, communications
director for the D.C. police.

Whisenant's e-mail service "will allow us to use technology to push this
information out to the community," Morison said.

District police already make raw summaries of crime incidents available to
newspapers as a public service, said Sgt. Joseph C. Gentile, a police spokesman.
The e-mail service will let residents receive notices daily and see summaries of
crimes in their particular police district.

Whisenant started the Web site and operates it from his office in a downtown
public relations firm. Whisenant, 30, had his own brush with crime in February,
when he inadvertently let a burglar into his Pentagon City apartment building.
The burglar stole two bicycles from the garage.

Whisenant said the incident spurred him to use his computer skills to help the
police. He is incorporating the service and hopes to solicit corporate
sponsorships to defray the cost of maintaining the site, which is at
www.crimereports.com. He is not charging police departments or residents.

"It's giving the community wide-open access to the information the police have,"
he said. "These reports are not edited in any way. This is the real deal."

As of yesterday, 147 people were receiving the Arlington police notices, and 75
had subscribed for D.C. notices. In addition, Whisenant said, more than 150
people have signed up for his service in Woodstock, N.Y.; Salt Lake City; and
the University of Utah at Salt Lake City, which maintains a separate police
department.

Kathy Smith, a member of the D.C. police chief's Citizens Advisory Council, said
she appreciates the e-mail notices for their comprehensiveness.

But James Alan Fox, professor of criminal justice at Northeastern University,
said that published police log information generally has little value and that
crime statistics are often misinterpreted by the public.

"I'm a big Internet fan, but this idea needs more planning," Fox said.

Capt. Thomas M. Panther, coordinator of the e-mail service for the Arlington
police, said the department hopes citizens will use computers in local libraries
to access the crime notices. The service is the best way to "get information to
people's fingertips" about something that may be occurring "but does not rise to
the level of being covered by the popular media," he said.

Searchable crime reports from all area jurisdictions are available on the Web at
www.washingtonpost.com/crime.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 30, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

Phila. Police Chief Fights Inaccurate Crime Reports; Data Sent to FBI Often
Downgraded Major Incidents to Make City Seem Safer

Debbie Goldberg, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 939 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


When John F. Timoney took over the Philadelphia police department last March, he
preached the importance of timely, accurate crime data as one of the most
effective tools for fighting crime and managing the force. Since then, Timoney
has withdrawn and recalculated Philadelphia's 1997 crime data submitted to the
FBI and withheld figures for the first half of 1998 because of what he described
as widespread inaccuracies and discrepancies.

Now, the new chief imported from New York is trying to eliminate what police and
politicians here say is a long-standing practice of downgrading major crimes to
less serious categories that are not included in the federal crime statistics.

Recent audits of police records for 1997 and 1998 have uncovered thousands of
major crimes downgraded to less serious categories or dropped from the logs.

The result has been a rosier picture of Philadelphia crime rates than reality
dictates at a time when many cities -- including this one -- are under strong
public pressure to make the streets safer.

"No, I wasn't surprised," Mayor Edward G. Rendell said of reports that
significant numbers of serious crimes likely have been downgraded over the
years. Rendell, a former district attorney, said, "Since the [former mayor
Frank] Rizzo days, I believed our crime statistics were probably not accurate,
but there was nothing we could establish or prove."

Misreporting crime data is not just Philadelphia's problem: The issue has been
raised in several cities in recent years. Attorney General Janet Reno said two
weeks ago that her office will review crime data submitted to the FBI by
Philadelphia and Boca Raton, Fla., two cities in which she cited the possibility
of significant errors, according to Justice Department spokesman Gregory King.

"It's been an accepted practice over a long period of time," said a 25-year
Philadelphia police department veteran, who agreed to talk on the condition his
name not be used. "There's pressure to keep crime statistics down, and captains
are held responsible for what goes on in their districts."

A typical example, this officer said, is when a stolen license plate -- a crime
that should be reported to the FBI -- is logged as missing property. After all,
he explained, "It could have fallen off the car." He said another example is
when someone stabbed by a family member or friend does not want to prosecute,
the crime may be downgraded from aggravated assault to a hospital case, which
also is excluded from federal statistics.

Whatever the reason for inaccurate crime counts -- carelessness, lack of
training and purposeful finagling -- there is little reliable crime data
available for Philadelphia for recent years, making it difficult to gauge
whether certain crimes are going up or down. Just as important, crime-fighting
experts agree that timely, accurate information on what types of crimes are
occurring and where is crucial for the effective deployment of officers.

Timoney, in an interview, said he has heard of the practice of downgrading
crimes from longtime Philadelphia police officers, but noted that many of the
reporting errors uncovered in recent audits were "stupid, careless" mistakes.

"It's hard to prove anyone intentionally went down with crime," Timoney said.
"But there clearly are too many mistakes for my comfort level."

When the figures for 1997 were reworked, it turned out the city's crime rate had
not dropped, as initially reported, but actually had risen almost 2 percent over
the previous year. The figures covered the eight major crime categories
monitored by the FBI, namely homicide, rape, robbery, aggravated assault,
burglary, larceny, auto theft and arson. On the other hand, since no one is sure
how accurate the crime statistics are for previous years, comparing year-to-year
figures is difficult.

But in a bit of good news, the homicide rate in Philadelphia has dropped sharply
so far this year: As of Nov. 20, it was down about 18 percent compared with the
same period in 1997. And homicide figures generally are considered to be among
the most accurate of crime statistics.

One reason Philadelphia and other cities can take liberties with crime data is
that the system for reporting crime statistics lends itself to creative
bookkeeping, said Jack Greene, a Temple University professor of criminal
justice. For one thing, data are collected and submitted by police departments
voluntarily, with little monitoring or oversight by the FBI. And some crimes
legitimately may be categorized in different ways. For instance, if a chain is
snatched from someone's neck at gunpoint, he said, it could be reported as armed
robbery, assault or property theft.

And if police captains are under pressure to reduce crime in their districts,
they may be tempted to fudge the figures, hoping to impress their bosses, Greene
said. "If you're labeled the murder capital of the world, you're not going to
get convention business," Greene noted wryly, alluding to the recent selection
of Philadelphia as the site of the Republican National Convention in 2000.

In light of the discrepancies, Timoney has taken steps to improve the accuracy
of crime reporting. He has removed two police captains from districts where
crime data were found to be particularly unreliable, and has decreed that each
report written by an officer be reviewed and initialed by the district
commander. Police auditors will continue to run random spot checks of crime
reports citywide, and occasionally investigators will pose as crime victims to
check if incidents are being recorded accurately by police.


LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 10, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Study: Curfews do not reduce juvenile crime

BYLINE: Gary Fields

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Curfews, considered by some law enforcement officials
to be a key tool in combating juvenile crime, actually have no
effect on the rate, according to a study to be released today
by the Justice Policy Institute.

The study looks at youth crime rates in California and compares
communities that use curfews with those that do not.

"I think the numbers in California are so unequivocal, it must
have national implications," said Vincent Schiraldi, director
of the nonprofit institute, which studies criminal justice alternatives.
"There needs to be a re-examination of curfew laws."


Among the findings:

-- Counties with strict curfews witnessed no decrease in juvenile
crime when compared with counties without curfews.

-- The juvenile crime rate, particularly for misdemeanors, went
up among white and Asian-American youth in areas where curfews
were used.

-- In Monrovia, where a daytime curfew was enforced, youth crime
went up during school months but dropped in the summer, when the
curfew isn't enforced.

Monrovia youth services officer William Couch said the study misses
the point of curfews. The curfew in Monrovia, which is east of
Los Angeles, runs from 8:30 a.m. until 1:30 p.m. and is designed
to keep children from leaving school. As a result, "our dropout
rate is decreasing," Couch said.

"If you are away from campus, you have to go to a judge and tell
her why you were off campus," Couch said. "If she finds you
guilty, you have to do community service."

Couch said that the city's crime statistics show that the curfew
has cut into the juvenile crime rate during the school year.

Justice Department spokesman Gregory King said that although the
department supports them, "curfews alone are not the solution."
He said curfews must be combined with after-school programs and
counseling.

"The attorney general has said it does no good to take a kid
off the street at 11 p.m. and put him in a police station if you
don't deal with the reasons he was out in the first place," King
said.

Jack Levin, director of the Program for the Study of Violence
at Northeastern University in Boston, said he's not surprised
by any study that shows curfews are ineffective, because curfews
"focus on the wrong time of day for preventing juvenile crime."
He said the peak juvenile crime hours are from 3 p.m. until 8
p.m., "the period after school and before Mommy and Daddy get
home from work." Most curfews begin at 11 p.m.

Jim Pasco, executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police,
the nation's largest police union, said curfews make the job easier
for officers. But "the first threshold isn't an officer saying,
'It's 10 o'clock, get inside.' The first threshold are the parents
who give a little bit of lecture, a little bit of theory and a
little bit of strap."

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 19, 1995 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Crime rate shows decline, but it could be 'lull before storm'

BYLINE: Denver Post Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-19

LENGTH: 610 words


The nation's overall crime rate dropped 2 percent in 1994, the third consecutive
year it has fallen, with a 4 percent decrease in the rate of violent crimes,
according to an annual report to be released by the FBI today.

Colorado was among the states that reported a drop in reports of crimes,
recording a 1.3 percent decrease in reports of major crimes in 1994, compared to
the previous year.

The rate of violent crimes, which include murder, robbery, rape and assault,
actually fell to its lowest level since 1989, the FBI reported, and the murder
rate itself continued its recent decline, similarly sinking to its lowest level
since 1989, nine murders per 100,000 inhabitants.

The FBI data, part of the bureau's annual "Uniform Crime Report," are the latest
indication that crime rates are receding after surging in the mid-1980s and
early 1990s with the epidemic of crack cocaine and the increasing use of guns by
young people.

Geographically, the crime rate was highest in the West, with 6,152 crimes per
100,000 inhabitants, while it was lowest in the Northeast, with a rate of 4,344
per 100,000, the report said. The South had the highest murder rate, accounting
for 42 percent of the nation's murders.

In Colorado Springs, in 1994 there were 14 murders, 228 rapes, 401 robberies and
860 reported cases of assault.

For Denver, the 1994 figures were: 81 murders, 366 rapes, 1,714 robberies and
2,545 reported assaults.

Law-enforcement officials and criminologists agreed that the FBI data showed
that innovative police strategies generally known as community policing were
beginning to produce results across the country.

But the experts disagreed on whether a long-term improvement in crime rates had
begun or whether they were simply seeing a normal statistical reaction after
years of sharp increases.

"What is interesting about the data is that the numbers are definitely going
down and there is every reason to believe the data are accurate," said John
DiIulio Jr., professor of politics and public affairs at Princeton University.
DiIulio gave major credit to police leaders who had taken a more aggressive
approach to their work, especially New York City Police Commissioner William
Bratton.

But DiIulio cautioned, "This is also the lull before the crime storm."

The professor said the reason for his concern is "40 million kids 10 years old
and under" who are about to become teenagers, the biggest group of adolescents
in a generation, and many of them "fatherless, godless and jobless."

While it is true that the overall national number of violent crimes has been
going down, DiIulio said, the decrease has been largely accounted for by a
steady decline in violent crimes by adults 24 years of age or older during the
last 15 years.

FBI Director Louis Freeh also sounded a note of caution in remarks prepared
along with the report.

"The modest decreases in crime are, in large part, a tribute to the men and
women in law enforcement who daily risk their lives for the public's safety,"
Freeh said.

But he added that "the ominous increase in juvenile crime coupled, with
population trends, portend future crime and violence at nearly unprecedented
levels."

CRIME CHANGE

Percent change of major crimes reported to police in 1994 as compared with the
previous year, by state and region:

WEST                 +0.3

Arizona             +10.4

Colorado             -1.3

Idaho                +9.3

Montana              +6.9

Nevada              +13.3

New Mexico           +1.1

Utah                 +3.8

Wyoming              +4.4

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: STATISTICS

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 19, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

Crime Doesn't Play;
'Family-Sensitive' News Programs Tone Down Coverage of Violence

Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 1776 words

DATELINE: TOWSON, Md.


Jack Cahalan stops the videotape on the final picture of the murder scene.

The news director of Baltimore's NBC affiliate is playing back a report that
aired last December, after two women were killed by a relative while baking
Christmas cookies at home. Unlike most grisly crime stories, he proudly notes,
there was no graphic footage. But in the final seconds, as a policeman walked
away in slow motion, viewers could see the white sheet covering one victim's
body, with her foot sticking out.

"If we had to do it today, I'm not sure I'd run that last shot," Cahalan says.

Cahalan's station, WMAR-TV, has embraced what is becoming the hottest trend in
local television. Six months after the concept was invented at a Minneapolis
station, what some have dubbed "family-sensitive news" has spread to at least 15
cities, including Miami, Pittsburgh, Seattle, Denver, Charlotte, N.C., Tucson,
Sacramento, Calif., and Albuquerque.

Cahalan, who disdains the term "family sensitive," traces his station's shift to
a series of community meetings. "I'm telling you," he says, "no matter what
economic area we're in, white, black, Native American, the moral of the story is
always the same: 'Why do we have to look at so much blood and guts every night
on the news?' After a while you say, well, these are the customers."

Those who are trying to tone down crime coverage are swimming against a tabloid
tide that has washed across the television landscape in the last five years. The
softer approach has not yet penetrated such big-city, high-crime markets as New
York, Los Angeles and Chicago.

One Washington station, WJLA (Channel 7), says it has been de-emphasizing crime
for 2 1/2 years but sees no need to tout it with a special label.

"Being sensitive to families is what we're supposed to be doing," says WJLA News
Director Gary Wordlaw. "We've been trying to de-emphasize body bags and
bloodstained streets and do more coverage of issues. We don't ignore crime, but
you sure don't have to fill up your newscast with it."

Like many fads, family-sensitive news has become a catch-all phrase with no
clear definition. For some stations, it simply means eliminating explicit crime
footage at 5 or 6 p.m., when children are most likely to be watching, but
restoring it on late-night newscasts. For others it means less crime news,
period. Still others speak of providing context and perspective for stories
about violence.

The family-sensitive concept was created by John Lansing, news director of WCCO
in Minneapolis, who now says the idea is being diluted. "Some stations are
jumping into it too fast and are missing the fundamental point: It's not just
about what you eliminate, it's what you add," he says.

For example, Lansing says, while his station didn't use some of the more graphic
testimony about knife wounds in the O.J. Simpson case, "we also added a piece on
how parents might deal with their kids on the O.J. story, and the blurred line
for kids between fiction and reality."

Rival stations are openly skeptical. "It's the latest gimmick in TV news, a
marketing ploy," says David Roberts, news director of Baltimore's WBAL. "I don't
feel it's necessary to have a consultant come in with a gimmick and help me and
the people here determine how we should cover crime. I don't think you can
sugarcoat the news.

"Just because you don't show a body bag doesn't make you more sensitive. In many
cases it just means you got to a story late."

So far, at least, no family-sensitive station has claimed a boost in ratings.
But researchers say the softer format appeals to baby boomers with kids, as well
as to women and better-educated viewers.

By contrast, many stations in search of ratings have emulated the sensational
style of Miami's Fox affiliate, WSVN, whose newscasts comprise 49 percent crime
news, according to a University of Miami study. Since the late '80s, that has
often meant relentless crime coverage punctuated by scary headlines, arresting
graphics, slow-motion footage and dramatic music.

Some critics say journalists have no business trying to shield viewers from the
ugly realities of crime. "I think it would be wrong not to do crime stories in
order to be family sensitive," says David Bartlett, president of the
Radio-Television News Directors Association. "Then you're sensitive but you're
no longer news."

Yet a few television consultants, who advise stations on everything from happy
talk to weatherpersons, have become salesmen for the new sensitivity.
"Television is an imitative business," said Ed Bewley, chairman of Dallas-based
Audience Research & Development, which works with WMAR and eight other stations
taking the milder approach to crime. "Our firm let all our clients know this was
happening and suggested they do it as well."

For in a fragmented media world that has made channel surfing a national
pastime, every local news operation is trying to carve out a niche. "Oprah looks
the same on every channel," Bartlett says. "Third reruns of 'Matlock' look the
same on every channel. The only thing a station can do to distinguish itself
locally is news."


Some television executives now talk about crime coverage with the fervor of
reformed sinners. Sue Kawalerski, news director of Miami's newly sensitive WCIX,
says a crime "feeding frenzy" had "junked up" her program and rendered it
"unwatchable."

Now, WCIX's broadcasts are only 18 percent crime. "We didn't want people to say
after watching our newscast, 'Oh my God, is that all that's happening in the
world? What an awful place to live!' "

Recalling a recent triple murder, Kawalerski says: "We covered it the first day.
The other stations went on and on for days with team reports, speculation, even
relating it to O.J. Simpson," because the case involved the former owner of a
Buffalo bar frequented by Simpson.

Cahalan, a former Cincinnati news director, went through culture shock two years
ago when he arrived here at Baltimore's NewsChannel 2. "I was burned out on
crime after three weeks," he says. "You couldn't get out of the first block [of
stories] without seeing all the police cars and red lights... .

"Covering crime is easy; it's one-stop shopping. You show up, you shoot your
stand-up and you're out. In this city, as in D.C., there are shootings that take
place every day. But that doesn't accurately reflect what's going on in the
community. ... Compared to six months ago, there is less air time devoted to
crime stories."

Still, ambulance-chasing is deeply embedded in a newsroom culture where
adrenaline starts flowing when word of a shooting crackles over police radio. "A
lot of us in TV news have been trained to run on those stories and maybe make
them bigger than they should be," says Aretha Marshall, WMAR's assistant news
director. "It really is harder not to get drawn into that. You almost have to
re-program people, calm everyone down."

WMAR's new approach evolved over time. The first, seemingly incremental change
in behavior came last summer after a shooting in a Reisterstown shopping center.
A reporter raced to the scene, but Cahalan vetoed the obligatory live shot.

"Remember, the shooting took place two hours earlier," he says. "I was going to
have a reporter stand in an empty parking lot with no reason to be there."

Another turning point was the station's restrained coverage of the double murder
last December. "In some ways we use the bodies and the blood as a crutch," says
reporter Jesse Jones, who covered the killings. "I don't think it's censorship
as long as you tell the story that two women were brutally murdered."

In June, all the Baltimore stations dispatched crews when a man named John
Porter shot a police officer, fled in his Ford Bronco along Interstate 95, shot
his girlfriend in the head and then killed himself. Unlike its rivals, WMAR did
not show Porter's body on the pavement.

Joe Lewin, the general manager, later got a call from Porter's sister. "She just
told me she was very grateful to us and she knew we were the only news
organization that didn't use the picture of her brother's body," he says. "She
told me what the family went through every time they saw the body."

In recent weeks, Lewin has been advertising the new policy in a promotional
spot: "You let us know there was too much violence in the news, and we agreed
with you. ... There's a difference now: Crime stories are covered only when
justified, and we always look for a positive angle. And shots of graphic
violence have no home on this station."

But one veteran staffer sees no change in WMAR's approach. Pete O'Neal, an
African American cameraman who cruises the streets at night, describes himself
as "the guy who tries to get the shot of the person on the ground and asks
[relatives] the idiotic question, 'How do you feel?' " The crime issue was
dramatically brought home to O'Neal last year when his mother was killed during
a robbery.

"I don't see anything we've done differently," he says, saying WMAR had never
aired much graphic footage. "All that you see are black males doing bad. Even if
it doesn't lead the show, it's still the same story. [Blacks] are still
portrayed the same way."

What is missing from the routine homicide stories is "why were they killed? Who
were they? What kind of person was Jane Doe? What kind of life did she lead?"
Answering those questions, O'Neal says, "takes more time."

But Cahalan insists things are changing. After police arrested 36 people in a
drug sweep last week, he says, WMAR aired a story on the progress of another
East Baltimore neighborhood that was raided in similar fashion last March. "That
was a conscious effort to go back into a neighborhood that had been billed as
one of the city's worst and look at how people are trying to take back the
streets," he says.

The debate seems to be heating up, in part because of a growing recognition of
television's role in shaping a community's image. Nine South Florida hotels
recently moved to ban WSVN's crime-ridden newscasts because of concern that
tourists might be scared away.

"I was in Washington a year ago and I couldn't believe the parade of body bags,"
Lansing says. "If you're a black male in a large city, the only way you find
your way into a newscast is either in a body bag, handcuffs or sports
highlights."

At Washington's WJLA, Wordlaw says he occasionally shows violent footage if it
is "germane" to a story but does not repeat it day after day.

"I have kids," he says. "When my kids sit down to watch the news, I want them to
be able to watch a fair representation of the total market, and the total market
is not death and destruction."



LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, WMAR'S JACK CAHALAN SAYS MOST TV CRIME REPORTING "DOESN'T
ACCURATELY REFLECT WHAT'S GOING ON IN THE COMMUNITY.", WCCO/MINNEAPOLIS; PHOTO,
DUDLEY M. BROOKS

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FEATURE

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 12, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

President prioritizes crime bill

BYLINE: Bill Nichols

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 313 words


President Clinton Monday urged Congress to make passing a crime bill its first
priority when it returns today from Easter recess, saying, "The American people
have waited long enough."

In the kickoff for a week of events highlighting the crime issue, Clinton told a
Justice Department audience that the nation is eager for answers.

"We don't need to waste their time with frivolous or political amendments and
delay," Clinton said. "We don't need to take months on a task that can be done
in a couple of weeks."

The Senate passed a $ 22 billion crime bill last fall. The House is scheduled to
take up its $ 15 billion bill, which includes most of Clinton's proposals, this
week.

As part of his anti-crime pitch, Clinton said he's determined to find a
constitutional way for police to sweep public housing projects for guns.

Last week, a federal court ruled that the Chicago Housing Authority's search
policy violated the 4th Amendment guarantee against unreasonable searches and
seizures.

Clinton said he's instructed Attorney General Janet Reno and Housing and Urban
Development Secretary Henry Cisneros to develop a national policy.

On April 19, Clinton will participate in MTV's Enough is Enough, a town meeting
on crime for young people in Washington. Also:

-- In a full-page ad today in USA TODAY's News section, the National Rifle
Association blasts Rep. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., as "the criminal's best friend
in Congress." The ad complains that Schumer wants to divert $ 8 billion marked
for prisons in the crime bill to prevention programs. "I wear this ad like a
badge of honor," Schumer says. The NRA's real target, he says, is a gun-control
bill he's sponsored.

-- Wednesday, administration officials will brief 200 opinion leaders from 50
GOP congressional districts.

-- Thursday, Clinton will host a rally for mayors. Theme: police heroes.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Denis Paquin, AP

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 3, 1993, Sunday

FBI: Atlanta most violent U.S. city of its size Silver lining: Crime rate down

BYLINE: By Bill Montgomery STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section F; Page 1

LENGTH: 304 words


Among cities its size, Atlanta led the nation last year in violent crime - ahead
of Miami, Newark, Tampa and St. Louis - and it was second only to Miami in
overall crime, according to the latest national FBI statistics.

But there is a silver lining in the 1992 Uniform Crime Report, released today:
Georgia's capital was also near the top among cities with the highest crime-rate
drop over 1991. Crime in Atlanta dropped 8.4 percent. The nation experienced a 3
percent decrease in 1992. Fort Worth had the highest drop, 17 percent.

The 394-page survey does not rank cities. Calculations by the
Journal-Constitution of 41 cities with populations of 250,000 to 550,000, show
Atlanta had the seventh-largest decrease in overall crime, well ahead of Miami,
Birmingham and New Orleans.

Atlanta Police Chief Eldrin Bell disputed the figures in violent and overall
crime rates, contending "when you compare cities that far apart in population,
there's too much of a variation. You can't use raw numbers to make a proper
comparison," said Bell, a frequent critic of crime-rate rankings.

"Atlanta is a regional sports, transportation and convention center and 17
million people come every year from hundreds of miles away. Our reporting
standards are strict, and many other departments are not, and the FBI report
warns not to make certified comparisons, because they recognize all departments
don't report the same."

But a calculation narrowing the sample to 16 cities of 350,000 to 450,000
population still ranks Atlanta second in overall crime, again behind Miami, with
the fourth-biggest decrease in crime.

In Georgia, Griffin led the state in the biggest annual increase in overall
crime, more than 36 percent over 1991. Newnan had the largest decrease.

Like the nation, the South registered a decline of 3 percent.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932790189

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 2, 1989, Tuesday, Final Edition

Bad Rap Capital

BYLINE: Richard Cohen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A15

LENGTH: 766 words


As a young reporterfor United Press International in New York, I wrote up an
item about a rape in Central Park and sent it to local news organizations only.
When my boss noticed, I was chastised: Central Park rapes get national
distribution.

Now Washington is getting the Central Park treatment. This is to be expected.
Next to New York, Washington is probably the city most Americans love to hate.
Like New York, Washington is a media center, and journalism, like carnivals,
gives the public what it wants. Television has made Washington crime a media
staple. Little wonder it is widely believed to be the most dangerous city in the
United States.

But it ain't. Atlanta is. Newly released FBI statistics show Atlanta with the
highest rate of violent crime. Atlanta is followed by some cities that, for some
reason, never make it on the nightly news: Fort Worth, Dallas, Seattle. To find
Washington, you have to pass 15 other cities -- and even then you haven't come
to the usual suspects: New York and Chicago. They are 17th and 18th,
respectively. As for Atlanta, it had 18.2 violent crimes for every 100
residents. Washington's rate was 9.2.

Of course, Atlanta and, you can bet, other cities have explanations galore for
these figures. Atlanta officials say that rape in Washington is underreported.
That's possible. They say Atlanta's crime figures are distorted because they're
based on the city's population, not on the total number of people who both live
and work in the city -- commuters, for instance. (Do they think no one commutes
to Washington?) They say, in short, that Atlanta is getting a bad rap.

Washingtonians, a sensitive bunch, are moved to tears. Washington may not be the
crime capital it is supposed to be, but it is certainly the bad rap capital,
supplanting even New York. To a certain extent, it has become the victim of its
own success. As New York has shown, media centers tend to devour themselves.

Washington's problem, and an appalling one it is, is murder -- 369 of them last
year. The city has the highest murder rate in the country. But a fair share of
those victims were drug dealers, and a fair share of the murders amounted to
assassinations. In other words, one drug dealer set out to kill another. As they
say in Mafia movies, "Just business -- nothing personal."

That point has been made repeatedly by Mayor Marion Barry. Unfortunately,
Barry's crediblility with the press is as bad as the local crime story is good.
The result is that many people here, as well as those in other places, think
Washington is an exceedingly dangerous place. That's true if you happen to be a
drug dealer. But if for some reason you happen to be otherwise employed, you can
vastly increase the chance of becoming a crime victim simply by moving to
Atlanta. Housing is cheaper, too.

Washington is not helped, of course, by congressional practioners of the cheap
shot. Representing cul-de-sacs, auto parks and shopping malls, they are quick to
denounce the city's elected leaders and offer advice. One senator, Mark O.
Hatfield (R-Ore.), admitted he had witnessed a shooting but failed to report it.
"What's the use?" he seemed to be saying, and then explained his shirking of a
civic obligation: "Washington is different." Yes, 15 other cities are worse.

If, as the Levi bread company used to say, you don't have to be Jewish to love
rye bread, then you don't have to be black to detect the whiff of racism in the
way Washington is being cuffed around. After all, Washington is a majority-black
city and its political leadership reflects that fact.

A certain Texas congressman once told me he moved out of Washington when it --
and here he made a face -- "became a jungle." His state boasts six cities with
higher crime rates than Washington -- Fort Worth, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio,
Houston and El Paso. Washington needs no instruction from Texas. The "stars at
night" turn out to be the ones Texans see when they get bopped on the head.

So welcome Detroit, Boston, Cleveland, Oklahoma City, Jacksonville and 10 other
cities. You all have higher violent crime rates than Washington. We can assume
that congressmen will suggest that these cities be nationalized, that their
police departments be placed under federal control, that any TV station with a
satellite dish will arrive to do vivid reports (don't forget to show the blood,
fellas), that crime will go unreported ("What's the use?"), that their
politicians will be ridiculed and that their residents will do the prudent
thing: Pack up and move to Washington. After all, it's a lot safer here.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 28 1988, Sunday

US crime fight is hit by Mafia trial; Lucchese gang

BYLINE: MARK HOSENBALL, Washington

SECTION: Issue 8560.

LENGTH: 463 words


THE Reagan administration's war on organised crime has been dealt a serious
setback by a jury in New Jersey acquitting 20 reputed members of a violent Mafia
'family'.

Federal prosecutors in Newark, New Jersey, charged the 20 alleged members of the
Lucchese gang in 1986 with participating in a criminal conspiracy, including
illegal gambling, loan-sharking, drug smuggling and credit card fraud.


The trial lasted 21 months, the longest federal criminal case in American
history, and included testimony from 89 witnesses and the presentation of 850
pieces of evidence, including 400 secret tape recordings and 40,000 pages of
transcripts.

But the 12-member jury took only 14 hours last week to decide that all
defendants were not guilty. One juror, Dorothy Bannigan, said the jury found
'many many things that led us to vote the way we did'. Some jurors cheered the
defendants as the judge ordered them to be set free.

The New Jersey case is perhaps the worst setback in a crusade by Reagan's
Justice Department against the Mafia. In New York, the federal district
attorney's office, headed by Rudolph Giuliani, the abrasive prosecutor of Wall
Street insider traders, succeeded in convicting the leaders of several Mafia
families and also broke up an important international heroin ring called the
Pizza Connection after a 17-month trial.

New Jersey, however, has long had a reputation as a Mafia safe-haven, which
Friday's verdict will do little to change. The Mafia is believed to dominate
much of New Jersey's economic and political life and is also said to have
considerable influence in the ocean resort of Atlantic City, where casino
gambling was legalised by the state a decade ago.

The Lucchese family members acquitted in Newark were alleged by the prosecution
to be members of a Mafia 'crew' which operated out of a cafe called the Hole in
the Wall in Newark.

The walls are decorated with pictures of famous gangsters such as Al Capone and
Meyer Lansky, the late financial genius of the American Mafia.

Witnesses at the trial testified that some gang members kissed their alleged
godfather as a sign of respect and held 'sit-downs' to discuss how to proceed
with their nefarious activities.

The jury appears to have had considerable difficulty believing the testimony of
one of the prosecution's principal witnesses, a Mafia hanger-on named Joseph
Alonzo. Testimony at the trial showed that Alonzo was not only a former convict
and drug addict, but had been diagnosed as a schizophrenic and alcoholic and
once shot his cousin, who happened to be one of the defendants, five times.

Robert Brown, the defence lawyer, criticised the prosecution for calling 'liars,
thieves, crooks and criminals' as witnesses for the government.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             January 3, 2016 Sunday

Where guns used in crimes originate

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 695 words


By Christopher Ingraham

The Washington Post

At the state level, more guns typically means more crime and more death,
researchers have consistently found. So some states have enacted stricter laws
to limit gun purchases and to keep firearms from falling into the wrong hands.
But these efforts can be undermined by the free flow of guns across state
borders, some of it legal, some of it not.

Data from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms underscores this point: In
2014, ATF traced the source of over 170,000 guns used in crimes in the U.S. And
well over a quarter of them -- 28 percent -- were used to commit crimes in a
state other than the one they were purchased in. THE MAP ABOVE shows which
states these border-crossing crime guns came from.

In 2014, more than 3,200 firearms originally purchased in Georgia were used to
commit crimes in other states, making it the biggest exporter of crime guns in
the U.S. Texas, Virginia and Florida weren't far behind with more than 2,500
crime guns each. Arizona and Pennsylvania were each the source of more than
2,000 guns used in crimes elsewhere.

Part of this is simply a function of population -- states with more people are
going to have more gun shops, and hence more guns that eventually will make
their way elsewhere. That's why a state like California, with the country's
biggest population, also has a high number of crime guns.

But looking at the map it's also clear that the prevalence of crime guns isn't
just due to population. New York, for instance, has the fourth-highest
population in the country, but it's not even close to the biggest crime gun
exporter. Georgia is the eighth-biggest state but is No. 1 when it comes to
crime guns.

We can correct for some of this by adjusting for population. THE MAP BELOW shows
the number of crime guns exported per 100,000 state residents.

The picture is somewhat different here. West Virginia becomes the biggest
exporter of crime guns at the per-capita level, with 52 crime guns per every
100,000 residents. Alaska and Mississippi also rank highly, as do a number of
states in the south and mountain west.

States with stricter gun laws, like New York, Massachusetts, New Jersey and
California, on the other hand, export relatively few crime guns on a per-capita
basis.

It bears repeating that the majority of crime guns in ATF's data -- 72 percent
of them -- were purchased in-state. So most bad guys are getting their guns
closer to home. But the relatively high numbers of firearms moving across state
borders represent a challenge for lawmakers.

One important thing to note is that the average time between when a gun is
purchased and when it's used in a crime is more than 10 years. This means that
people aren't typically buying in one place and then immediately driving across
state lines to commit a crime.

But that 10-year window does make something of an argument for better ability to
track what happens to firearms after they're sold by a licensed dealer. How does
a gun lawfully purchased in Mississippi end up being used in a homicide in
Chicago a decade later? That's the type of question better firearms research
could answer.

But Congress has explicitly made it difficult, if not impossible, for
researchers to answer these questions. A budget rider known as the Tiahrt
Amendment, passed in 2004, makes it unlawful for ATF's detailed gun trace data
-- which contains information on individual purchasers, guns and retailers --
from being used for any purpose other than crime investigation. That means it's
off-limits for researchers who could use that information to learn more about
where crime guns come from.

The ATF data is not perfect, of course. A 2009 Congressional Research Service
report notes that there is variation in how different jurisdictions recover and
report on crime guns, that many crime guns can't be traced, and that guns
recovered by police may be not be representative of the total universe of guns
used by criminals.

Still, regardless of whether you believe gun laws should be tightened or
loosened, we could get a better picture of how guns are used for legal and
illegal purposes in America if researchers could use the ATF data.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 10, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

F.B.I. INVESTIGATING POSSIBLE CRIME TIES TO PROJECTS IN JERSEY

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 36, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 333 words


Federal officials in New Jersey are investigating possible financial ties
between major organized-crime figures and high-rise and town-house projects
along the waterfront in Edgewater, according to court records and an F.B.I.
official.

''We do have an ongoing investigation up in Edgewater,'' Michael McDonnell, a
spokesman for the Newark office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, said
yesterday. He declined to give details but said the inquiry grew out of a
broader investigation of organized crime in the New York metropolitan area.

Records unsealed in Federal District Court in Newark Friday disclosed that
Federal agents searching for links between developers and organized-crime
figures had seized about $200,000 and voluminous financial records last month in
Edgewater, Fort Lee and East Rutherford.

The records said the agents, in a series of court-authorized searches on Feb.
19, had sought evidence of illegal loans, bribery and other transactions
involving Anthony Salerno and Matthew Ianiello, the reputed boss and underboss
of the Genovese organized- crime ''family.''

Mr. Salerno was indicted in New York City last month on charges of being a
member of a ''high commission'' that governs organized crime in the United
States. Mr. Ianiello also was indicted in New York last month on racketeering
charges.

Court papers in Newark said agents had searched the Fort Lee home of a
developer, Donald Ivaldi; a safe-deposit box at the Midland Bank & Trust Company
in Fort Lee; the office of Marathon Enterprises in East Rutherford; the sales
office of the Shelter Bay Club, a town-house development in Edgewater, and two
construction trailers in Edgewater.

The cash was found in the safe-deposit box, and records of financial
transactions were found at other sites, the court papers said. The F.B.I. has
also subpoenaed records of the Edgewater planning and zoning board relating to
five waterfront projects, including luxury town houses and high-rise
developments.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 5, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
Jersey Crime Drop Of 11% Reported

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 184 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Oct. 4


Overall crime in New Jersey dropped 11 percent in the first six months of 1982,
the state police reported today, the largest decline since authorities began
compiling figures in 1967.

The decline was also greater than the 5 percent rate for the country as a whole
and the 9 percent for the nine-state northeast region.

Overall, violent crime dropped by 1 percent - a 10 percent decrease in murder
was reported - and nonviolent crime was down 12 percent.  The only offense in
which an increase was registered was aggravated assault, which rose 6 percent.
The largest reduction in any category was 22 percent for burglaries.

Lieut. Joseph Kobus, a spokesman for the state police, said officials believed
part of the decrease was attributable to expansions in police departments' crime
prevention programs and neighborhood crime watch groups.

The report said there were a total of 198,220 crimes committed in New Jersey
from January through June -21,792 violent, and 176,428 nonviolent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 11, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

ASSEMBLY APPROVES A BILL REQUIRING CRIMINALS TO PAY COMPENSATION FEE

BYLINE: By ROBIN HERMAN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 509 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 10


A large portion of state payments to crime victims would come from the convicted
criminals themselves under a bill passed today by the Assembly.

The bill would require every person convicted of a crime - from a felony to a
many minor violations - to make a small payment into a fund for crime victims.

While sponsors in both houses said they believed the bill would be approved in
the Senate, a spokesman for the majority leader of the Republican-controlled
Senate said some members felt it might be difficult to administer.

The sponsors of the bill predicted that $5 million could be raised for the Crime
Victims Compensation Board through penalties of $30 for a felony, $20 for a
misdemeanor and $15 for a violation, plus a $1 court processing fee. The payment
would be in addition to any other penalty imposed by the court.

Last year, $5.7 million in state funds was given to crime victims.  In a memo
submitted by the bill's sponsors, the notion that most criminals could not
afford to pay a levy was contested by figures from other states.

The sponsors said that in Ohio, for example, since 1976 a surcharge on felons
and people convicted of misdemeanors had yielded about $4.6 million a year,
financing that state's entire crime victims program.

According to the memo, at least 15 other states have similar programs including
California, New Jersey and Connecticut.  Assemblyman Richard N. Gottfried, a
Manhattan Democrat who is chairman of the Assembly Task Force on Crime Victims,
called the collection rates in those states ''extraordinarily high.''

Mr. Gottfried's co-sponsored the measure with Speaker Stanley Fink, Democrat of
Brooklyn. The Senate sponsor, Ralph J. Marino, Republican of Muttontown, L.I.,
said he was confident that the bill would pass his house.

There were these other actions today:

Generic Drugs

A bill designed to encourage doctors to prescibe generic drugs instead of more
expensive brand-name products was passed today by the Assembly. But it is
expected to meet Senate resistance.

Under the bill, if a doctor did not want his patient to use a generic drug he
would have to specify that preference on the prescription form by writing,
''Dispense as written.'' Now a doctor, at a patient's request, must authorize
generic substitution on a separate line.

City Taxes

The Assembly, by a narrow vote, gave final passage to a bill extending New York
City's resident income tax and nonresident commuter income tax, which provide
$400 million to the city. It failed in the Assembly last week.

Employee Legal Aid

Employees who can show in court that they were dismissed, demoted or transferred
because they applied for worker's compensation or testified at another worker's
compensation hearing would be recompensed for legal fees by their employer under
a bill that passed the Senate today.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 24, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

PACT REPORTED ON MOB'S NEVADA AND JERSEY ROLES

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 11, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Feb. 23


Chicago mobsters were given control over illegal activities in Las Vegas at an
underworld conclave attended by top families of the nation's crime syndicate,
according to The Chicago Tribune.

In return, organized crime leaders in Chicago apparently consented to stay out
of the rackets spawned by legalized gambling in Atlantic City, the newspaper
said.

The Tribune said in its Sunday editions that the agreement was reached at a
meeting in a Philadelphia restaurant 13 months ago.  Attending the meeting were
representatives for the five New York crime families of Carlo Gambino, Joseph
Bonnano, Vito Genovese, Thomas Luchese and Joseph Columbo; the Angelo Bruno
family of New Jersey and southeastern Pennsylvania, and aides from the Tony
Accardo and Joseph Aiuppa families in Chicago, The Tribune said.

2 Families Not Represented

Those at the meeting represented seven of the nine families that are believed to
make up the national Cosa Nostra commission, the paper said. The newspaper
attributed information in the article to underworld and law enforcement sources
who were not identified.

The Joseph Zerrelli family of Detroit did not attend the meeting because of
internal unrest after the death of Mr. Zerrilli, from natural causes, in
November 1976, the newspaper said. Sources were quoted as saying that they knew
of no reason why the Stefano Magaddino family of Buffalo, N.Y., was not
represented.

The newspaper said the purpose of the meeting, which lasted more than six hours,
was to resolve differences over who would receive profits from the illegal
ventures, as well as legitimate businesses, growing out of gambling in Atlantic
City.

The Chicago crime syndicate members were reportedly angered over a decision made
before the meeting that they should stay out of Atlantic City, the sources were
quoted as saying. The decision to turn Las Vegas interests over to the Chicago
mobsters was reached in an effort to appease them, the newspaper said, and the
families reportedly agreed that Las Vegas would no longer be considered ''an
open city'' for gangland activities.

Influx of Chicago Mobsters

Under terms of the agreement, all East Coast crime figures in Las Vegas involved
in narcotics, bookmaking or high-interest loan rackets would be required to
report to representatives of Anthony Spilatro, the reputed mob overseer in
Chicago, the newspaper said. A percentage of all illegal profits would be turned
over to Mr. Spilatro on a regular basis as a tribute to Chicago mob bosses, the
paper said.

In apparent confirmation of the agreement, an Internal Revenue Service affidavit
filed in Federal court in Las Vegas said, ''Spilatro extorts a percentage from
profits derived from all major illegal bookmakers and other organized illegal
activity in Las Vegas.''

Las Vegas police officials have confirmed an increased influx of Chicago crime
figures in the last year, apparently to strengthen the Spilatro organization,
The Tribune said. Chicago mob figures have also been making moves to become
entrenched in legal business enteprises throughout the city, The Tribune said.

The newspaper said Federal agents believed that the murder on March 21, 1980, of
Angelo Bruno, 69 years old, head of the Philadelphia family, was an outgrowth of
the summit meeting.

Mr. Bruno was shot to death as he sat in a car in front of his South
Philadelphia home. The newspaper said one theory on the murder was that Mr.
Bruno had not been firm enough in keeping other families out of the New Jersey
territory.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company
