
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Delinquent Debt Intercept Program

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 In the near future, I plan to introduce legislation to reduce the growing
strain on Pennsylvania taxpayers and local governments caused by outstanding and
delinquent taxes and debts, which leaves Pennsylvanians who have paid their
taxes paying an increasing bill for essential services through a growing tax
burden. My plan to address this growing burden is to create an independent
authority to offset government payments against outstanding taxes and debts owed
to the Commonwealth or local governments. This plan will be known as the
Delinquent Debt Intercept Program, and was introduced as Senate Bill 995 of the
2015-16 session.





 The Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will be structured similarly to the
United States Treasury's Offset Program (TOP), which is an agreement between the
states and the Federal government to collect outstanding money owed in
delinquent taxes and debt. The Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will provide
the Commonwealth, its agencies, political subdivisions and municipal authorities
with a clearinghouse for collecting all delinquent taxes and debts with no cost
to the governmental entity. This will lower the cost for the Commonwealth and
local governments in trying to acquire outstanding payments owed to them. The
authority, working in conjunction with the Governor's Office and the United
States Treasury Department, will collect outstanding payments from the Federal
tax returns and vendor payments as well as Commonwealth vendor payments and
income tax returns of those with delinquent and outstanding taxes and debts.



 Through this collection, the Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will restore
approximately $75 million to the General Fund. In addition, municipalities such
as Philadelphia can expect to see $125 million restored to their budget by the
authority collecting outstanding taxes and debts owed to the City. Consequently,
by collecting these delinquent taxes and debts, the authority assists local
governments as they see their revenue grow without placing an increased burden
on Pennsylvanians who followed the law and pay their taxes. Finally, the
authority, by levying a surcharge on those who have outstanding taxes and debts,
allows the Commonwealth and local governments to receive the full amount of the
delinquent revenues, without needing to finance the authority from our strained
budget.



 The impact of this self-funding authority is to restore funds to the
Commonwealth and local governments, to reduce costs on delinquent tax
collections for local governments and reducing the growing tax burden on law
abiding Pennsylvanians. The authority, acting as an efficient clearing house for
outstanding tax collections and debts, restores tax revenue to the General Fund
and the budgets of local governments.



 Cosponsors of Senate Bill 995 of the 2015-16 session included: Senators
RAFFERTY, VULAKOVICH, TEPLITZ, COSTA, BREWSTER, SABATINA, and DINNIMAN.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Delinquent Debt Intercept Program

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 In the near future, I plan to introduce legislation to reduce the growing
strain on Pennsylvania taxpayers and local governments caused by outstanding and
delinquent taxes and debts, which leaves Pennsylvanians who have paid their
taxes paying an increasing bill for essential services through a growing tax
burden. My plan to address this growing burden is to create an independent
authority to offset government payments against outstanding taxes and debts owed
to the Commonwealth or local governments. This plan will be known as the
Delinquent Debt Intercept Program, and was introduced as Senate Bill 995 of the
2015-16 session.





 The Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will be structured similarly to the
United States Treasury's Offset Program (TOP), which is an agreement between the
states and the Federal government to collect outstanding money owed in
delinquent taxes and debt. The Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will provide
the Commonwealth, its agencies, political subdivisions and municipal authorities
with a clearinghouse for collecting all delinquent taxes and debts with no cost
to the governmental entity. This will lower the cost for the Commonwealth and
local governments in trying to acquire outstanding payments owed to them. The
authority, working in conjunction with the Governor's Office and the United
States Treasury Department, will collect outstanding payments from the Federal
tax returns and vendor payments as well as Commonwealth vendor payments and
income tax returns of those with delinquent and outstanding taxes and debts.



 Through this collection, the Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will restore
approximately $75 million to the General Fund. In addition, municipalities such
as Philadelphia can expect to see $125 million restored to their budget by the
authority collecting outstanding taxes and debts owed to the City. Consequently,
by collecting these delinquent taxes and debts, the authority assists local
governments as they see their revenue grow without placing an increased burden
on Pennsylvanians who followed the law and pay their taxes. Finally, the
authority, by levying a surcharge on those who have outstanding taxes and debts,
allows the Commonwealth and local governments to receive the full amount of the
delinquent revenues, without needing to finance the authority from our strained
budget.



 The impact of this self-funding authority is to restore funds to the
Commonwealth and local governments, to reduce costs on delinquent tax
collections for local governments and reducing the growing tax burden on law
abiding Pennsylvanians. The authority, acting as an efficient clearing house for
outstanding tax collections and debts, restores tax revenue to the General Fund
and the budgets of local governments.



 Cosponsors of Senate Bill 995 of the 2015-16 session included: Senators
RAFFERTY, VULAKOVICH, TEPLITZ, COSTA, BREWSTER, SABATINA, and DINNIMAN.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Properties with delinquent taxes up for auction

BYLINE: Justin Strawser, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 682 words


Sept. 15--SUNBURY -- Northumberland County has the potential to generate more
than $2.8 million in revenue if approximately 250 properties in delinquent taxes
are sold at today's annual upset sale.

As of Wednesday, approximately 31 percent of the properties are in the eastern
portion of Northumberland County. Shamokin has 85 properties. Mount Carmel
borough and township have 70 and Coal Township has 48, totaling $873,317.25 in
delinquent taxes.

While there is an opportunity for the county to generate $2,804,378, tax claims
Director Janel Barwick said an upset sale will rarely sell more than 30
properties.

"We will sell between 10 and 30 properties," she said. "This is because
mortgages and liens are attached to these."

The upset sale is the first step in delinquent taxes, but the properties are not
sold free and clear. Each property is subject to sale without owner's consent at
a public auction at 10 a.m. today in the public meeting room at the county
administration building at 399 Stadium Drive. The starting bid is the amount in
delinquent taxes plus costs to auction it off.

Sunbury has eight properties; Point Township has seven properties each; Kulpmont
and West Chillisquaque Township have six properties each; Delaware Township,
Marion Heights and Milton have four properties each; Zerbe Township has three
properties; East and West Cameron Townships, Turbot Township and Upper Augusta
Township have two properties each; and East Chilllisquaque Township, Lower
Township, Northumberland, Ralpho Township, Rush Township, Shamokin Township,
Snydertown, Turbotville and Upper Mahanoy Township have one property each.

Craig Hostrander has the highest and third highest delinquent property tax
bills. He owes $54,205 at 13 S. Front St. and $36,941 at 19 S. Front St., both
in Milton. Northeast Apartments LLC has 10 delinquent properties on the list in
Coal Township, Kulpmont, Mount Carmel and Shamokin totaling $183,459. Conduit
Estates LLC has 15 delinquent properties in Coal Township, Kulpmont. Mount
Carmel and Shamokin totaling $40,362.

Pat Grattan, a landlord from Sunbury, plans to attend the sale to scope out
potential purchases.

"I'm in real estate and I like a bargain," Grattan said. "Northumberland County
is the bargain basement of the East Coast for real estate."

Grattan said the county is well known in the real estate investment market for
having cheap properties within only hours of major metropolitan areas like
Philadelphia, New York City, Baltimore and Washington, D.C.

Story continues below video

"I'm not the only one who thinks this is a great place to invest," Grattan said.

Barwick said the advertisement of the Upset Sale brings in delinquent taxpayers
and helps to drastically drop the original list. This year, the Tax Claim Office
started with 1,600 properties, and will have 254 properties as of early
Wednesday afternoon. The number could decrease since property owners can settle
their debt up until the sale.

"This is what gets everyone to pay their taxes or get it back on the taxroll
when someone buys it who will pay the taxes," Barwick said.

If the properties are not sold today, they will be placed on the list for
judicial sale where each property will be free of liens. In the list, owners are
warned they must contact an attorney, the tax claim bureau or the county lawyer
referral system in order to determine what must be done to save their property
from the sale.

The owner or reputed owners of the properties sold are not permitted to redeem
the property after the sale.

The terms of the sale are cash or certified funds, and all sales are final. The
tax claim bureau warns that any mortgages, judgments or other liens of record
against the property purchased may not be divested by this sale.

Dave Hummel, the field assessor for the county assessor's office, will lead the
auction.

Barwick expects it to go smoothly.

Email Justin Strawser at jstrawser@dailyitem.com Follow him on Twitter
@JustinLStrawser.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) Visit The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) at
www.dailyitem.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160915-DN-Properties-with-delinquent
-taxes-up-for-auction-0915-20160915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2016 The Daily Item


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Mississippi Business Journal

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday

Mortgage report finds Mississippi ranks high in bad loans

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 370  words


The Feb. 2010 Mortgage Monitor report, released by Lender Processing Services
Inc., shows that while delinquency rates in the U.S. have risen to historic
highs, the pace of deterioration has slowed. However, the nation's housing
market remains far from a full recovery, and Mississippi has the third-highest
non-current loans in the nation.

Based on data extrapolated from the LPS servicing database, nearly 7.5 million
loans are in some stage of delinquency or foreclosure, with an additional one
million properties in REO or post-sale foreclosure. In addition, approximately
2.5 million loans that were current Jan. 1, 2009, were 60 or more days
delinquent (including foreclosures) as of Jan. 31, 2010. Despite extraordinary
loss mitigation efforts that have resulted in the execution of approximately two
million loan modifications, including the federal government's Home Affordable
Modification Program (HAMP) trial periods, the number of new delinquencies since
Jan. 1, 2009, still exceeds this number by 25 percent.

The nation's pool of problem loans continues to grow and stagnate. More than 31
percent of loans that have been delinquent for six months are not yet in
foreclosure, while 22.8 percent of loans delinquent for 12 months have not been
moved to foreclosure status (up from 9.0 percent in 2008).

Older loans now make up a higher proportion of new delinquencies, as more loans
experience repeat delinquencies. The average loan age of newly delinquent loans
is now 46 months, as compared to an average newly delinquent loan age of 27
months in Jan. 2007. During Jan. 2010, 346,000 borrowers became delinquent for
the first time, representing approximately 40 percent of all newly delinquent
loans for the month.

Other key results from LPS' Jan. 2010 Mortgage Monitor include:

* Total U.S. loan delinquency rate - 10.2 percent

* Total U.S. foreclosure inventory rate - 3.3 percent

* Total U.S. non-current loan rate - 13.5 percent

* States with most non-current loans - Florida, Nevada, Mississippi, Arizona,
Georgia, California, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan and Ohio

* States with fewest non-current* loans - North Dakota, South Dakota, Alaska,
Wyoming, Montana, Nebraska, Vermont, Colorado, Oregon and Washington

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday

Survey: Mississippi near top in U.S. in non-current loans

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 375  words


The December Mortgage Monitor report released by Lender Processing Services Inc.
shows a continued increase in the inventory of foreclosed mortgages as more
loans advance through the default process. And Mississippi ranks near the top in
most non-current loans.

The number of newly delinquent loans declined during 2010, helping push overall
delinquent inventories down 18 percent for the year. The volume of loans moving
to REO remains extremely low as moratoria and process reviews continue, further
pressuring foreclosure inventories.

While the 90-days+ delinquency category has declined, the number of loans moving
to seriously delinquent status beyond 90 days still far outpaced the number of
foreclosure starts. Just over 2.1 million loans are 90 days or more delinquent
but not yet in foreclosure, with nearly 6.9 million loans in some stage of
delinquency or foreclosure. The total number of delinquent loans is nearly twice
as high as historical averages - and foreclosure inventory is currently 7.8
times higher than historical averages and is rising.

The report also shows that over one-third of borrowers with loans that are 90
days or more delinquent have not made a payment in over a year. Self-cures for
loans one-to-two months delinquent declined slightly in December, and late-stage
cures, usually related to modification activity, continue to decline. In
December, 259,518 loans were referred to foreclosure, which represents a 0.6
percent month-over-month decline.

Origination activity continues to increase with new production in November
reaching 2010 highs. While FHA originations have declined, the share of agency
loans increased, and 95 percent of all new issuance remains government
supported.

As reported in LPS' First Look release, other key results from LPS' latest
Mortgage Monitor report include:

* Total U.S. loan delinquency rate: 8.83 percent

* Total U.S. foreclosure inventory rate: 4.15 percent

* Total U.S. non-current loan rate: 12.98 percent

* States with most non-current loans: Florida, Nevada, Mississippi, Georgia, New
Jersey

* States with fewest non-current loans: North Dakota, South Dakota, Alaska,
Wyoming, Montana

Non-current totals combine foreclosures and delinquencies as a percent of active
loans in that state.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

LPS' Mortgage Monitor Report: December Data Shows Foreclosure Inventory Rising
for Sixth Consecutive Month

LENGTH: 495  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Feb. 10 -- The December Mortgage Monitor report released by Lender
Processing Services, Inc. (NYSE: LPS) shows a continued increase in the
inventory of foreclosed mortgages as more loans advance through the default
process. The number of newly delinquent loans declined during 2010, helping push
overall delinquent inventories down 18 percent for the year. The volume of loans
moving to REO remains extremely low as moratoria and process reviews continue,
further pressuring foreclosure inventories.

While the 90-days+ delinquency category has declined, the number of loans moving
to seriously delinquent status beyond 90 days still far outpaced the number of
foreclosure starts. Just over 2.1 million loans are 90 days or more delinquent
but not yet in foreclosure, with nearly 6.9 million loans in some stage of
delinquency or foreclosure. The total number of delinquent loans is nearly twice
as high as historical averages - and foreclosure inventory is currently 7.8
times higher than historical averages and is rising.

The report also shows that over one-third of borrowers with loans that are 90
days or more delinquent have not made a payment in over a year. Self-cures for
loans one-to-two months delinquent declined slightly in December, and late-stage
cures, usually related to modification activity, continue to decline. In
December, 259,518 loans were referred to foreclosure, which represents a 0.6
percent month-over-month decline.

Origination activity continues to increase with new production in November
reaching 2010 highs. While FHA originations have declined, the share of agency
loans increased, and 95 percent of all new issuance remains government
supported.

As reported in LPS' First Look release, other key results from LPS' latest
Mortgage Monitor report include:

Total U.S. loan delinquency rate: 8.83 percent

Total U.S. foreclosure inventory rate: 4.15 percent

Total U.S. non-current* loan rate: 12.98 percent'

States with most non-current* loans: Florida, Nevada, Mississippi, Georgia, New
Jersey

States with fewest non-current* loans: North Dakota, South Dakota, Alaska,
Wyoming, Montana

*Non-current totals combine foreclosures and delinquencies as a percent of
active loans in that state.

Note: Totals based on LPS Applied Analytics' loan-level database of mortgage
assets and are extrapolated to represent the industry.

About the Mortgage Monitor

LPS manages the nation's leading repository of loan-level residential mortgage
data and performance information on nearly 40 million loans across the spectrum
of credit products. The company's research experts carefully analyze this data
to produce a summary supplemented by dozens of charts and graphs that reflect
trend and point-in-time observations for LPS' monthly Mortgage Monitor Report.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Delaware State News

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 18, 2006 Saturday

Delaware lawmakers consider bill to publicly expose tax delinquents

BYLINE: Joe Rogalsky, Delaware State News, Dover

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 589 words


Mar. 18--DOVER -- The state's top tax scofflaws would find themselves publicly
exposed under legislation moving through the General Assembly.

House Bill 118, should it become law, authorizes the Department of Finance to
post a list of the top 100 delinquents for the state income tax and another top
100 list for business taxes on the state Web site.

The House of Representatives' Revenue and Finance Committee approved the measure
Wednesday and its sponsor hopes to have the full chamber consider the bill
before breaking April 14 for the legislature's Easter recess.

"I think this will be helpful," said Rep. Deborah D. Hudson, R-Wilmington, who
introduced HB 118.

"I think people who pay their taxes will be annoyed when they find out others
are not paying their fair share. I hope it will be successful."

To qualify for the list, a business or individual must owe at least $1,000 and
have a public judgment entered against them.

The bill exempts taxpayers who are receiving bankruptcy protection or have
entered into a payment plan with the state.

Taxpayers with "extraordinary circumstances" also are exempt.

According to the Department of Finance, the top 100 income tax delinquents owe
$18.3 million -- $4.6 million in back taxes and $13.7 million in penalties and
interest.

The top 100 business tax scofflaws, according to the department, owe $14.1
million -- $3.7 million in unpaid taxes and $11.4 million in penalties and
interest.

"The bill is designed to identify the people who are delinquent," said Deputy
Secretary of Finance Thomas Cook.

"It is not designed to identify the people who have a hardship case or are on a
payment plan.

"The hammer here is that people know they will be publicly listed and hopefully
that will lead them to make the right decision."

Rep. Hudson decided names of tax delinquents should be posted after attending a
national conference for legislators, where she learned at least a dozen states
publicly identify the scofflaws.

Those states take different approaches.

California limits its list to the top 12 delinquents for its sales-and-use tax,
with the minimum amount owed being $1 million.

Maryland lists 50 names, half are delinquent income tax payers and half are
business tax delinquents.

Minnesota delinquents must owe at least $5,000 and be six months behind before
their names are displayed.

"In every state that has this it has been effective," Rep. Hudson said.

"It's not really new because it has been around since Colonial times when they
would put people's names on the door of the town hall if they had not paid their
taxes.

"It's a method that has been around for years and is being brought into
cyberspace."

Before a person can be placed on Delaware's list, the state must send the
taxpayer notification by certified mail and give 60 days to make a payment.

Once an individual pays the amount they owe or enters into a payment plan, their
name will be removed within 30 days.

"We hold government officials accountable for what they do with our tax dollars
and we should hold citizens accountable who do not pay taxes," said John D.
Flaherty, a lobbyist for Common Cause Delaware.

"Accountability goes both ways. This is a good bill."

To see more of Delaware State News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newszap.com/dover Copyright (c) 2006, Delaware State News, Dover
Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060318-DS-TAX-DELINQUENTS-20060318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DS


                       Copyright 2006 Delaware State News


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Memorandum: Delinquent Debt Intercept Program

LENGTH: 515  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Memorandum:



   From:     Senator Patrick M. Browne

 To:     All Senate members

 Subject:     Delinquent Debt Intercept Program



 In the near future, I plan to introduce legislation to reduce the growing
strain on Pennsylvania taxpayers and local governments caused by outstanding and
delinquent taxes and debts, which leaves Pennsylvanians who have paid their
taxes paying an increasing bill for essential services through a growing tax
burden. My plan to address this growing burden is to create an independent
authority to offset government payments against outstanding taxes and debts owed
to the Commonwealth or local governments. This plan will be known as the
Delinquent Debt Intercept Program, and was introduced as Senate Bill 995 of the
2015-16 session.





 The Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will be structured similarly to the
United States Treasury's Offset Program (TOP), which is an agreement between the
states and the Federal government to collect outstanding money owed in
delinquent taxes and debt. The Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will provide
the Commonwealth, its agencies, political subdivisions and municipal authorities
with a clearinghouse for collecting all delinquent taxes and debts with no cost
to the governmental entity. This will lower the cost for the Commonwealth and
local governments in trying to acquire outstanding payments owed to them. The
authority, working in conjunction with the Governor's Office and the United
States Treasury Department, will collect outstanding payments from the Federal
tax returns and vendor payments as well as Commonwealth vendor payments and
income tax returns of those with delinquent and outstanding taxes and debts.



 Through this collection, the Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will restore
approximately $75 million to the General Fund. In addition, municipalities such
as Philadelphia can expect to see $125 million restored to their budget by the
authority collecting outstanding taxes and debts owed to the City. Consequently,
by collecting these delinquent taxes and debts, the authority assists local
governments as they see their revenue grow without placing an increased burden
on Pennsylvanians who followed the law and pay their taxes. Finally, the
authority, by levying a surcharge on those who have outstanding taxes and debts,
allows the Commonwealth and local governments to receive the full amount of the
delinquent revenues, without needing to finance the authority from our strained
budget.



 The impact of this self-funding authority is to restore funds to the
Commonwealth and local governments, to reduce costs on delinquent tax
collections for local governments and reducing the growing tax burden on law
abiding Pennsylvanians. The authority, acting as an efficient clearing house for
outstanding tax collections and debts, restores tax revenue to the General Fund
and the budgets of local governments.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Memorandum: Delinquent Debt Intercept Program

LENGTH: 515  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Memorandum:



   From:     Senator Patrick M. Browne

 To:     All Senate members

 Subject:     Delinquent Debt Intercept Program



 In the near future, I plan to introduce legislation to reduce the growing
strain on Pennsylvania taxpayers and local governments caused by outstanding and
delinquent taxes and debts, which leaves Pennsylvanians who have paid their
taxes paying an increasing bill for essential services through a growing tax
burden. My plan to address this growing burden is to create an independent
authority to offset government payments against outstanding taxes and debts owed
to the Commonwealth or local governments. This plan will be known as the
Delinquent Debt Intercept Program, and was introduced as Senate Bill 995 of the
2015-16 session.





 The Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will be structured similarly to the
United States Treasury's Offset Program (TOP), which is an agreement between the
states and the Federal government to collect outstanding money owed in
delinquent taxes and debt. The Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will provide
the Commonwealth, its agencies, political subdivisions and municipal authorities
with a clearinghouse for collecting all delinquent taxes and debts with no cost
to the governmental entity. This will lower the cost for the Commonwealth and
local governments in trying to acquire outstanding payments owed to them. The
authority, working in conjunction with the Governor's Office and the United
States Treasury Department, will collect outstanding payments from the Federal
tax returns and vendor payments as well as Commonwealth vendor payments and
income tax returns of those with delinquent and outstanding taxes and debts.



 Through this collection, the Delinquent Debt Intercept Program will restore
approximately $75 million to the General Fund. In addition, municipalities such
as Philadelphia can expect to see $125 million restored to their budget by the
authority collecting outstanding taxes and debts owed to the City. Consequently,
by collecting these delinquent taxes and debts, the authority assists local
governments as they see their revenue grow without placing an increased burden
on Pennsylvanians who followed the law and pay their taxes. Finally, the
authority, by levying a surcharge on those who have outstanding taxes and debts,
allows the Commonwealth and local governments to receive the full amount of the
delinquent revenues, without needing to finance the authority from our strained
budget.



 The impact of this self-funding authority is to restore funds to the
Commonwealth and local governments, to reduce costs on delinquent tax
collections for local governments and reducing the growing tax burden on law
abiding Pennsylvanians. The authority, acting as an efficient clearing house for
outstanding tax collections and debts, restores tax revenue to the General Fund
and the budgets of local governments.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 1, 2009 Wednesday

Deadline is approaching for delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Carrie Stambaugh, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 505 words


Jul. 1--CATLETTSBURG -- Delinquent county property taxpayers have a little more
than a month to pay their bills before they can be sold to a third party.

Boyd County Clerk Debbie Jones said although more than 900 delinquent tax bills
have been paid since they were turned over to the clerk's office in April, more
than 1,400 delinquent tax bills remain in Boyd County.

Jones said residents have until Aug. 10 to pay their bills in full or make a
partial payment to prevent them from being sold to a third party. Taxpayers can
check to see if their bill is delinquent online at www.bcdelinquenttaxes.com.

All delinquent bills will also be advertised in the local newspaper 30 days
prior to their sale to alert the public of their pending sale, Jones said.

"Everyone who has a delinquent tax bill will be printed in the paper," she said,
adding the half page ad will run in The Independent on July 11.

All bills that remain delinquent after that date will be eligible to be sold to
third parties on Aug. 11. Jones said some third party purchasers have already
sent her a list of bills they want to purchase along with a check to purchase
them.

The largest purchaser of delinquent bills in Boyd County is Texas-based Tax Ease
Lien Investments LLC. The company purchased more than $1 million in delinquent
Boyd County bills last year, Jones said.

Third parties often attach large fees and interest rates to the bills but new
state legislation now in effect limits those fees and sets interest rates. The
legislation also requires extensive notification to property owners by third
parties and requires them to register with the state Department of Revenue and
be in good standing with the Attorney General's Office of Consumer Protection.

Delinquent taxpayers, however, can still lose their property to third parties.
Last year, Tax Ease and others began foreclosing on a large number of Boyd
properties whose delinquent tax bills had been purchased by the company in
previous years.

According to the new legislation, if a third party has purchased previous
delinquent bills they have first rights to purchase subsequent unpaid bills,
Jones said.

Despite the seemingly large number of delinquent bills that remain, Jones said
she has been impressed by the number of individuals who have come in to pay
compared to last year.

"I wanted to compliment the Boyd County residents for being so vigilant with the
delinquent tax process this year," she said, adding the 931 bills paid so far
added up to a total of $575,000 in revenue.

CARRIE STAMBAUGH can be reached at cstambaugh@dailyindependent.com or (606)
326-2653.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090701-KA-Deadline-is-approaching-for-delinquent-taxes-0701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                                 Copyright 2009


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 1, 2009 Wednesday

Deadline is approaching for delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Carrie Stambaugh, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 505 words


Jul. 1--CATLETTSBURG -- Delinquent county property taxpayers have a little more
than a month to pay their bills before they can be sold to a third party.

Boyd County Clerk Debbie Jones said although more than 900 delinquent tax bills
have been paid since they were turned over to the clerk's office in April, more
than 1,400 delinquent tax bills remain in Boyd County.

Jones said residents have until Aug. 10 to pay their bills in full or make a
partial payment to prevent them from being sold to a third party. Taxpayers can
check to see if their bill is delinquent online at www.bcdelinquenttaxes.com.

All delinquent bills will also be advertised in the local newspaper 30 days
prior to their sale to alert the public of their pending sale, Jones said.

"Everyone who has a delinquent tax bill will be printed in the paper," she said,
adding the half page ad will run in The Independent on July 11.

All bills that remain delinquent after that date will be eligible to be sold to
third parties on Aug. 11. Jones said some third party purchasers have already
sent her a list of bills they want to purchase along with a check to purchase
them.

The largest purchaser of delinquent bills in Boyd County is Texas-based Tax Ease
Lien Investments LLC. The company purchased more than $1 million in delinquent
Boyd County bills last year, Jones said.

Third parties often attach large fees and interest rates to the bills but new
state legislation now in effect limits those fees and sets interest rates. The
legislation also requires extensive notification to property owners by third
parties and requires them to register with the state Department of Revenue and
be in good standing with the Attorney General's Office of Consumer Protection.

Delinquent taxpayers, however, can still lose their property to third parties.
Last year, Tax Ease and others began foreclosing on a large number of Boyd
properties whose delinquent tax bills had been purchased by the company in
previous years.

According to the new legislation, if a third party has purchased previous
delinquent bills they have first rights to purchase subsequent unpaid bills,
Jones said.

Despite the seemingly large number of delinquent bills that remain, Jones said
she has been impressed by the number of individuals who have come in to pay
compared to last year.

"I wanted to compliment the Boyd County residents for being so vigilant with the
delinquent tax process this year," she said, adding the 931 bills paid so far
added up to a total of $575,000 in revenue.

CARRIE STAMBAUGH can be reached at cstambaugh@dailyindependent.com or (606)
326-2653.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090701-KA-Deadline-is-approaching-for-delinquent-taxes-0701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                                 Copyright 2009


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               October 22, 1998, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

THE DOCKET

SECTION: ST. CHARLES POST, Pg. 4

LENGTH: 655 words



Sept. 15

Villages of Bogey Hills vs. Jayne Howell, lease agreement.

George Polezogopoulas vs. Jeff Schmidt et al., rent and possession.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Scott K. Harnden et al., delinquent
assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. James P. Collins et al., delinquent
assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Benjamin Moore, delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Benjamin Moore, delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Gary Canada et al., delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Alan F. Bell et al., delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Joseph A. Bachmann et al., delinquent
assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Antonio Pupillo et al., delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Terry L. Witwer et al., delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Carl L. Nassau et al., delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Joseph F. Knaust et al., delinquent
assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. David L. Jones et al., delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Donald A. Hazlett et al., delinquent
assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Joseph Rekart Jr., delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Lorraine E. Schulte, delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Christian Sondker, delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Melinda Visner, delinquent assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. A.G. Wollmershauser Jr., delinquent
assessments.

Lake Saint Louis Com. Assoc. vs. Janine Ponnath Sobik, delinquent assessments.

Lulu Grumke vs. Robert Richardson et al., rent and possession.

Nathan Collins et al. vs. Marty Whetrock et al., rent and possession.

Alan Dobson vs. Powerline Equipment Sales, change of venue - account.

Walter Wedemeier vs. Director of Revenue, review.

John Perkins vs. Sharon Reeves et al., rent and possession.

Diane L. Kneemiller vs. David Perkins et al., rent and possession.

Sept. 16

Treece Guerry vs. Richard Sullivan Jr., adult abuse.

Barbara Gittemeier vs. Jimmy Dale Fields, adult abuse.

Renee Henthorn vs. Donna Henthorn et al., adult abuse.

Sara Reckart vs. Larry Leach Sr., adult abuse.

Karamaria T. Koch vs. Director of Revenue, trial de novo.

Clifford P. Holtsman vs. Director of Revenue, trial de novo.

Sandara Gale Rath vs. John Joseph Rath, divorce.

Mary Jewell Davis vs. Ralph Edmond Davis Jr., divorce.

Mary Catherine Korte vs. Leslie C. Korte, divorce.

Renee Adrianna Nikiforovitch vs. Pavel Grigorevitch Nikiforovitch, divorce.

Ronnie J. Shepack vs. Lynn R. Shepack, divorce.

Pamela Henry vs. Allan Hoffman Revocable Trust, personal injuries.

Rocco Mantro, by and through his father and next friend vs. Samuel Bruce
Wilcockson et al., personal injuries.

Carolyn M. Libkie vs. Richard J. Libkie, divorce.

James Presson vs. Clif Wilkerson Inc., damages.

James T. Hunsperger et al. vs. Michael J. Davis et al., personal injury.

Innovative Real Estate Management Co. Inc. vs. Malia Dodson, unlawful detainer.

Terry Martinez et al. vs. Timothy C. Ruesch et al., damages, over 5,000.

American General Finance Inc. vs. Donna Buchholz, note.

R.G.V. Inc. vs. Rocky Nelson, contract, over 5,000.

Roger Guffey vs. Southwestern Bell Telecommunications Inc., contract, over
5,000.

Sept. 17

Steven B. Sweeney vs. Beverly Flora Sweeney, divorce.

William J. Fletcher vs. James M. Warriner et al., damages.

Lyndsay Greenwalt, by and through her next friend vs. J. M. Smucker Co.,
petition for approval of settlement on behalf of a minor.

John Lewis Sanders vs. Marcella Lynn Sanders, divorce.

Matthew H. Thornton vs. Wendy H. Coleman-Thornton, divorce.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Collection & Credit Risk

                                 September 2010

Experian's Business Benchmark Report Shows Positive Signs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 15 No. 8

LENGTH: 475  words


Experian's latest monthly Business Benchmark Report shows that businesses of all
sizes were relatively stable in the first half of 2010, with only slight
variations in the average percentage of dollars delinquent and percentage of
dollars severely delinquent.

Exceptions were seen only among very large businesses (with more than 1,000
employees) and mid-size businesses (with 100 to 249 employees), both of which
saw significant improvements in percentage of dollars delinquent.

- Nearly all industry groups remained stable in the percentage of dollars
delinquent and severely delinquent since the start of the year. Exceptions
include the Utilities and Retail Trade sectors, which showed significant
improvements in the percentage of dollars delinquent. The Utilities sector also
saw a large improvement in the percentage of severely delinquent dollars.

- California, Massachusetts, New York and Pennsylvania were the only states with
the largest metropolitan areas that showed improvement in the average percentage
of dollars delinquent. In terms of percentage of dollars severely delinquent,
Texas, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and California were the only ones that
consistently fell below the national average since the beginning of the year.

Experian's reports also shows that since the start of the year, businesses with
more than 1,000 employees have experienced a 25.9% improvement in the average
commercial risk score category - jumping from 33.0 in January to 41.5 in June.

By contrast, non-employer firms - meaning those that have no paid employees -
showed a 3.3% improvement for the half overall, including a dramatic drop in Q2,
falling from 61.2 in March to 59.9 in June.

When looking at average days beyond terms (DBT), however, the latest (June)
report showed that very large businesses paid their bills 24.2% slower than they
did at the beginning of the year, going from 6.6 DBT in January to 8.3 DBT in
June. Non-employer firms saw an increase of 12% in DBT, going from 5.0 DBT in
January to 5.6 DBT in June.

While the increase in DBT indicates slowness in average payment behavior, the
likelihood of these segments becoming severely delinquent over the next 12
months (as evidenced by the improvement in risk scores) is apparently lessening.

Other key findings from this month's Business Benchmark Report include the
following:

Risk score:

- The average commercial risk score for June was 58.2. When compared with the
beginning of the year, this score has improved by 1.6%. However, Q2 showed some
decline, as the national average score has actually fallen by 1% since March
when it peaked at 58.6.

- Almost all industry sectors have improved in the risk score category since the
end of Q1. The greatest improvements were found in Public Administration (from
60.4 to 61.4 - 1.7%), followed closely by Transportation (from 52.1 to 52.9 -
1.6%).

URL: http://www.creditcollectionsworld.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CCR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

BISD raises delinquent tax penalty

BYLINE: Gary Long, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 706 words


Feb. 16--The Brownsville Independent School District Board of Trustees approved
a resolution Wednesday night raising the penalty charged on delinquent taxes
from 12½ percent to 15 percent.

The resolution had been requested by Cameron County Tax Assessor-Collector Tony
Yzaguirre after trustees on Jan. 17 hired the delinquent-tax collection law firm
of Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson, LLP to collect BISD's delinquent taxes.

Explaining the action, Chief Financial Officer Ismael Garcia said Yzaguirre
asked for the resolution so that notices that go out to taxpayers could be
changed to reflect the higher fee.

The vote was 4-3, with board President Enrique Escobedo and trustees Catalina
Presas-Garcia, Luci Longoria and Christina Saavedra voting in favor and Rolando
Aguilar, Joe Colunga and Minerva Pena voting against.

Explaining the delinquent-tax collection process to the board, Garcia said that
ad valorem property taxes become due on Jan. 31 and that taxes not paid by June
30 are referred for collection on July 1. Notices that accompany tax bills note
that taxes delinquent as of June 30 are subject to collection including a
delinquent-tax collection fee.

Previous fee

BISD's previous delinquent-tax collection firm, Enrique Pena and Associates, had
charged a fee of 12½ percent. Pena's contract was not renewed after the firm
failed to meet expectations. Also, it was revealed that property Pena has owned
in Brownsville since 2004 had been omitted from the tax rolls and he had never
paid taxes on the property. Tax officials said the omission was due to an
oversight and the matter would be corrected.

Garcia said Linebarger was one of three firms that submitted qualifications to
collect BISD's delinquent taxes. He said that 92 percent of taxpayers pay their
taxes on time and that it is the other 8 percent who become delinquent and are
subject to the collection fee.

Firms ranked

Garcia said the three firms were ranked according how they met the criteria in
bid specifications and that the Linebarger firm came out on top. Predue,
Brandon, Fielder, Collins & Mott, L.L.P. of McAllen also submitted a proposal.

In analyzing data submitted by the firms, Garcia said it became evident that
Pena's numbers "were not what they needed to be," with Pena showing an average
collection rate of 35.57 percent compared to Linebarger's 39.54 percent during
the time it had BISD's delinquent tax account prior to Pena.

Linebarger's trend line was constant with a slight increase from year to year,
while Pena's trend line was going down, he said.

Linebarger

John D. Guevara, a Linebarger partner and its Brownsville representative, said
the firm offers better service to taxpayers. The firm also collects delinquent
taxes for Cameron County and the city of Brownsville.

"We have excellent rapport with taxpayers. We work with them. They can come in
and get a payment agreement done for all three entities in one place," Guevara
said, noting that Linebarger is a national firm headquartered in Austin with
superior human and technological resources.

"I know of no one else doing collections for 12½ percent," Guevara said. "Our
collection rate was 39 percent when we had the account for 26 years prior to
Pena and we met our goals every year."

Garcia said he checked with other school districts. None of their delinquent tax
firms are charging 12½ percent, with most charging 15 percent and some charging
20 percent, the maximum allowed under state law.

Penalty

He pointed out that the 15 percent fee is a penalty paid by delinquent
taxpayers, not BISD, and because Linebarger has a higher collection rate the
district comes out ahead.

"Every dollar that we don't collect, we have to find it somewhere else," he
said.

In other matters at Wednesday's BISD board meeting, the Dallas firm of
Deffenbaugh and Associates presented the forensic audit of district operations
that it has been conducting since September. The firm made the presentation
during a closed, executive session in consultation with BISD attorneys.

The Herald has made a public information request for the audit.

___ (c)2012 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120216-BV-BISD-raises-delinquent-tax-penalty-0216-20120216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2012 The Brownsville Herald


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                  June 7, 2010

Delinquency Stabilization, Taken with a Grain of Salt

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 34 No. 36

LENGTH: 602  words


Signs of stabilization in the delinquent and foreclosed markets must not be
taken at face value since improvements "remain largely neutralized" by the more
than 7 million loans in distress.

Deterioration vs. improvement ratios remain high with two loans rolling to a
"worse" status for every one loan that fares "better," according to a report by
Lender Processing Services Inc., Jacksonville, Fla.

These improvements, deemed "artificial" because they resulted from government
intervention efforts like the Home Affordable Modification Program, are more an
indicator of political success rather than economic.

Between March and April, the number of loans 90 or more days delinquent
-including presale foreclosure-declined by 112,184 to 4,074,443.

The total number of noncurrent U.S. loans, which combines foreclosures and
delinquencies as a percent of active loans in that state, plus REO, reached just
over 7.3 million when extrapolated to represent total mortgage market.

The overall volume of loans moving from delinquent to current status declined to
a three-month low supported primarily due to HAMP modifications.

A much more revealing sign of market stabilization, however, may be the fact
that newly delinquent loans that were current at yearend and 60 or more days
delinquent as of April declined from the 2009 levels "but still remain extremely
high from a historical perspective, particularly within prime product."

These findings are in line with MBA first-quarter data showing unprecedented
defaults in prime loans.

The LPS Mortgage Monitor Report shows another positive development as only eight
states still exceed the foreclosure inventory national average.

If one were to equate the positive and the negative findings mathematically the
scale would stay put at zero gains.

The report shows the total U.S. loan delinquency rate is at 8.99%, the
foreclosure inventory rate at 3.18% and the total U.S. noncurrent loan rate at
12.17%.

States with the most noncurrent loans were Florida, Nevada, Mississippi,
Arizona, Georgia, California, Illinois, New Jersey, Michigan and Rhode Island.
States with the fewest noncurrent were North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming,
Alaska, Montana, Nebraska, Vermont, Colorado, Iowa and Minnesota.

The tsunami of default risk is still receding based on data for in the spring of
2010, according to the latest UFA Mortgage Report by University Financial
Associates of Ann Arbor, Mich.

The UFA Default Risk Index for the second quarter of 2010 has dropped to 182,
half the peak level of 362 set in 2007. Under current economic conditions,
investors and lenders should expect defaults on loans currently being originated
to be 82% higher than the average of loans originated in the 1990s, but much
less than the worst vintages of this cycle (2006-2008).

If, as some observers expect, inflation spikes due to excessive monetary ease,
nominal house prices will be higher and defaults will be lower, said Dennis
Capozza, a founding principal of UFA.

"Although default risks remain elevated, the index is steadily returning to
prebubble levels," said Capozza.

"The worst vintages of this mortgage cycle are behind us. However, a return of
the default risk index to prebubble levels is still several years away."

The UFA Default Risk Index measures the risk of default on newly originated
prime and nonprime mortgages. UFA's analysis is based on a "constant-quality"
loan, that is, a loan with the same borrower, loan and collateral
characteristics.

The index reflects only the changes in current and expected future economic
conditions, which are much less favorable currently than in prior years.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

Delinquent tax attorney jumps ship, plans to work with rival firm

BYLINE: Dave Hendricks, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 642 words


Feb. 18--MCALLEN -- Attorney John David Franz -- a high-profile player in
Hidalgo County's delinquent property tax collection arena, where rival firms
play hardball for lucrative contracts -- switched sides Monday.

Franz severed the joint venture agreement between the Law Office of John David
Franz and Houston-based delinquent tax collection agency Perdue Brandon Fielder
Collins and Mott on Monday morning. Several people familiar with the situation
said Franz plans to start working with Austin-based rival Linebarger Goggan
Blair and Sampson instead.

"It is with a heavy heart that Annette and I inform you that the association
between Perdue Brandon and our law office will be ending," Franz wrote to
co-workers at 10:09 a.m. Monday, according to an email obtained by The Monitor.
"We have just informed Perdue's management of our decision. We intend to work
alongside you until the dissolution process is completed."

Neither Franz nor attorney Hiram Gutierrez, the McAllen-based partner for Perdue
Brandon, responded to email and voicemail messages Monday.

Property tax largely fuels local government spending in Texas. When property
owners don't pay, local governments send a delinquent tax firm to collect the
money, along with penalty and interest. Attorneys typically attempt to negotiate
payment agreements with property owners. People who can't or won't pay their
delinquent taxes face lawsuits and, eventually, property auctions at the Hidalgo
County Courthouse.

Both Linebarger and Perdue Brandon collect delinquent taxes in Hidalgo County,
and play hardball for lucrative contracts.

With the joint venture agreement nixed, Franz apparently plans to join
Linebarger, according to several people familiar with the situation. Details
about the pending arrangement with Linebarger weren't immediately available.

Working together, Franz and Perdue Brandon locked down the Hidalgo County
delinquent tax collection contract -- by definition the county's largest --
along with major contracts with the McAllen school district and the La Joya
school district.

Both Linebarger and Perdue Brandon regularly make top-dollar donations to
Hidalgo County political candidates. Attorneys also donate time and money to
charitable causes, seeking to curry favor with elected leaders.

"They're both equally capable of doing the taxes for large entities like cities,
the county and the school districts," said attorney Marcus Barrera, who served
on the McAllen City Commission for 12 years. "So when you have people that are
pretty much equal, it gets down to elected officials looking at subtle
differences."

When vying for delinquent property tax collection contracts, Linebarger and
Perdue Brandon occasionally submit identical offers, elevating the importance of
personal connections and campaign contributions.

"And it's so much more money than people realize," said Virginia Townsend, a
good-government activist who helped establish the Objective Watchers of the
Legal System and regularly attends county meetings. "It's not in the thousands
anymore. It's a lot more than that."

In January 2012, Linebarger and Perdue Brandon both offered to collect Hidalgo's
delinquent city property taxes in exchange for 15 percent of tax, penalties and
interest actually collected. Politics cemented the deal.

The City Council unanimously picked Linebarger, following a spat between Franz
-- then Hidalgo's mayor -- and the majority voting bloc. Franz's influential
uncle, Rudy, brokered the deal with Linebarger.

"Some people take 360-degree turns," Rudy Franz said, amused by his nephew's
planned switch from Perdue Brandon to Linebarger. "Some land on their feet and
some don't. And that's the rest of the story."

dhendricks@themonitor.com

___ (c)2014 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140218-MC-Delinquent
-tax-attorney-jumps-ship-plans-to-work-with-rival-firm-0218-20140218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2014 The Monitor


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Revenue Publishes List of Top Delinquent Taxpayers

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dover: Delaware Gov   has issued the following news release



 Today, Division of Revenue Director Patrick Carter has announced the next
posting of Delaware's top 100 delinquent individual and business taxpayers on
the state's Delinquent Taxpayers website. The website posts the names of people
and businesses who owe unpaid taxes to the state for public view.





 "Posting these lists puts pressure on those in violation," said Carter, "Anyone
with access to the Internet can view the name, address, and amount of tax owed
by some of our most chronic delinquent taxpayers, helping Delaware recoup
outstanding balances with minimal expense." Larger balances are targeted first
for publication, and each quarter the next 100 consecutive business tax and 100
consecutive personal unresolved tax balances over $1,000 are posted to the site.
Delinquent taxpayers can avoid appearing on the list by paying their balance in
full or making payment arrangements.



 In order to meet the criteria for having your name posted to the Delaware
Delinquent Taxpayers site, individuals and businesses must have already received
a judgment for unpaid taxes. They are then notified by mail that their names may
be posted online, and given 60 days to respond. Delaware is one of over 20
states and the District of Columbia to publish delinquent taxpayers' names
online.



 The names of those who enter into a payment agreement with the Division of
Revenue or pay their balance in full are either not published or will be removed
from the Delinquent Taxpayers list, depending on when the agreement takes place.
Taxpayers who have filed for bankruptcy protection or who have incurred a
liability that is being appealed are excluded from the published list until
their case has been resolved.



 Since its inception in February 2007, the Delinquent Taxpayers webpage has
collected in excess of $12.5 million in back taxes from those whose names were
published, or who were advised that they qualified to have their names published
online.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 10, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

THE DISTRICT IN BRIEF

SECTION: WEEKLY - DC; Pg. J02; THE DISTRICT IN BRIEF

LENGTH: 765 words


Census Bureau Seeks Local Workers

The Census Bureau wants to hire several thousand temporary workers in the
Washington area to verify and update street address lists in their own
communities for the 2000 Census.

The jobs begin in January, last up to eight weeks, can be part time and pay from
$ 8.50 to $ 14.50 an hour. Job applicants must take a written test, must have a
valid driver's license and must have access to a vehicle.

"We are recruiting people to work within their neighborhoods because they are
most familiar with the residents in their community," said Fernando E.
Armstrong, regional director for the Census Bureau in Philadelphia, whose area
includes the District and the Maryland suburbs.

Information about becoming a census worker is available at a toll-free number:
1-888-325-7733.

Water Authority Moves to Collect Debt

The D.C. Water and Sewer Authority has approved the sale of $ 17 million in
delinquent water and sewer accounts to Breen Capital Group. In return, the
authority will receive $ 5 million, as well as 50 percent of all collections
over $ 8 million.

Customers whose accounts have been sold to Breen will be notified beginning
later this month, authority officials said.

The sale of delinquent debt is part of an intensive collection campaign by the
authority, which has been criticized for not trying harder to collect delinquent
bills even as it imposed a 42 percent rate increase last year.

Over the past year, the authority has added a service charge to late fees,
placed liens on properties with delinquent bills and published the names of
delinquent customers. That has resulted in collection of more than $ 6 million,
officials said.

After the sale, the authority is left with $ 12 million in delinquent debt. Most
of it is owed by apartment building owners, some of whom are bankrupt.

Authority officials have announced that they will terminate water and sewer
service to apartment buildings with delinquent accounts, a new policy for the
city. Authority officials said they are developing a plan to notify tenants
before service is cut off.

Santafest Planned for Next Week

The D.C. Department of Recreation and Parks will hold its annual Santafest from
11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Dec. 17 and 18, at the Wheatley Recreation Center, 1200
Morse St. NE.

The event for youths ages 2 to 19 includes hands-on workshops to create
Christmas cards, wreaths, ornaments and centerpieces, live entertainment,
refreshments, face painting and games. Santa Claus will also make a guest
appearance, and gifts will be on sale.

For more information on Santafest or to donate materials or gifts, call the
Special Events Office at the Department of Recreation and Parks, 202-673-7660.

Public's Input Sought on School Budget

The D.C. Emergency Transitional Education Board of Trustees will hold a public
hearing Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the fifth-floor board room, 825 North Capitol St.
NE. The meeting will discuss the fiscal year 2000 budget and solicit public
views on programs and levels of funding to be sought for D.C. public schools.
Those interested in speaking at the meeting should call Jacqueline Brocks,
administrative officer in the trustees office, at 202-442-5454.

Center for Blind Moves, Adds Programs

The Center for the Blind Elderly, previously at the Logan School, has relocated
to 2900 Newton St. NE, where it will offer upgraded services to blind and
visually impaired senior citizens.

The Center for the Blind, under the administration of the Greater Urban League
Division of Aging Services, is open to District seniors. It aids with mobility
training, Braille instruction, peer counseling, life skills management, health
promotion, recreation and case management. The center also offers traditional
senior center activities such as arts and crafts and music appreciation.

For more information, call the league's aging services division at 202-529-8701.

Howard Univ. Radio Station Manager

Wins Award Millard J. Watkins III, general manager of WHUR radio, Howard
University's radio station, received the Master Communicator award presented by
the National Black Media Coalition earlier this month.

Watkins was employed by the station as chief engineer when it went on the air 27
years ago and has worked his way up to his current position.

Last year, he chaired the AIR awards, a radio competition that raised $ 52,000
for the March of Dimes. He founded Project Harvest and sits on the boards of the
Capitol Hill Day School and Woodley House, a shelter for the mentally ill and
homeless.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 17, 1998

CORRECTION: An item in last week's The District in Brief column misidentified
Millard J. Watkins as a founder of Project Harvest. Watkins is a board member of
the organization.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 25, 2011 Friday

Scranton treasurer's office, Single Tax Office collect delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Josh Mrozinski, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


Feb. 25--Collection of Scranton's delinquent property taxes this year is split
between the treasurer's office and Single Tax Office, with the tax office
collecting only for 2010.

The remaining years -- from 2009 and before, as well as all delinquent refuse
accounts -- are being collected by the city's treasurer's office, resulting in
confusion for some taxpayers, officials say.

"They (Single Tax Office) are collecting 2010 and 2010 only," said Ryan McGowan,
Scranton's business administrator. "Anything previous to that, people should
contact the city treasurer's office."

The practice marks a departure from previous years, when only the treasurer's
office handled delinquent property tax accounts up to April 1.

Municipal Revenue Service, a company that collects delinquent taxes for
municipalities and school districts, had collected Scranton's delinquent real
estate tax, but the city's contract with that firm ended last year. City council
last year authorized the Single Tax Office to collect delinquent property taxes
for 2010.

The treasurer's office won't be able to hold a sale this year because the budget
does not contain any funding for it, Mr. McGowan added. Council voted down
legislation to let the city collect fees that would have gone toward the cost of
suing delinquent taxpayers, he noted.

The city has about $11 million in uncollected back taxes stretching back to 1946
and accrues between $2 million and $3 million in new back taxes each year, Mr.
McGowan said.

The city has $2,019,903 in delinquent property taxes for 2010, according to the
treasurer's office. The delinquent property tax list contains about 4,000
entries.

At the Single Tax Office, workers have sent out more than 3,000 delinquent
notices, Tax Collector Bill Courtright said.

Contact the writer: jmrozinski@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110225-YT-Scranton-treasurer-s-office-Single-Tax-Office-collect-
delinquent-taxes-0225-20110225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

USA: LPS' Mortgage Monitor Report: October Data Shows Foreclosure Inventories at
All-Time High Rates

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 26 -- The October Mortgage Monitor report released by Lender
Processing Services, Inc. (NYSE: LPS) shows that accelerated foreclosure
referral activity over the last several months has pushed the foreclosure
inventory rate to all-time highs. As of the end of October 2010, foreclosure
inventories are 7.4 times historical averages and rising.

The report also shows that foreclosure sales decreased dramatically over the
last month as a result of the widespread moratoria. Overall, the percentage of
loans moving from the foreclosure process to bank-owned status (or other
involuntary liquidation) dropped by 35% in October. The moratoria contributed to
further timeline extensions, as the average number of days past delinquent for
loans in the foreclosure process approaches 500.

As foreclosure activity increases, more 6- and 12-month delinquent loans are
moving to foreclosure, but the extremely delinquent category (more than 12
months) continues to grow and age. A payment has not been made in more than year
on almost one-third of all loans that are 90 or more days delinquent. And, of
loans that have not made a payment in two years, more than 18% are still not in
foreclosure.

In the month of October, 263,000 loans entered the foreclosure process, which
represents a 4.4% month-over-month decline. Total inventory of foreclosures is
nearly 2.1 million loans with another 2.2 million loans in the "greater than
90-days delinquent, but not yet in foreclosure" status. While delinquencies
remain elevated - currently registering at 2.7 times historical averages - an
ever-growing number of new 60-day delinquencies are re-defaults of loans that
had previously been 60-days or more delinquent, and had become current. The
number of "first-time" troubled loans, however, remained relatively stable
during the last several months.

As reported in LPS' First Look release, other key results from LPS' latest
Mortgage Monitor report include:

Total U.S. loan delinquency rate:

9.29 percent

Total U.S. foreclosure inventory rate:

3.92 percent

Total U.S. non-current* loan rate:

13.20 percent

States with most non-current* loans:

Florida, Nevada, Mississippi,

Georgia, Louisiana

States with the fewest non-current* loans:

North Dakota, South Dakota,

Alaska, Wyoming, Montana

*Non-current totals combine foreclosures and delinquencies as a percent of
active loans in that state.

Note: Totals based on LPS Applied Analytics' loan-level database of mortgage
assets and are extrapolated to represent the industry.

About the Mortgage Monitor

LPS manages the nation's leading repository of loan-level residential mortgage
data and performance information on nearly 40 million loans across the spectrum
of credit products. The company's research experts carefully analyze this data
to produce a summary supplemented by dozens of charts and graphs that reflect
trend and point-in-time observations for LPS' monthly Mortgage Monitor Report
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Morning Call

                           February 11, 2005, Friday

Allentown considers selling its delinquent tax liens

BYLINE: By Scott Kraus

LENGTH: 716 words



Allentown has found a Morristown, N.J., company that is willing to pay the
cash-strapped city as much as $ 1.5 million up front for the right to collect
its delinquent 2003 and 2004 property tax.

City officials are talking with Xspand Inc., a company headed by former
Democratic New Jersey Gov. James Florio, that would buy the city's delinquent
tax liens.

The price is subject to negotiation.

Finance Director Barbara Bigelow said the firm has done similar work for Camden,
N.J., New York City and Erie County, N.Y., and is hoping to move into
Pennsylvania.

If hired, Bigelow said, Xspand would send estimators into neighborhoods to
evaluate the properties on which delinquent tax is owed.

"They provide the city with an estimate of what they think will be collectible
and pay for what they think they can collect up front," Bigelow said. "At this
point, we are just looking on a year-to-year basis."

Bigelow said the contract would not need to be competitively bid or subject to a
request for proposals process because the city would not be paying Xspand, which
she said was selected by Mayor Roy C. Afflerbach.

"They are paying us, we're not paying them," Bigelow said.

Assistant solicitor Martin Danks said City Council will have to approve the
deal, and council President David M. Howells Sr. said company officials have
been trying to set up briefing meetings with council members.

Under former Mayor William L. Heydt, Allentown contracted with Portnoff Law
Associates of Montgomery County to collect delinquent tax, but Afflerbach did
not renew the contract at the end of 2002 over complaints that Portnoff was
charging taxpayers exorbitant legal fees. Portnoff collected the tax and
remitted it to the city, and collected legal fees from the tax delinquents.

Alan Portnoff, one of the principals of the company, said Thursday that his
company's legal fees are charged only to tax delinquents who repeatedly ignore
collection notices from the company, and that the fees have been upheld by
judges.

Portnoff said the city could be making a mistake by selling its tax liens
because it will lose out on interest income.

The city relied on sending letters to collect delinquent 2003 and 2004 tax,
Bigelow said, while it looked for a company to substitute for Portnoff.

It could have certified delinquent property tax to Lehigh County's Tax Claim
Bureau for collection, Bigelow said, but that process can take 18 months before
revenue starts coming in.

The city's 2005 budget projects the collection of $ 1 million in delinquent tax,
so the net gain in revenue could be about $ 500,000. Bigelow said it could be
more because the city will receive some revenue from collections of tax owed
before 2003 from the county tax claim bureau and Portnoff.

Legislation signed into law by Gov. Ed Rendell in November allows the city to
explore contracting with Xspand or a similar company to "monetize" delinquent
tax liens.

Xspand Vice President Charlie Smith said the company would rely on the county
Tax Claim Bureau to collect the city's tax delinquencies. The delinquencies
would have to be "certified" to the county by April 30.

All the payments and interest would go to Xspand instead of the city.

Delinquent tax liens accrue interest at a rate of 9 percent a year.

"Companies such as ours make their money on the interest that accumulates on the
assets," Smith said. "We assume the risk of nonpayment. It allows
[municipalities] to receive that value which is locked up in those tax claims as
an immediate source of revenue."

Smith said the company is working with several municipalities in Pennsylvania
including Chester, Delaware County, in the hopes of securing tax collection
contracts.

Several council members said they had not seen details of the Xspand proposal
and couldn't say whether they would agree with it.

Councilman Louis Hershman said he'll consider the Xspand program but would still
like the city to figure out a way to grant tax delinquents some form of amnesty
that would allow them to escape penalties or interest in exchange for becoming
current.

"I think I have a better deal," Hershman said.



-----

To see more of The Morning Call, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mcall.com.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: AA-TAX-COLLECT-NWS-20050211

JOURNAL-CODE: AA

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                        Copyright 2005 The Morning Call


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           December 2, 2010 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Three overdue tax bills get paid;
Other accounts say check is in the mail

BYLINE: By Sylvia Cooper< Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 871 words


Three of the 15 biggest delinquent Richmond County property tax bills listed in
an Augusta Chronicle article Sunday have been paid, and a check is supposed to
be in the mail for three other overdue accounts.

The top delinquent account of $143,716.96 on National Hills shopping center at
2701 Washington Road remains unpaid, however. The property is owned by Abernathy
Timberlake Investment Group of Duluth, Ga., but Richard Swope, a partner in that
company, refused to discuss the matter Tuesday.

The next-highest delinquent account was paid seven days after Nov. 15, the
deadline for paying without a 1 percent interest charge. USPG Portfolio One LLC
paid $108,876.64 in overdue real estate taxes on the Sam's building at 596 Bobby
Jones Expressway on Nov. 22, leaving interest of $1,007.99 due.

On the same date, Portfolio One paid $82,895.62 in late real estate taxes on the
Walmart building at 594 Bobby Jones Expressway, leaving $820.75 in interest
still due.

A check for the third-highest delinquent account and two other large overdue
accounts is in the mail, according to the owner of the properties.

Although a $92,525.62 delinquent bill for Iron Horse Apartments on Stevens Creek
Road lists ATC Development as the owner, the partnership has been split, and
those apartments and two other complexes are now owned by PMG of Greensboro,
N.C.

Wade Doggett, the CEO of PMG, said ATC had managed the properties until April,
when his company took over. In North Carolina, property taxes are due Jan. 5.

"In taking over the Augusta properties, we assumed they were due in December,"
he said. "There is no problem with paying.

"The check is actually going to go out today."

In addition to Iron Horse Apartments, PMG owes $63,761.28 in delinquent taxes on
Spicewood Apartments at 3721 Wheeler Road and $35,867.01 on Thornberry
Apartments at 3204 Skinner Mill Road.

Doggett said he was glad to learn the accounts' status before the Dec. 20
deadline, after which a 10 percent penalty is added to each bill.

Next on the list of top delinquent tax accounts is RDC Properties LLC, which
owes $92,048.65 for the SunTrust Building at 801 Broad St. and $69,983.91 for
the Lamar Building at 753 Broad St. RDC Properties is owned by Bettis Rainsford,
who did not respond to phonemessages left with an assistant in his office.

FPL Food LLC, which owns Shapiro Meat Packing, has two delinquent tax bills,
including a $64,936.36 real estate bill for the plant at 1301 North Savannah
Road and a $55,336.16 personal property tax bill for equipment and inventory at
a warehouse at 1150 Fifth St.

Phone messages left for Scott Anderson, the financial officer for FPL Foods,
were not returned.

USPG Portfolio One LLC still owes $61,179.69 in delinquent taxes on a portion of
Walmart in Richmond County at 590 Bobby Jones Expressway. Cindy Hicks, a
spokeswoman for that property said she would provide information concerning the
delinquency Tuesday, but did not.

Purohit & Associates LLC owes $59,033.10 in delinquent taxes for the Staybridge
Hotel and Suites. That hotel is one of five raided and padlocked by the Georgia
Department of Revenue on July 26 for failure to pay sales taxes and withholding
from their employees' income taxes. Owner Jugal Purohit paid those taxes that
same day.

Richmond County taxes are delinquent on those same five properties. In addition
to Staybridge Hotel, $19,721.29 in real estate taxes and $3,817.48 in
business/personal property taxes are overdue from Washington Hospitality LLC DBA
Ramada Inn, 2564 Center West Parkway.

Others are:

l $18,640.89 in real estate taxes and $4,430.16 in business/personal property
taxes are overdue from Belair Hospitality DBA Best Western, 2562 Center West
Parkway.

l $16,154.02 in real estate taxes and $3,816.42 in business/personal property
taxes are overdue from Shri-om Enterprises LLC DBA Days Inn, 3037 Washing-ton
Road.

l $32,833.30 in real estate taxes and $3,110.85 in business/personal property
taxes are overdue from Augusta Center LLC, DBA Country Inn & Suites, 103
Sherwood Drive.

Purohit did not return phone messages left Tuesday and Wednesday with an
assistant at Staybridge Hotel.

A $58,348.12 delinquent business/personal property tax bill is owed by Finnchem
USA, DBA Huron Tech Chemical, 2360 Doug Barnard Parkway. Belinda Rosario, at the
corporate office of that company, did not return phone messages Tuesday and
Wednesday.

Jerath Hospitality LLC, DBA Comfort Inn, 1455 Walton Way owes $48,475.37 in
delinquent real estate taxes. David Beerman, controller for Augusta Management
Co., said the taxes will be paid before the Dec. 20 deadline. He said they have
not already been paid because revenues have been down.

"Personally, I think it's (the property) over-assessed," he said.

A $44,312.40 delinquent real estate tax bill to AOA Investment Co. LLC for
Augusta Oncology, 3606 Wheeler Road was paid Monday.

No. 15 on the list of delinquent taxes is $39,466.84 billed to Cascades Pointe
at Augusta LLC for College Station Apartments, 3105 Wrightsboro Road. The
property is now controlled by Hediger Enterprises, whose main office is in
Greenville, S.C. A phone message left with Gary Hediger was not returned.

Reach Sylvia Cooper at (706) 823-3228or sylvia.cooper@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Shaming Those Who Skip Out on Taxes

BYLINE: By RICARDO PEREZ-TRUGLIA and UGO TROIANO.

Ricardo Perez-Truglia is a researcher at Microsoft Research in New England. Ugo
Troiano is an assistant professor of economics at the University of Michigan.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTORS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 878 words


IN 2006, according to an estimate by the United States Treasury Department,
Americans underpaid their taxes by about $450 billion. For that year, that's
roughly equal to Pentagon spending, and more than the gross domestic products of
Sweden and Switzerland.

A good chunk of the missing tax revenues comes from underreporting income, or
tax evasion. The rest, roughly 25 percent -- about $110 billion -- comes from
failure to pay taxes, or tax delinquency.

Some people are hard up and can't afford to pay their taxes. But others simply
choose not to pay. When traditional enforcement strategies, like charging
above-market interest rates on the debt, don't work, the government uses a
number of tools to collect these taxes. For instance, some states, like
Kentucky, can order employers to take a bigger tax bite from the wages of tax
delinquents, as allowed by federal and state law.

But traditional collection methods don't always work. In a recent study, we used
another strategy that got results: publicly shaming tax delinquents. It should
be a key part of government efforts to increase the collection of tax debts, and
thanks to the Internet and social media, the government has the means to make it
even more effective.

Public shaming is already used throughout the world to collect taxes. The city
of Bangalore, India, hires drummers as tax collectors to visit the homes of tax
evaders and to literally bang the drum if they don't pay. In England, Her
Majesty's Revenue and Customs publishes details of deliberate tax defaulters.
Argentine local governments are also adopting shaming lists.

They are also used to a limited extent in the United States. Nearly two dozen
states -- among them California, Massachusetts and New York -- publish online
lists on state websites revealing the identities of tax delinquents.

But many people worry that the publication of the lists could backfire by
insulting individuals who are in temporary financial hardship, making them less
likely to pay once they are back on their feet. Or the shaming could alienate
delinquents from future sources of income that could have been used to pay up.

In our study, though, we found a specific shaming policy that worked. We sent
letters to 34,344 individuals who were publicly listed as tax delinquents in
Kansas, Kentucky and Wisconsin. The lists included detailed information about
these individuals, including their full names and addresses. They owed from $250
to $150,000 per person, and altogether nearly half a billion dollars in taxes.

We divided recipients into two groups. In the first, only the recipient was
chosen to get information about an online list of tax delinquents. In the
second, the recipient and other people from the same community were given that
information. Those in the second group should have felt that their delinquent
status could be monitored by neighbors.

In the following months, people in the second group -- the ''shamed''
delinquents -- were more likely to pay off their debts than those who did not
feel monitored. This intervention was effective mostly for people who owed tax
amounts up to $2,500. For this group, the shaming treatment increased the
probability of leaving the list by 20 percent.

Since tax agencies already send several letters to delinquents, our results
suggest that including a shaming list of delinquent neighbors can result in a
highly cost-effective way to raise revenues. In addition, although we shared the
shaming information only with neighbors, exposing the delinquency status to
friends, relatives, co-workers, clients and bosses as well could make the policy
effective even for higher debt amounts.

If shaming works, other states may start publishing online lists of delinquents,
while states that have already adopted the policy may increase its scope. For
instance, in California, only the top 500 delinquents are listed.

Tax agencies could also make the delinquency records more conspicuous by
advertising the existence of the lists on the Internet and television and even
in tax forms.

Social media offers an even greater opportunity for shaming. Tax agencies could
use targeted online advertisements on social networks to raise awareness among
the social contacts of delinquents.

That said, shaming penalties come at a cost: the violation of privacy.
Governments face a trade-off between privacy and increasing the effectiveness of
tax collection. This preference for privacy may help explain why most agencies
have not taken advantage of the full potential of shaming penalties. In his new
book ''So You've Been Publicly Shamed,'' Jon Ronson looks at a real risk: In
some cases, social media may amplify shaming penalties to the point of greatly
outweighing the crime.

This could change as open disclosure becomes more common. Indeed, government
agencies are increasingly filling the Internet with detailed lists of Americans'
activities, from their political campaign contributions to their criminal
records.

We believe that shaming policies are an effective tool and should be part of the
effort to make citizens pay their fair share. More effective and fair tax
collection will fund the infrastructure, research and education that pave the
way for economic growth and opportunity.




URL:

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY LEIF PARSONS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

LPS' Mortgage Monitor Report: October Data Shows Foreclosure Inventories at
All-Time High Rates

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 25 -- The October Mortgage Monitor report released by Lender
Processing Services, Inc. (NYSE: LPS) shows that accelerated foreclosure
referral activity over the last several months has pushed the foreclosure
inventory rate to all-time highs. As of the end of October 2010, foreclosure
inventories are 7.4 times historical averages and rising.

The report also shows that foreclosure sales decreased dramatically over the
last month as a result of the widespread moratoria. Overall, the percentage of
loans moving from the foreclosure process to bank-owned status (or other
involuntary liquidation) dropped by 35% in October. The moratoria contributed to
further timeline extensions, as the average number of days past delinquent for
loans in the foreclosure process approaches 500.

As foreclosure activity increases, more 6- and 12-month delinquent loans are
moving to foreclosure, but the extremely delinquent category (more than 12
months) continues to grow and age. A payment has not been made in more than year
on almost one-third of all loans that are 90 or more days delinquent. And, of
loans that have not made a payment in two years, more than 18% are still not in
foreclosure.

In the month of October, 263,000 loans entered the foreclosure process, which
represents a 4.4% month-over-month decline. Total inventory of foreclosures is
nearly 2.1 million loans with another 2.2 million loans in the "greater than
90-days delinquent, but not yet in foreclosure" status. While delinquencies
remain elevated - currently registering at 2.7 times historical averages - an
ever-growing number of new 60-day delinquencies are re-defaults of loans that
had previously been 60-days or more delinquent, and had become current. The
number of "first-time" troubled loans, however, remained relatively stable
during the last several months.

As reported in LPS' First Look release, other key results from LPS' latest
Mortgage Monitor report include:

Total U.S. loan delinquency rate:

9.29 percent

Total U.S. foreclosure inventory rate:

3.92 percent

Total U.S. non-current* loan rate:

13.20 percent

States with most non-current* loans:

Florida, Nevada, Mississippi,

Georgia, Louisiana

States with the fewest non-current* loans:

North Dakota, South Dakota,

Alaska, Wyoming, Montana

*Non-current totals combine foreclosures and delinquencies as a percent of
active loans in that state.

Note: Totals based on LPS Applied Analytics' loan-level database of mortgage
assets and are extrapolated to represent the industry.

About the Mortgage Monitor

LPS manages the nation's leading repository of loan-level residential mortgage
data and performance information on nearly 40 million loans across the spectrum
of credit products. The company's research experts carefully analyze this data
to produce a summary supplemented by dozens of charts and graphs that reflect
trend and point-in-time observations for LPS' monthly Mortgage Monitor Report.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Audit shows $300 million in delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Pamela Pritt, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 474 words


June 18--CHARLESTON -- With nearly $300 million in delinquent taxes, the State
Tax Department should enforce payment plans and levy joint debtors for tax debt,
according to the State Auditor's Office.

The audit was released Tuesday during the Legislative interim session.

About a third of delinquent taxes are personal income taxes at more than $104
million in 50,189 accounts. Delinquent sales tax follows at $83,929,903 in
41,112 accounts and more than 20,000 state employer accounts are delinquent on
withholding tax with $40,166,958 not paid to the state.

The audit found that the department has lack of management oversight in
administering payment plans of more than 12 months.

Also the department does not have adequate documentation supporting those
payment plans, the audit said.

Levies for delinquent accounts are not initiated in a reasonable time frame,
some of them for as many as 553 days, according to the audit. The audit said not
initiating those levies in a reasonable time frame "reduces the effectiveness of
the Tax Department in the collection of taxes due the state," and increases the
likelihood the debt will not be satisfied.

The State Tax Department also does not initiate liens in a timely manner, and
does not have internal control over write-offs and waivers.

Corporate Income Tax transactions were granted "erroneous extensions (to
corporations that did not meet the requirements) and were not assessed interest
and penalties," according to the audit.

Rounding out the 10 findings  by the State Auditor, the department's satellite
offices in Huntington and Beckley did not deposit revenues collected within 24
hours, and instead, mailed checks to the Charleston office three days a week.

The audit spanned fiscal year 2011-2012.

State Tax Department Commissioner Mark Matkovich told the committee he was
"disappointed" with the way the audit portrayed his agency.

Matkovich said a better term for the outstanding debt is "accounts receivable."

He said that the number of accounts do not necessarily equate to the number of
taxpayers, either businesses or individuals.

Matkovich said receivables as a percentage of collections over the last 10 years
-- $298,283,873 -- is less than 1 percent. The commissioner said the report
reaches back to 1994 and encompasses accounts pending before the courts and
those that have declared bankruptcy, as well as some that are currently being
processed.

Matkovich said his department showed some leniency in collections because of the
overall economic climate.

"We are interested in collecting taxes, (but also) in maintaining goodwill," he
said. "(We) try to keep businesses open and preserve jobs."

-- E-mail: ppritt@register-herald.com

___ (c)2014 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140618-WZ-Audit-shows-300-million-in-delinquent-taxes-0618-20140618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Register-Herald


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Item (Shamokin, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 8, 2011 Saturday

Church was never delinquent

BYLINE: Rob Wheary, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


Oct. 08--TREVORTON -- The pastor of a church here says her congregation was
embarrassed to see their church identified as a state tax delinquent.

Especially when they knew it wasn't true.

In January, the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue website included Trevorton
United Methodist Church on its list of delinquents, saying it owed $2,213.83 in
employment taxes. Adding salt to the wound was a resulting story in The
News-Item that highlighted the church and 163 other local delinquents that had
been "outed."

"I was appalled," said the Rev. Kay Painter. "This little church has always paid
everything that is due, so our church board and I got right to work to
straighten out this problem."

It wasn't easy, but they got to the bottom of it. Turns out, not only was the
delinquency incorrect, Trevorton UM had actually overpaid in taxes. And now,
ironically, it is the church that is waiting on its refund -- from the state.

What happened?

With the help of the church's Philadelphia Area Episcopal Office, and several
months of sifting through information, the problem was identified.

"The Department of Revenue had the money, but it was not being put in the right
place," Painter said. "It was paid to Harrisburg, but not being credited to us."

The church was making monthly payments instead of quarterly payments, which
apparently caused the money to be incorrectly credited.

A spokesperson for the Department of Revenue could not comment on the specifics
of the case, citing taxpayer confidentiality, but confirmed the church made all
necessary payments to satisfy the lien, first filed in October 2009.

The church is expecting a refund of between $500 and $600.

"In this economy, that's going to help," Painter said. "That's a lot of money to
be getting back."

Reputation damaged

Still, the church says the biggest problem was the damage to its reputation.

"Trevorton United Methodist Church was founded in 1853, and there's never been a
problem until now," Painter said. "It was upsetting to see."

Bishop Peggy A. Johnson, of the Eastern Pennsylvania Conference, agreed.

"The pastor, members and friends of the church work hard to maintain and grow
their witness in their community and surrounding area," Johnson said. "The
January 2011 article deeply hurt a congregation which loves its church and
community."

Despite the negativity, Painter knew her parishioners never lost faith.

"Everyone knew what was going on through our board meetings, and knew that there
had to be some sort of explanation for it all," Painter said. "It's just sad
that it came out the way it did, but we showed that we were in the right."

___ (c)2011 The News-Item (Shamokin, Pa.) Visit The News-Item (Shamokin, Pa.) at
www.newsitem.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111008-IZ-Church-was-never-delinquent-1008-20111008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IZ


                          Copyright 2011 The News-Item


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             April 13, 2009 Monday

San Manuel members among delinquent taxpayers

BYLINE: Joe Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Four San Manuel tribal members, including one who sits on the tribe's business
committee, have made the Franchise Tax Board's list of the top 250 delinquent
taxpayers in the state.

The board started publishing the list annually in 2007, which lists the top 250
taxpayers with liened state income tax delinquencies greater than $100,000.

Each delinquent taxpayer is notified in advance via certified mail that their
names will be published on the list if they do not take action to settle their
tax debt.

"It is mandated by law for us to issue it (the list), and it is to help close
the $6.5 billion tax gap we have," said board spokeswoman Brenda Voet.

Byron Marquez, a former minor league baseball player and brother of former
tribal chairman Deron Marquez, is delinquent $439,024.47 as of April 2, 2008.

Marquez is director of business relations for the San Bernardino Inland Empire
66ers. He is also the president of the team's family outreach program and is
director of the 66ers' dance team.

Stephanie Bustamante, the secretary of San Manuel's business committee, is
delinquent $481,453 as of December.

Tribal member Kenneth Ramirez was delinquent $470,255.95 as of Nov. 4.

Tribal member Martin Hernandez Jr. was delinquent $700,092.87 as of Oct. 14.

Other noteworthy people from the Inland Empire who made the list include San
Bernardino attorney Byron E. Congdon, who is delinquent $1.1 million.

Their names dot an 11-page list of names released on April 9 that include such
celebrities as the comedian Sinbad Adkins, who is delinquent $2.5 million, and
Dionne Warwick, who is delinquent about $2.2 million.

None of the tribal members could be reached for comment on Monday.

The board sent out two certified letters, one in October and another in
February, warning the delinquent taxpayers their names would appear on the list
unless they took immediate steps to pay their debt, Voet said.

California taxpayers are paying about 20 percent more in taxes as a result of
the $6.5 billion gap created by the delinquent taxpayers, Voet said.

The notifications sent in October and February spurred some delinquent taxpayers
to action, resulting in the board's collection of $14 million in delinquent
taxes, Voet said.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 19, 2005 Saturday

Companies to buy local liens;
Auction will offer 2,950 delinquent tax bills

BYLINE: By John Nolan jnolan@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 684 words


DAYTON - Two Floridabased companies qualified Friday for today's first auction
to buy liens from Montgomery County on 2,950 tax-delinquent properties.

Montgomery County is following the lead of other Ohio metropolitan counties that
have pressured property owners to pay overdue tax bills.

Two other bidders dropped out of the scheduled auction. They did not wire a $1.5
million deposit - 10 percent of the projected purchase price of the liens - to
the county by noon Friday, the office of county Treasurer Hugh Quill announced.

The downtown Dayton Arcade was to have been among delinquent properties whose
liens were to be sold, but its owner made a last-minute down payment and got off
the list.

Brownfield Charities Inc. submitted a certified check for $7,910 to the county
treasurer and committed to pay that amount for 20 months to retire the $158,000
debt, said Nicolette Jaworski, a spokeswoman for the treasurer.

The $158,000 debt was the highest owed for any single property in the county,
she said.

If the Arcade's owner misses any future payments, it will be added to the
properties whose liens will be sold at future annual auctions, Jaworski said.

Centerville businessman Tony Staub, founder of Brownfield Charities, is trying
to sell the 1902-vintage Arcade and is seeking plans to redevelop it.

Aware that the Arcade's tax bill would be going up, Brownfield sold another
property to raise money for the Arcade's initial payment Friday, Staub said.

"This will give us a little breathing room," Staub said . "Hopefully, we can
come up with the rest of the money."

Quill is to choose either American Tax Funding Services of Jupiter, Fla., or
BankAtlantic of Fort Lauderdale at the auction this morning to determine which
bidder will accept the lowest interest rate for repayment of the taxes owed on
the various properties.

The bidding is to start at an 18 percent interest rate and be bid down to the
lowest level accepted by one of the two parties.

The winning bidder will give the county $10.5 million to pay the delinquent
taxes and a $180 administrative fee on each of the delinquent properties,
providing revenue to school districts and local governments, Jaworski said.

In exchange, the winner gets either a guaranteed rate of return on repayment
from the delinquent property owner or the right to foreclose on the property at
sheriff's auction after a year, if repayment hasn't been arranged by then.

The lien holder also could choose to use the liens as writeoffs against taxes.

Until now, the delinquent property owner could release the lien by paying taxes
owed. Now, the owner also must pay interest on the lien plus a $180
administrative fee, which the county will collect and pay to the lien holder.

Montgomery County has been telling delinquent taxpayers for months of the
planned auction.

In response, the delinquent property owners have fully paid about 8,000 overdue
bills since August and made down payments on at least 4,000 others, an
unprecedented rate in that time period, Jaworski said.

The tax lien auctions have become popular around the country, as government
revenues have shrunk.

They generate upfront cash for governments and increase the likelihood that
properties can be made productive again, advocates say.

"With the values of property going up, the values of liens on those properties
goes up also," said Scott Carr, founder and chief executive officer of Save
Wealth Financial, a financial planning firm in San Diego. "As long as government
is holding the liens, there isn't much that can be done with them. They'd prefer
to have the cash in hand."

Other Ohio counties - including Summit, Franklin, Cuyahoga, Stark and Mahoning -
also have sold liens since a 1998 law allowed the state's 12 largest counties to
do so.

Summit County went first, has done it since 1999 and has sold more than $50
million in liens to date, said Shelley Davis, chief of staff for the Summit
County treasurer in Akron.

After observing the other counties, Montgomery County decided to proceed this
year in light of shrinking state financial support to counties, Jaworski said.

Contact John Nolan at 225-2242.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 9, 2005 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

COMMUNITY LIVING

BYLINE: RICHARD WHITE, Tribune correspondent

SECTION: BAYLIFE AT HOME; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 474 words


By RICHARD WHITE

Tribune correspondent

Force Payments With Liens, Not By Publishing List Of Delinquent Owners

Q. Is it permissible to publish the names of property owners who have not paid
their assessments in the association reports? Is it advisable? My thought is
that maybe peer pressure is preferable to legal action.

R.C.

Jensen Beach

A. I have been advised there is no violation of law to publish a delinquent
owner's name. However, it could alleged that it violated their right to privacy
regarding credit information. I never recommend that you display print the names
of delinquent owners because of the repercussions from the owner and the
neighbors. You have the strongest legal powers through the lien and foreclosure
rocedures. Why not force collections via this method? Once you force payment
through liens, the word will get out and you will see that others will pay on
time. A very large community of more 3,000 homes recently printed the names of
all owners who were delinquent. There were so

many delinquent owners that it took several pages to print their names. Other
owners who were paying said they were not going to pay next year. Why should
they, when there was no action taken by the board to force payments? I think it
is poor management by the board if they do not have a strong collections policy
and immediately file liens and start foreclosure. Any account that is more than
90 days delinquent should have legal action started. You need an attorney to
advise you and take the necessary legal action. Usually any legal costs will be
paid by the delinquent owner. It should not cost the association any funds to
take the legal action to collect the delinquent

accounts.

Q. I live in a 300-unit condominium. Must we have an outside audit by a CPA
every year? We have one person that enters everything into our records.

R.M.

Fort Lauderdale

A. Short answer is no. Correct answer is that you should have a third
independent person review your records each year. People make mistakes. It could
be an honest mistake or a dishonest mistake. The members need to have confidence
that their funds are being protected and properly preserved. They need to know
that operations and management are accurately handling the financial functions
for the members. Florida statute 718.111 (13) establishes the three types of
reports: compiled, reviewed and audit. The members can vote to reduce the
statute requirements or your document requirements.

Richard White is a licensed community association manager. He does not offer
legal opinions; any other questions and comments concerning association
operations can be sent to Richard White, 6039 Cypress Gardens Blvd., No. 201,
Winter Haven FL 33884-4115; or e-mail

camquestion@cfl.rr.com.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday

BRIEF: Chester delinquent on Augusta taxes

BYLINE: Bob Stuart, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 163 words


Feb. 26--VERONA -- Churchville attorney Francis Chester, the leader of a
petition drive against the Augusta County reassessment, owes more than $2,800 in
2008 real estate and personal property taxes.

Chester is delinquent on $2,562 in real estate taxes on parcels in Churchville
and West Augusta, and owes $328 in delinquent personal property taxes, according
to records in the Augusta County Treasurer's office.

Augusta County Treasurer Richard Homes said there is an "issue with anyone being
delinquent,'' whether it is a county employee or other person.

To see more of The News Virginian or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsvirginian.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The News Virginian,
Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090226-NX-BRF-Chester-delinquent-on-Augusta-taxes-0226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2009 The News Virginian


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Bell promises new policy on overdue bills: City will continue liens, but become
'more user-friendly'

BYLINE: Ignazio Messina, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


Apr. 30--Toledo Mayor Mike Bell said his administration has for weeks been
working on changing a policy that one of his top administrators called "patently
ridiculous" in which a property owner gets a lien because of delinquent utility
bills from a previous homeowner.

"This process has been going on since 1986," Mr. Bell said a day after Lucas
County Auditor Anita Lopez told The Blade that she had has stopped processing
property water liens from the city because of complaints over the practice.

"Within two weeks, we will have a new policy of debt owed to the city," the
mayor said during a news conference he called to address the issue.

Tom Crothers, director of the Department of Public Utilities for the city, said
the city would not completely stop the process of placing liens on properties
for delinquent bills from previous owners.

"We recognize, as the mayor indicated, we have to be more user-friendly," Mr.
Crothers said.

Although he said it is "patently ridiculous" for someone to get a lien for a
bill they did not create, Mr. Crothers said it is absolutely legal.

However, Ms. Lopez said her office's attorneys have interpreted the city's law
to say the administration cannot place a lien on a property if the delinquent
bills are from a previous owner.

Ms. Lopez on Wednesday said her office is investigating the validity of 2,000
liens from the city filed in 2009 under Mayor Carty Finkbeiner.

But yesterday, Mr. Crothers said the city had filed 1,495 liens last year.

Ms. Lopez also highlighted one extreme case of an individual, who does not wish
to be identified, who purchased a home and later learned of a lien on the
prop-erty for a delinquent water bill of $7,149.

Mr. Bell said that bill was "taken care of" last week, that the man was no
longer responsible for the bill, and the lien would be lifted.

The city has been behind in collections in the water department.

City Council voted April 13 to put more collection firms to work to bring in
$18.7 million in water and sewer bills. The ordinance allows the city to
contract with three agencies.

Of that money, $5.4 million represents current invoices that have been sent out
less than 30 days ago; $1.1 million is less than 60 days delinquent, but more
than 30 days delinquent; $632,000 is less than 90 days delinquent, but more than
60 days delinquent; $1.4 million is less than 180 days delinquent, but more than
90 days delinquent; $1.7 million is less than 365 days delinquent, but more than
180 days delinquent; and $8.4 million is greater than 365 days delinquent.

The city considers $13.3 million delinquent from water, sewer, storm water, and
garbage services, said Jeff Pax, manager of utilities administration for the
city.

Contact Ignazio Messina at:

imessina@theblade.com

or 419-724-6171.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100430-TO-Bell-promises-new-policy-on-overdue-bills-0430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2010 The Blade


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday

Carbondale authority seeks tax abatement

BYLINE: Caitlin Heaney, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Oct. 06--Carbondale agency seeks tax relief on 8 properties

Carbondale Redevelopment Authority filed eight petitions Tuesday in Lackawanna
County court seeking relief of more than $189,000 in delinquent taxes and
related fees on several of its properties.

The authority wants all taxing authorities and the Lackawanna River Basin Sewer
Authority to "abate, forgive and/or mark satisfied" delinquent taxes, penalties,
interest and sewer charges attached to eight authority properties in Carbondale.

"We can't rehabilitate them or resell them to a private developer if there are
substantial taxes that are owed against them," authority Solicitor David J.
Tomaine said.

The authority acquired the properties between December 2004 and July 2010. They
include:

n 8 Belmont St.; delinquent 2002 to 2010; $24,903 owed.

n 82-84 Belmont St.; delinquent 2007 to 2010; $11,227 owed.

n 2 Cemetery St.; delinquent 1998 to 2010; $22,063 owed.

n 4 Cemetery St.; delinquent 2001 to 2010; $18,586 owed.

n 16 Reynolds Ave.; delinquent 2007 to 2010; $11,150 owed.

n 18 River St.; delinquent 2003 to 2007; $47,071 owed.

n 22 River St.; delinquent 2003 to 2007; $47,071 owed.

n 6 Rock St.; delinquent 2007 to 2010; $7,325 owed.

The amounts owed exceed what could be realized not only through selling each
property but also by "enforced collection" of the money from the property
owners, according to the petitions.

Although Carbondale would lose money owed to it, Mayor Justin Taylor said the
city would not oppose the tax abatements. Some of the property owners have died
or simply walked away, he said, and the city recognizes that it likely would
never receive that money anyway.

The city's portion of the delinquent taxes is about 15 percent, or approximately
$29,500. But with the authority redeveloping the properties in question, Mr.
Taylor said, they eventually will return to the tax rolls.

Contact the writer: cheaney@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101006-YT-Carbondale-authority-seeks-tax-abatement-1006-20101006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             April 14, 2009 Tuesday

San Manuel members among delinquent taxpayers

BYLINE: Joe Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


Four San Manuel tribal members, including one who sits on the tribe's business
committee, have made the Franchise Tax Board's list of the top 250 delinquent
taxpayers in the state.

The board started publishing the list annually in 2007, which lists the top 250
taxpayers with liened state income tax delinquencies greater than $100,000.

Each delinquent taxpayer is notified in advance via certified mail that their
names will be published on the list if they do not take action to settle their
tax debt.

"It is mandated by law for us to issue it (the list), and it is to help close
the $6.5 billion tax gap we have," said board spokeswoman Brenda Voet.

Byron Marquez, a former minor league baseball player and brother of former
tribal chairman Deron Marquez, is delinquent $439,024.47 as of April 2, 2008.

Marquez is director of business relations for the San Bernardino Inland Empire
66ers. He is also the president of the team's family outreach program and is
director of the 66ers' dance team.

Stephanie Bustamante, the secretary of San Manuel's business committee, is
delinquent $481,453 as of December.

Tribal member Kenneth Ramirez, who is the tribe's former vice chairman, was
delinquent $470,255.95 as of Nov. 4.

Tribal member Martin Hernandez Jr. was delinquent $700,092.87 as of Oct. 14.

None of the tribal members could be reached for comment. Jake Coin, spokesman
for the tribe, declined to comment.

Other noteworthy people from the Inland Empire who made the list include San
Bernardino attorney Byron E. Congdon, who is delinquent $1.1 million.

Their names dot an 11-page list of names released on April 9 that include such
celebrities as the comedian Sinbad Adkins, who is delinquent $2.5 million, and
singer Dionne Warwick, who is delinquent about $2.2 million.

The board sent out two certified letters, one in October and another in
February, warning the delinquent taxpayers their names would appear on the list
unless they took immediate steps to pay their debt, Voet said.

California taxpayers are paying about 20 percent more in taxes as a result of
the $6.5 billion gap created by the delinquent taxpayers, Voet said.

The notifications sent in October and February spurred some delinquent taxpayers
to action, resulting in the board's collection of $14 million in delinquent
taxes, Voet said.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              March 6, 2009 Friday

NY WORST IN HOME $ICKNESS - MORTGAGE DELINQUENCY SURGES 35%

BYLINE: CARL CAMPANILE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 487 words


The number of New York homeowners more than 90 days late in paying their
mortgages skyrocketed 35 percent in the final quarter last year - the biggest
jump in delinquencies in the country, a new survey has found.

The Mortgage Bankers Association attributed the increase to the financial
tsunami engulfing the Northeast, along with the rest of the nation.

"While California, Florida, Nevada, Arizona and Michigan continue to dominate
the delinquency numbers, some of the sharpest increases we saw last quarter in
loans 90 days or more delinquent were in Louisiana, New York, Georgia, Texas and
Mississippi," Jay Brinkmann, the MBA's chief economist, said in releasing the
report.

All home loans past due in New York surged to 7.58 percent in the fourth quarter
- up from 6.14 percent in the third quarter of 2008. That's a 19 percent
increase.

The number of mortgages in New York that were at least 90 days delinquent soared
to 2.49 percent from 1.61 percent - a 35 percent increase.

And the number of mortgages deemed "seriously delinquent" - a category that
includes foreclosures - is up 18 percent, to 5.10 percent from 4.18 percent.

The increase in New York's 90-day delinquency rate exceeded that of Arizona (34
percent), California (31 percent), Florida (29 percent) and Michigan (22
percent) - although the delinquency problem overall is still more severe in
these states than in the Northeast.

New York's neighbors are also reeling.

The number of New Jersey homeowners more than 90 days delinquent shot up 28
percent, to 2.38 percent from 1.71 percent. As in New York, nearly one in 12
residents is at least 30 days behind in payments.

In Connecticut, the number of residents more than 90 days delinquent in payments
jumped 29 percent. More than 7 percent of homeowners there are now at least 30
days delinquent - a 19 percent hike.

The worsening delinquency rate in New York clashes with a study released
Wednesday that showed the Empire State with the lowest percentage of mortgage
holders "underwater" - owing more than their homes are worth.

That's because New Yorkers have more equity in their homes, and property values
have not plummeted as markedly here as in Sunbelt states and the heartland.

But that could change as the economy worsens, researchers warned.

The mortgage-delinquency rate nationally shattered the record set in the third
quarter, and is the highest since the MBA began tracking housing data in 1972.

In total, 11 percent of the nation's homeowners are delinquent on their
mortgages - or one out of every nine.

But the number of foreclosure sales was flat, as federal and state governments
put a moratorium on such actions last fall.

---

Late and lamented

The states with the biggest increase in homeowners 90 days late in paying
mortgages (fourth quarter 2008):

1. NY UP 35%

2. AZ UP 34%

3. CA UP 31%

4. CT UP 29%

5. NJ UP 28%

Source: Mortgage Bankers Association

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Foreclosed home. [Getty Images]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             July 1, 2004 Thursday

'MOST WANTED' PARENTS EXPOSED

BYLINE: YASMIN KHAN

SECTION: SANTA FE/EL NORTE; Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 762 words


Human Services Department seeks public's help in finding parents who don't pay
child support

The delinquent parents on Northern New Mexico's newest 25 Most Wanted list owe
their children a total of $1.4 million, according to the New Mexico Human
Services Department.

"The point and goal of the 25 most wanted is to bring attention to the fact that
there's noncustodial parents who are not taking responsibility for their child's
life," said Betina Gonzales McCracken, the department's communications director.

State law requires human services to release in a quarterly report the names of
the noncustodial parents who owe back child support. The department hopes the
public will help find the parents if their names and most recent addresses are
given.

The state reports cover the top 25 delinquent parents in specific regions of the
state, which allows more names to be included on the list. The list also
includes the top female delinquent in each region.

"In past years, we would just publish the top 25 heavy hitters in the state. At
(that) point, they would all be people who owed six figures," McCracken said.
"We needed to get more names out. It's not just a financial matter."

More than 63,000 custodial parents, with up to five children each, depend on
child support in New Mexico. According to McCracken, from May 2002 to May 2003,
61 percent of those families were not receiving childsupport payments. During
that time, she said, 35,364 noncustodial parents were delinquent.

After the last report, which came out in March, the department received tips for
finding several of the noncustodial parents, McCracken said. One delinquent
parent was located working in Arizona, she said, and he is now paying his child
support through his employer. One father was located through the food-stamp
system, and one father had died.

At the top of the latest list is Cedric A. Graves, who owes his family $142,898.
His last known address is in Amarillo, Texas. Robert L Martinez, who is second,
owes $108,790. His last known address is in Pueblo, Colo. The lone female on the
list is Alicia Subia, who owes $9,898 - less than many men but more than any
other woman in the region. Her last known address is in Las Vegas, N.M. Three
and a half percent of all delinquent parents in New Mexico are women, which
prompted the department to begin including a woman on each list.

This quarter's list covers dependent families who live in Colfax, Taos, San
Miguel, Harding and Union counties in northeastern New Mexico. Eighteen of the
25 delinquent parents' last known residences are in New Mexico.

Recent child-supportenforcement legislation includes negotiating options and
low-interest rates for noncustodial parents who owe back child support,
according to a recent press release.

The department's goal is to encourage both parents to assume responsibility for
improving the economic and social well-being of their children, Stephanie
Gonzales, the Human Services Department's child-enforcement division director,
said in the press release.

"This could be the first step for them to get on a payment plan that will
benefit their child or children," she said.

(Sidebar)

Northern New Mexico's 25 Most Wanted delinquent parents

Cedric A. Graves, 2832 Potter Road, Amarillo, Texas - $142,898

Robert L. Martinez, 1829 E. 4th St., Pueblo, Colo. - $108,790

Joe M. Aragon, P.O. Box 298, Roy, N.M. - $95,773

Louie J. Rivera, 1/2 block from post office, Ribera - $81,634

Bobby Hays, 600 Raintree, No. 93, Cañon City, Colo. - $80,094

Ryan J. Cappellucci, 760 N. 1st St., Raton - $71,692

Ralph E. Duran, 103 Knott Lane, Corrales - $69,832

Edward Romero, 629 Holt, Hanford, Calif. - $67,792

Lester French, 607 N. 1st St., Tucumcari - $62,849

Matthew Louis Urioste, 4265 Sologan, Englewood, Colo. - $57,524

Abel J. Espinoza, Taos - $57,159

Larry P. Tafoya, Plaza Del Cerro, No. 21,Chimayó - $54,746

Brett N. McNellis, 4923 E. Apollo Bay Drive, Littleton, Colo. - $53,889

Chris Saiz, 1103 S. Prince Drive, Española - $47,668

Floyd V. Valencia, 1901 Solano No. 27, Las Cruces - $46,087

Leroy Maestas, P.O. Box 1, Las Vegas, N.M. - $43,585

Hubert R. Licon, 327 Marcy St., Raton - $41,442

Paul Sandoval, 7613 Ray St. N.E., Albuquerque - $40,187

Eric L. Vigil, 7371 Hallcrest Drive, McLean, Va. - $35,866

Jason L. Smith, 218 Iron Ave. S.W., Albuquerque - $35,634

Ernestino Gabaldon, 1011 Socorro St., Las Vegas, N.M. - $34,869

Ricky Romero, 316 64th St. S.W., Albuquerque - $30,557

Danny Nieto, 4605 Rincon N.W., Albuquerque - $25,241

Ruben Rosales, 312 Canyon Drive, No. 1, Raton - $22,863

Alicia Subia, 2701 7th St., Las Vegas, N.M. - $9,898

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

Delinquent per capita taxes go to collection in Connellsville

BYLINE: Judy Kroeger, The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 524 words


Feb. 16--Connellsville City Council announced Wednesday night that treasurer
Judy Keller will turn over all delinquent 2010 city per capita taxes to Central
Tax Bureau immediately. Fines and penalties will be added.

Residents have until June 1 to pay their 2011 city per capita taxes before those
also are turned over to Central Tax Bureau for delinquent collection.

The Private Industry Council of Westmoreland-Fayette offers free GED instruction
at Connellsville's Carnegie Free Library for adult Pennsylvania residents
interested in making the transition to new or updated employment or
post-secondary classes that yield college credit.

Tami Ozegovich, of PIC, said the council has a well-equipped classroom in the
basement and offers classes that directly relate to career and higher education
exploration four days a week. The library also functions as an official GED test
center. The $60 test is offered two days each month.

Registration takes place at the library. Call PIC Uniontown at 724-437-2590 and
ask for Roxanne for more information on class times and offerings.

The Second Annual World Championship of the World Cornhole Tournament will take
place at 1 p.m. March 4 at New Haven Hose Company social hall. Doors open at
11:30 a.m.

Two-person teams cost $30. Team registrations and sponsorships benefit the
city's parks and recreation department. New Haven will sell food and drink to
benefit its operation. Armstrong Cable will tape the competition.

Councilman Tom Karpiak said registrations will be taken at the door, with a
limit of 80 teams. Registration forms are also at City Hall.

The Annual Geranium Festival will take place from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. May 26 on
West Crawford Avenue, between Pittsburgh and Arch streets.

In other business:

-- Council made several appointments. Geno Gallo resigned from the Zoning
Hearing Board. Jamie Cross will take his seat. His term expires in January 2014.
Council also appointed Mike Napolillo to the ZHB. His term expires in January
2017. Council reappointed Patty Handford to the Connellsville Housing Authority.
Her term expires in January 2017. Council reappointed Johanna Harden to the
Connellsville Board of Health. Her term expires in January 2017.

-- Health, code and zoning officer Tom Currey reported that the planning
commission approved 59 building permits in 2011, yielding $1,500 in fees and
$800,000 in increased property value in the city. Permits included 4 house
additions, 14 sheds or garages, 14 commercial expansions and two new houses.

-- Council changed its employee insurance broker to Paychex Insurance Agency,
Rochester, N.Y., at a savings of $120 per month. Mayor Charles Matthews said
employee dental vision, short-term disability, life and health coverage will not
change, just the broker that provides the coverage.

-- Councilman Brad Geyer congratulated the street department for fixing their
own equipment and vehicles rather than sending them out. "It saves a lot of
money in the end," he said.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Courier (Connellsville, Pa.) Visit The Daily Courier
(Connellsville, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120216-DC-Delinquent
-per-capita-taxes-go-to-collection-in-Connellsville-0216-20120216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2012 The Daily Courier


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           December 28, 2010 Tuesday

LPS' Mortgage Monitor Report: November Data Shows Foreclosure Inventory Rising
for 5th Straight Month

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 28 -- The November Mortgage Monitor report released by Lender
Processing Services, Inc. (NYSE: LPS) shows that the volume of loans moving to
REO continued to drop as moratoria further delayed foreclosure sales. While the
90+ delinquency category has steadily declined, the number of loans moving to
seriously delinquent status beyond 90 days far outpaced the number of
foreclosure starts. Nearly 2.2 million loans are 90 days or more delinquent but
not yet in foreclosure.

Foreclosure inventories also continued to rise for the fifth straight month as
delinquent accounts are referred for foreclosure, but the sale of foreclosure
properties continued to decline. When compared to January 2008 levels, the
foreclosure inventory of Jumbo Prime loans is nearly seven times higher; the
inventory of Agency Prime loans is nearly six times higher; and the foreclosure
inventory of Option ARM loans is approaching five times the inventory in January
2008.

The report also shows that one-third of loans that are 90 days or more
delinquent have not made a payment in a year; however, the number of new problem
loans declined nearly 5.4 percent from October, which is opposite of the
seasonality trend that typically impacts new delinquencies this time of year.
Self-cures for loans one to two months delinquent increased in November to a
six-month high.

In the month of November, 261,153 loans were referred to foreclosure, which
represents a 0.7% month-over-month decline. The total number of delinquent loans
is nearly 2.1 times historical averages - and foreclosure inventory is currently
at 7.7 times historical averages.

As reported in LPS' First Look release, other key results from LPS' latest
Mortgage Monitor report include:

Total U.S. loan delinquency rate: 9.02 percent

Total U.S. foreclosure inventory rate: 4.08 percent

Total U.S. non-current* loan rate: 13.10 percent

States with most non-current* loans: Florida, Nevada, Mississippi, Georgia, New
Jersey

States with fewest non-current* loans: North Dakota, South Dakota, Alaska,
Wyoming, Montana

*Non-current totals combine foreclosures and delinquencies as a percent of
active loans in that state.

Note: Totals based on LPS Applied Analytics' loan-level database of mortgage
assets and are extrapolated to represent the industry.

About the Mortgage Monitor

LPS manages the nation's leading repository of loan-level residential mortgage
data and performance information on nearly 40 million loans across the spectrum
of credit products. The company's research experts carefully analyze this data
to produce a summary supplemented by dozens of charts and graphs that reflect
trend and point-in-time observations for LPS' monthly Mortgage Monitor Report.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Palestine Herald-Press (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 14, 2013 Tuesday

County OKs increase in delinquent tax fees

BYLINE: Mary Rainwater, Palestine Herald-Press, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 525 words


May 14--PALESTINE -- Anderson County commissioners heard a presentation on
delinquent property tax collections, approved an increase in collection
penalties and agreed to a contract with the collection firm during their regular
meeting Monday.

Tax attorney Robert Meyers of McCreary, Veselka, Bragg & Allen, PC presented the
report to the court, telling commissioners that the county collects more taxes
than are levied each year.

"That includes the delinquent taxes and fees that are collected each year,"
Meyers said. "At the end of 2011, the county collected about 97 percent of the
tax levy and in 2010, 98 percent of the levy was collected."

Meyers requested an increase in penalty costs, from 15 to 20 percent, to
delinquent tax payers beginning with 2012 tax collections.

"The state now allows up to a 20 percent penalty," he said. "With the money
generated from those additional penalties, we want to add a third employee to
the tax office to increase those collection efforts even more."

Taxing entities do not pay any money to the collection firm, but the firm
receives payment directly from the tax payer through their fees.

Commissioners approved the penalty increase and, in a separate, related action,
OK'd a three-year contract between the county and McCreary, Veselka, Bragg &
Allen, PC for the collection of delinquent property taxes.

Also on Monday, the court:

--APPROVED budget amendments, bills and utility crossing county roads.

--APPROVED a resolution from the District Attorney's Office regarding the Crime
Victim Coordinator and Liaison Grant (VCLG).

--APPROVED a tax abatement contract between Anderson County and Sanderson Farms
Inc. for the value of improvements to be placed on property in the established
reinvestment zone for the purpose of operating a Sanderson Farms Inc. hatchery.

--APPROVED a 5-year maintenance contract renewal with Otis Elevator Company for
a cost of $6,830 per year.

--AWARDED Requests for Qualifications (RFQs) to Burns Roofing and Remodeling
(Plano); Wiginton, Hooker Jeffry Architects (Plano); and RoofTech (Fort Worth)
for the Anderson County Jail roof.

--HEARD the reading of a proclamation by a representative of Adult Protective
Services declaring May as Elder Abuse Prevention Awareness Month.

--APPROVED transferring an equipment attachment from Precinct 1 Road and Bridge
Department inventory to Precinct 2 Road and Bridge Department inventory.

--APPROVED taking different pieces of equipment for viewing to Washington Early
Childhood Development for Pre-K and Kindergarten students.

--APPROVED the removal of cattle guards on Anderson County Road 4651. A petition
of area residents calling for the action (or for proper installation of the
cattle guards) was submitted to commissioners.

--APPROVED a resolution to participate with Texas Department of Transportation
in the Off-System Bridge Program for a bridge on Anderson County Road 2418 (in
Precinct 4).

Mary Rainwater may be reached via e-mail at mrainwater@palestineherald.com

___ (c)2013 the Palestine Herald-Press (Palestine, Texas) Visit the Palestine
Herald-Press (Palestine, Texas) at www.palestineherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130514-PQ-County-OKs-increase-in-delinquent-tax-fees-0514-20130514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PQ


                     Copyright 2013 Palestine Herald-Press


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday

Many pay garbage bills before list's release

BYLINE: Mia Light, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 646 words


Oct. 14--More than 200 people with overdue garbage accounts have visited
Hazleton City Hall with payments since city officials threatened last week to go
public with the delinquency list.

With more than 2,000 names on the delinquency list, payments received since the
announcement equal just 10 percent of the people with past-due accounts. Acting
City Administrator Mary Ellen Lieb said the city is "pleased" with the number of
people who have made payments, "but we have a long way to go."

Unpaid residential garbage bills in the city this year total about $500,000. The
city does not have the money to pay the trash hauler without payment from the
delinquent property owners.

The original 2009 delinquency list included the owners' names of 2,034
properties.

As of Tuesday afternoon, 207 people came forward with payment, leaving 1,827
unpaid garbage bills on the list.

There are 116 delinquent property owners who have home addresses in New York.

Among the New York addresses is a corporation called Hazleton Homes Inc., which
owns 11 properties in Hazleton, each with an unpaid garbage bill in the amount
of $229.32 for a total delinquency of $2,522.52.

Additionally, there are 54 delinquent properties owned by New Jersey residents.

A Clifton, N.J., resident on the list owns four Hazleton properties, each one in
arrears $229.32 for a total delinquency of $917.28.

While a majority of the delinquent accounts are held by local residents, other
properties in delinquency have owners listed in Texas, Florida, Connecticut,
Mississippi, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Massachusetts, Illinois, Georgia,
Maryland, California, Virginia, Tennessee and Puerto Rico.

The annual price for residential garbage disposal in the city is $208.

The city bills property owners on behalf of the trash hauler in two annual
installments of $104.

In a press conference at City Hall last week, Lieb said the list of delinquent
account holders would be made available for public inspection Tuesday. The
announcement was made in effort to give people with unpaid garbage bills
opportunity tomake payment arrangements before the accounts are turned over to
the local district court for prosecution.

A representative of the district court office of Magisterial District Judge
Joseph Zola, Hazleton, said the delinquent accounts are filed as private
criminal complaints on behalf of the City of Hazleton. The court schedules a
hearing date and sends written notice of the hearing to the account holder.

"They can come to court before the hearing date, plead guilty, and we will set
up a payment plan. Or, they can wait for the hearing date, come to court and
have a hearing before the judge," the spokesperson for Zola's court said.

Lieb said the city will hold the delinquent list until the end of October. Then
the list goes to court.

Lieb urged citizens with delinquent bills to contact city hall.

"Don't just ignore the bill. Contact us. We are not cruel. We will find a way to
work with you," she said.

Lieb said monthly billing for all garbage customers is not a cost-effective
option for the city, but special arrangements can be extended in certain
situations.

"If you are one person out there on Social Security and you really cannot pay
$104 in one lump sum, call right away. We can work something out where you might
pay $15 a month instead of one lump sum," Lieb said.

Divided into 12 monthly installments, the $208 annual garbage fee is $17.33 per
month.

mlight@standardspeaker.com

To see more of the Standard-Speaker or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.standardspeaker.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091014-ZX-Many-pay-garbage-bills-before-list-s-release-1014

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                                 Copyright 2009


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 10, 2010 Thursday

Toledo plans fewer water liens: Users who don't pay bills face shutoff, mayor
says

BYLINE: Ignazio Messina, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words


Jun. 10--Toledo Mayor Mike Bell yesterday said his administration would cut back
on the practice of placing liens on properties because of delinquent utility
bills from a previous homeowner.

The mayor also said people who don't pay their water bills, and who don't
attempt to get on a payment plan for an unpaid bill, will have the service shut
off after seven weeks.

Mr. Bell said there was concern that the city was not fairly placing liens on
properties where unpaid water bills had accrued.

"We sat down with the auditor's office to see if there was a way we could work
together to be able to pursue collections in a more fair way," Mr. Bell said.
"When we got together, we realized there were a couple little glitches in the
system. A lot of it was just being able to talk to each other."

Mr. Bell said the city and the Lucas County auditor's office will make available
on their Web sites information about properties and whether a lien exists. But
that still would not eliminate the problem of a lien being filed on a home for
water usage by a previous owner after the house is purchased by someone else.

"It is important for us to collect on fees that are not being paid," Mr. Bell
said. "When we do that, we are able to keep our rates down for our customers who
are paying."

In April, Mr. Bell said the process had been going on since 1986. He made the
statement a day after Lucas County Auditor Anita Lopez told The Blade that she
had stopped processing property water liens from the city because of complaints
over the practice.

Tom Crothers, the city's director of the Department of Public Utilities, said
the city would not completely stop the process of placing liens on properties
for delinquent bills from previous owners, which he maintains is legal.

"We are not doing away with liens because that is a bona fide way and an
effective way of getting our money," Mr. Crothers said yesterday.

Ms. Lopez previously has said her office's attorneys have interpreted the city's
law to say the administration cannot place a lien on a property if the
delinquent bills are from a previous owner.

The city filed 1,495 liens last year, before Mr. Bell was mayor.

City Council voted April 13 to put more collection firms to work to bring in
$18.7 million in water and sewer bills. The ordinance allows the city to
contract with three agencies.

Of that money, $5.4 million represents current invoices that have been sent out
less than 30 days ago; $1.1 million is less than 60 days delinquent, but more
than 30 days delinquent; $632,000 is less than 90 days delinquent, but more than
60 days delinquent; $1.4 million is less than 180 days delinquent, but more than
90 days delinquent; $1.7 million is less than 365 days delinquent, but more than
180 days delinquent; and $8.4 million is greater than 365 days delinquent.

The city considers $13.3 million delinquent from water, sewer, storm water, and
garbage services, said Jeff Pax, manager of utilities administration for the
city.

Contact Ignazio Messina at:

imessina@theblade.com

or 419-724-6171.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100610-TO-Toledo-plans-fewer-water-liens-0610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2010 The Blade


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday

CoreLogic: 0.8% of Charlotte-area homes in foreclosure

BYLINE: Roberta Fuchs

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 501  words


The share of Charlotte-area homes with a mortgage that were facing foreclosure
in June remained at 0.8 percent, the same as in April and May but down 0.3
percentage points from July 2014. According to real estate data firm CoreLogic,
statewide levels also did not move. In North Carolina, 0.7 percent of homes with
a mortgage were in the foreclosure process in June, the same as in April and
May, but 0.2 percentage points lower than a year ago.

North Carolina's foreclosure rate was lower than the nation's 1.2 percent rate
in June. According to CoreLogic, the nation hasn't seen a rate this low since
December 2007. Across the United States, only Massachusetts saw a rise in its
foreclosure inventory last month.

CoreLogic considers only mortgaged homes with first liens in determining its
foreclosure inventory data, which covers the number of homes placed in the
foreclosure process by the mortgage servicer.

Locally, the rate of Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia area mortgages that were 90 days
or more past due, or seriously delinquent, in June was 2.9 percent, the same as
in May. The region had a 3.8 percent seriously delinquent rate in June 2014.

Nationally, 3.5 percent of homes were seriously delinquent in June, down from
4.4 percent a year ago. States with the highest seriously delinquent rates are
Florida, New York, New Jersey, Maine and Maryland.  In North Carolina, the
seriously delinquent rate dropped to 2.9 percent in June from 3.6 percent a year
ago.

"Serious delinquency is at the lowest level in seven and a half years,
reflecting the benefits of slow but steady improvements in the economy and
rising home prices," said CoreLogic Chief Executive Anand Nallathambi, in a
written statement. "We are also seeing the positive impact of more stringent
underwriting criteria for loans originated since 2009, which has helped to lower
the national serious delinquency rate. "

There were 4,476 completed foreclosures in the Charlotte metro area for the year
ending in June, down 37 percent from 7,125 during the previous 12 months.

Nationally, completed foreclosures for the year ending in June fell to 526,189
from 641,154 the previous year. In North Carolina, that figure fell 28 percent
to 18,258 from 25,220.

Since the financial crisis began in September 2008, according to CoreLogic,
about 5.8 million homes nationwide have been lost to foreclosure.

The five states with the highest number of completed foreclosures for the 12
months ending in June were Florida with 102,000, Michigan with 46,000, Texas
with 33,000, California with 29,000, and Ohio with 27,000. These states
accounted for nearly half of all completed foreclosures nationally.

Washington, D.C., and four states had the lowest number of completed
foreclosures in the same period. They were South Dakota at 32; Washington, D.C.,
at 107; North Dakota at 313; Wyoming at 499; and West Virginia at 566.

http://www.mecktimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday

Delinquent tax notices flat, so far: Authorities expect collection rate to
decline in recession

BYLINE: Lynne P. Shackleford, Spartanburg Herald-Journal, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 690 words


May 10--The number of notices sent to the Spartanburg County delinquent tax
collector remained relatively flat, compared with last year's figures, but
collection rates could decline over the next two years.

Scott Slatton, an S.C. Municipal Association field services manager, works with
115 cities and towns from Columbia to the Upstate, and he isn't surprised that
counties aren't seeing more delinquent taxpayers this year.

"From my perspective, the economic downturn didn't set in until the third
quarter of last year, which might be the reason why government entities aren't
seeing the full effects of high unemployment and the housing slump," Slatton
said. "We're in the full throes of the housing downturn now, so next year's
budget and even planning for 2010-2011 will be more challenging."

In 2008, 25,206 Spartanburg County property and real (boats, airplanes) bills
remained unpaid after March 16, the date the county treasurer must turn over
unpaid bills to the delinquent tax collector.

The previous year, 22,886 bills were turned over to the delinquent tax office, a
difference of about 2,320. Last year was a reappraisal year, and County Auditor
Sharon West said her office received 2,606 reappraisal appeals, which could
account for the increase in the number of late payments in 2008.

In Cherokee County, the county treasurer sent 655 more late notices this year to
the delinquent tax office for collection. In 2007, 3,587 notices were "rolled
over," and 4,242 have been sent this year. The county sent out 34,679 tax
notices in 2007 and 35,064 this year.

Union County Treasurer Diane Wilkins said officials expected an increase in the
number of delinquent tax notices, but only 64 more notices were sent to the
delinquent tax office over 2007.

The Spartanburg County treasurer's office collects taxes for the county, 13
municipalities, seven school districts and 40 fire districts. County Treasurer
Oren Brady said it's difficult to determine how many individuals pay their taxes
after the March 16 deadline -- because one person could own multiple properties
and other taxable assets -- so the office calculates the number of tax notices
that haven't been paid.

Tax notices were issued from mid-October to mid-November, and South Carolina
taxpayers have until Jan. 15 to pay without penalty.

Local property taxes are the largest revenue stream for the county and
municipalities, so several entities scrutinized budgets when the economy started
to decline.

The city of Spartanburg slashed $750,000 from its budget in October when county
projections showed that a slowed economy and high unemployment rate could
trigger a lower percentage of property tax collections than the historic average
of 92 to 93 percent. This year's budget is based on a 92 percent collection
rate, and officials predicted that number could drop by as much as 3 percent,
causing a $275,000 budget shortfall. City officials adjusted their budgets to
make up for the expected collection decline, although they anticipated some
revenue could be recovered in delinquent tax collections.

City Manager Mark Scott said the city is using the same tax collection
projections as the county and anticipates a modest 1.5 percent growth in the tax
base next year.

This year, it looks as though Spartanburg governments might have dodged a
bullet, with tax collections that are in line with previous years.

Spartanburg County Administrator Glenn Breed said the staff is using a
conservative collection percentage of 91.48 percent while crafting next year's
budget.

"We track collection rates and use an average based on the last five years,"
Breed said. "There are a couple of variables to account for, but in the past
we've been pretty consistent."

To see more of The Spartanburg Herald-Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.goupstate.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Spartanburg Herald-Journal,
S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090510-SG-Delinquent-tax-notices-flat-so-far-0510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2009 Herald-Journal


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Private Firm Will Collect on Purchased Ohio Tax Liens

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - DEALS & PRICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 233  words


An Ohio County's tax lien sale of unpaid penalties and taxes on more than 1,000
properties resulted in more than $1.1 million.Private Cincinnati company Tax
Ease Ohio paid Columbiana County $560,000 for the bundle and the county's
certified letter campaign warning delinquent taxpayers resulted in another
$584,000 in payments.Tax Ease Ohio will now collect on the debt in purchases
from the county. The company will charge delinquent taxpayers 18% interest.The
sale was Columbiana County's' first tax lien sale. County Treasurer Linda Bolon
said selling tax liens helps revenue, motivates delinquent taxpayers to make
good, returns delinquent property to active tax rolls and helps avoid drawn-out,
costly foreclosure actions. Â Nearly half of the people receiving letters
notifying them of the planned sale either paid their entire delinquent bill or
entered into a payment contract, according to county officials.Ohio law allows
counties to turn over unpaid taxes to collection agencies. Â Bolon said Tax Ease
Ohio rejected some of the county's delinquent properties. The county will review
starting foreclosure procedures on those properties.Bolon told local media that
delinquent taxes have been reduced from $11 million to $8.5 million since she
took office, according to WFMJ, an NBC television affiliate. The county plans to
conduct tax lien sales each year with the next one set for September.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Zombie Foreclosures Result in Millions of Delinquent Tax Revenue Dollars

LENGTH: 359  words


Washington, D.C.: American Land Title Association has issued the following news
release:

So-called "zombie" foreclosures have been known to lower property values of
surrounding homes. But they also present another problem: property tax revenue
lost, RealtyTrac recently reported.

According to RealtyTrac's most recent data on zombie foreclosures, about 21
percent of the 141,406 total foreclosures reported in Q2 were of the zombie
variety. With the owner having deserted the distressed property, not only is
there no one to maintain the property's outward appearance, but there is no one
paying taxes on the property.

RealtyTrac estimates near $400 million in delinquent property tax revenue as a
result of zombie foreclosures in Q2. The top metropolitan statistical area (MSA)
as far as delinquent property tax revenue in Q2, according to RealtyTrac, was
New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island, with $208.5 million. This MSA also
reported the highest total number of zombie foreclosures of any MSA in the
nation in Q2 with 13,574, according to RealtyTrac.

The MSA with the second highest delinquent tax revenue total was
Chicago-Naperville-Joliet with $45.1 million. This area placed third in total
zombie foreclosures with 9,975 behind New York and Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano
Beach (12,958). Miami placed third in delinquent property tax revenue due to
zombie foreclosures, with $36.3 million.

Much has been made in the last few months about the problems caused by zombie
foreclosures, which are properties that have been deserted by their owners but
the title is still in the owner's name because the foreclosure process has not
been completed. The fact that these homes fall into disrepair with no one to
maintain them, as well as the fact that they attract vandals and other crime,
has been well documented. Zombie foreclosures declined in 38 states according to
RealtyTrac's Q2 report, but they were still up in several states. With more than
48,000 zombie foreclosures in Q2, Florida accounted for nearly a third of the
nation's total.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 7, 2007 Wednesday

Most eateries on delinquent list have paid up

BYLINE: Lynne P. Shackleford, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


Feb. 7--One local restaurant and two others that have closed are five months
delinquent paying their hospitality taxes to the city.

Spartanburg City Attorney Cathy Hoefer McCabe released the names of those
restaurants that were delinquent as of Jan. 24, the date the Herald-Journal
requested the names of delinquent restaurants under the S.C. Freedom of
Information Act.

On Jan. 24, the date the newspaper's request was filed, 14 restaurants were
delinquent. All but three have since paid in full.

DQ Grill & Chill, located in Dorman Centre, is the lone restaurant remaining
open that hasn't paid the two percent tax levied on all prepared foods sold
inside the city.

Bryan Henson, who owns the local franchise, admitted he was late paying the tax,
but said he didn't realize he was five months behind.

McCabe said the city has tried to contact DQ Grill & Chill by phone and has sent
notices by mail, but hasn't been able to make contact with anyone.

Henson said he did plan to pay the taxes, but said he got behind because "it's
been a bad winter (for sales)."

"It's not their money," McCabe said. "It's the city's money and they're the
keepers of it."

According to the ordinance, the city may prosecute restaurant owners in
municipal court for failing to pay hospitality taxes and they could be ordered
to pay fines with each delinquent day being a separate offense.

The city might also suspend a restaurant's business license for failing to pay.

Hub City Grille and Pranza, both of which have closed, are also five months
delinquent.

The hospitality tax was enacted four years ago and generated about $3 million
for the city in 2006. There are approximately 238 restaurants, grocery store
delis and caterers required to pay the tax.

Spartanburg City Council is considering increasing the penalties for delinquent
restaurants. Currently, a restaurant that is late in paying the tax is subjected
to a one-time 10 percent levy. Under the new ordinance, a restaurant would be
required to pay a 10 percent penalty for each month they are late paying the
fee.

To see more of the Herald-Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoUpstate.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070207-SG-DELINQUENT-EATERIES-20070207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2007 Herald-Journal


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 353  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

Note: The starting monthly salary is at the minimum rate of pay advertised
above.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

Note: The starting monthly salary is at the minimum rate of pay advertised
above.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

Note: The starting monthly salary is at the minimum rate of pay advertised
above.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

Note: The starting monthly salary is at the minimum rate of pay advertised
above.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: DELINQUENT TAX COLLECTION ASSISTANT II (SR-17) - OAHU

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Human Resources, The State of Hawaii has issued the following job
opportunities:

Recruitment Number 214308 - Downtown, Oahu Employment Only.

Note: The starting monthly salary is at the minimum rate of pay advertised
above.

A continuous recruitment may be closed at any time. The notice of the last day
to file applications will be posted on the Civil Service Hawaii State Government
Jobs page of our website.
 Duties Summary:
Performs delinquent tax collection assignments which regularly encompass complex
problems and which require immediate action to prevent loss of revenue to the
State; may supervise lower level delinquent tax collection assistants and
performs other related duties as assigned.
 Minimum Qualification Requirements:
To qualify, you must meet all of the following requirements:

Specialized Experience:
A. One year of experience in the tax field which required the application of tax
laws and related regulations and procedures in collecting current or delinquent
taxes, in preparing tax returns, or in determining tax liability AND one year of
tax collection experience performing a variety of delinquent tax collection
assignments involving moderately difficult cases comparable to the Delinquent
Tax Collection Assistant I * level in the State service.

*The Delinquent Tax collection Assistant I performs a variety of delinquent tax
collection assignments ranging from the simple to moderately difficult which
require field contacts and which include individuals with medium to large
income, and businesses of a small to moderately large nature.

OR

B. Two years of collection experience.*

*Collection Experience: Experience performing a variety of collection activities
such as contacting debtors and negotiating payment plans; evaluating financial
records and other documents and identifying assets that may be used to satisfy
debts; evaluating the debtors' ability to pay; determining the most productive
collection method to pursue; and/or using legal proceedings (e.g., levy, lien)
and/or court actions (e.g., seizure and foreclosure) to satisfy the debt.

Substitutions Allowed: Relevant substitutions as described in the Minimum
Qualification Requirements, will apply.

License: You must possess a valid drivers license at the time of appointment.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Delinquent properties available in tax sale

BYLINE: Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 269 words


Dec. 29--The Cass County Board of Commissioners will conduct a live tax
certificate sale of delinquent properties that did not sell at the prior Cass
County Tax Sale at 10 a.m. (EST) Thursday, Jan. 7, in the Commissioners' Hearing
Room on the second floor of the Cass County Government Building, 200 Court Park.

Commissioners' certificate sale is to offer delinquent properties at a
discounted price. About 71 previously unsold certificates will be offered for
opening bids that equal less than the total amount due in taxes, costs and
penalties.

Subsequently, an internet sale of leftover properties will begin at 9 a.m. (EST)
Saturday, Jan. 16, and will close at 2 p.m. (EST) Friday, Jan. 22. Auction
participation and registration is located at www.zeusacution.com. The parcels
that will be available at that sale will be those that do not sell during the
Jan. 7 live auction.

The Cass County Commissioners have contracted with SRI Inc., an
Indianapolis-based company founded in 1989 that conducts county tax sales and
commissioners' certificate sales for 84 counties in Indiana plus additional
counties in Colorado, Iowa, Florida, Louisiana and Michigan.

Persons interested in the sale should visit SRI Inc.'s corporate site at
www.sriservices.com.

IF YOU GO

WHAT: Cass County Commissioners' tax sale

WHEN: 10 a.m. Jan. 7

WHERE: Commissioners' Hearing Room on the second floor of the Cass County
Government Building, 200 Court Park

INFO: www.sriservices.com

___ (c)2015 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151229-LG-Delinquent-properties-available-in-tax-sale-1229-20151229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2015 Pharos-Tribune


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 8, 1989, TUESDAY, ST. CHARLES Edition

AMNESTY FOR CHILD-SUPPORT PAYMENTS THIS WEEK

BYLINE: Marianna Riley Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1014 words


Ruby McDonald says her ex-husband is willing to sit in jail rather than pay
about $10,000 in child support he owes her daughter. Pam Jungwirth says her
husband is hiding in the jungles of Belize rather than cough up the $40,000 she
says her children are owed.  But neither is giving up. And they hope their
openness will help other women.  ''I've struggled for 10 years,'' Jungwirth
said. ''He owes it to the kids to get them through their teen-age years and
college.'' Jungwirth, now remarried to a man with no children, considers herself
luckier than most.  She says her ex-husband went from South Carolina to North
Carolina to Alabama to Texas to Mississippi before taking off for Central
America to avoid his increasingly delinquent child-support payments.  On Monday,
McDonald and Jungwirth participated in a news conference by the prosecuting
attorney's office in St. Charles County to tell parents who are delinquent in
their child-support payments that Monday through Friday is an amnesty period in
St. Charles County. During that time, they can make arrangements for payment
without fear of prosecution.  It is ''one last chance,'' said St. Charles County
Prosecutor William J.  Hannah, in announcing that his office, along with the
cooperation of the Missouri Department of Social Services' Division of Child
Support Enforcement, would conduct the project.  For those who do not come
forward, arrests will begin Monday.  In the meantime, parents who make sincere
efforts to make arrangements for child-support payments will have nothing to
fear, said Bill Rapps, director of the Division of Child Support. Leah B. Haub,
assistant prosecuting attorney in charge of child support, said she encouraged
delinquent parents to ''make deals in order to avoid criminal prosecution. We're
trying to get people out of the woodwork.'' She said she would like to collect
at least $1,000 from each delinquent parent in this week's amnesty program.
Haub said she had files on about 1,200 parents delinquent in their payments.
Some files are dormant, and others are on file simply so the office can monitor
payments, she said.  In addition, 7,000 cases in St. Charles County do not
involve criminal prosecution and will be handled administratively, she said. But
at any time, some of that number could be sent to her office for legal action,
she said.  She estimated that delinquent child-support payments in Missouri
could add up to as much as $1 billion.  Rapps estimated that Missouri had
300,000 delinquent child support cases, representing 375,000 children.  ''But in
reality, the cases we're working on number about 260,000, which represents about
300,000 children,'' he said. Last year, this translated into $106 million in
delinquent child support payments.  He insisted that the parents subject to
arrest would be those who had been offered every opportunity to make
arrangements to catch up on their payments.  ''We know they can and they
didn't,'' he said.  The amnesty program was preceded by an inquiry by state
investigators, who came to St. Charles County last month to locate parents
behind in their payments.  Haub says she will work out the deals depending on
the reasonableness of the offers. ''If they say they don't have any money, we
will explore why.  If it's because they have a job that pays $3.50 an hour and
are disabled, that's reasonable. But if they are living extravagantly, with good
jobs and are buying luxury items, these are the people we'll start arresting.
''You'd be surprised how much they can cough up once they've been put in jail.
And even if they're in jail, mom and the kids aren't any worse off.  They
weren't paying before anyway.'' Said Rapps, ''It's a lot like being in jail if
you're a kid and living in poverty and you don't do well in school because your
eyes are bad or you don't want to open your mouth because your teeth are
crooked.  ''As it is, a lot of these kids are being taken care of at the
taxpayers' expense.''

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by L.T. Spence/St. Charles Post ... Pam Jungwirth (left)
and Ruby McDonald, both of St. Charles, talking at a news conference about an
amnesty program. Both women say their ex-husbands owe large amounts of child
support. Photo by L.T. Spence/St. Charles Post ... Bill Rapps, director of the
Division of Child Support enforcement, Missouri Department of Social Services,
and Leah B. Haub, assistant prosecuting attorney of St. Charles County, at the
St. Charles County courthouse to announce an amnesty program for those
delinquent in child-support payments.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 19, 2010 Tuesday

City seeks repayment of delinquent loans

BYLINE: Darrin Youker, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


Oct. 19--Reading is trying to recoup delinquent loans dating back more than 20
years given to businesses for projects and then never repaid.

The city has more than 30 delinquent loans, totaling $15 million, that were
given as part of community development projects but never repaid by businesses,
offi cials said.

The city administration is now in talks with legal authorities and collection
agencies about going after those outstanding loans.

After reviewing the list of delinquent loans, Dan Robbins, the city's director
of community development, told City Council on Monday that he believes about 18
of those loans-- totaling $1 million--could be collected.

The rest were given to businesses that have either folded or the person who
received the loan can't be found, he said.

Money collected from the delinquent loans cannot be used to balance the city
budget, but instead would be returned to a community development fund for future
loans, Robbins said.

"Some of this is found money for the city," he said.

Most of the outstanding loans date back to before 1994, with a handful given out
more recently, Robbins said.

Councilman Francis Acosta said he was angered that the loans have not been
repaid.

"I want people to know that we are taking care of this issue," he said.

Robbins said he would like to work out an agreement with a collection agency
where the city receives a portion of the funds collected but pays no upfront
costs for services.

Council also learned that the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation will
repave North Sixth Street from Amity Street to Hiester's Lane next spring at a
cost of $500,000.

Contact Darrin Youker: 610-371-5032 or dyouker@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101019-RE-City-seeks-repayment-of-delinquent-loans-1019-20101019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2010 Reading Eagle


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 28, 2012 Saturday

Area counties see drop in delinquent property taxes

BYLINE: Jon Swedien, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words


Jan. 28--Delinquent property taxes owed by Eau Claire County residents are
hovering around $3 million, about the same as last year.

And while the amount of delinquent taxes plateaued this year, outstanding taxes
have fallen since the height of the recent economic recession, county Treasurer
Larry Lokken said. In 2008, delinquent property taxes in the county had reached
$4.5 million.

"It's getting better" compared to then, Lokken said, adding the treasurer's
office has been especially busy in recent days.

Tuesday is the deadline to pay first-half property taxes for 2011.

The outstanding property taxes pales in comparison with the total amount taken
in by the county, Lokken said. In 2011, more than $100 million was collected in
2010 taxes, Lokken said.

Chippewa County

In Chippewa County, delinquent tax dollars fell steadily in recent years,
dropping from $2.15 million on Dec. 31, 2009, to $1.93 million on Dec. 31, 2011.

"It went down a little bit," said county Treasurer Patricia Schimmel.

While there is some good news in the decrease in delinquent taxes, Schimmel
said, the decrease is caused in part by the processing of home foreclosures.
Outstanding property taxes are paid as the foreclosure process concludes.

Dunn County

In Dunn County, there were $1.65 million in delinquent taxes as of Dec. 31,
2011, down from $1.99 million on Dec. 31 2010.

"It's up and down," in recent years, said county Treasurer Mary Erpenbach,
noting outstanding taxes in the county stood at $1.09 million on Dec. 31 2009.

Swedien can be reached at 715-833-9214, 800-236-7077 or jon.swedien@ecpc.com

___ (c)2012 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120128-EW-Area-counties-see-drop-in-delinquent
-property-taxes-0128-20120128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2012 The Leader-Telegram


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday

Rezoning, delinquent taxes on BISD agenda

BYLINE: Gary Long, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


Feb. 02--Brownsville Independent School District trustees will meet in special
session today to discuss redistricting for the 2012-2013 school year and fees
that BISD's new delinquent tax-collection firm will be allowed to charge.

Two weeks ago, trustees hired the Edinburg firm of Linebarger, Heard, Goggan,
Blair, Graham & Sampson L.L.P. to collect the district's delinquent ad valorem
taxes and directed the administration to negotiate a contract.

Trustees will be asked to approve a resolution raising the delinquent ad valorem
tax collection penalty to 15 percent from 12½ percent. If approved, the
resolution would allow Linebarger to collect a 15 percent fee, or $15 per $100
of delinquent taxes actually collected and deposited into BISD accounts.

Board President Enrique Escobedo said the higher rate is what the Linebarger
firm charges and that the resolution is needed to comply with the contract.

Several factors are at work in BISD's rezoning considerations for the coming
school year as the district looks to maximize use of its facilities, improve
feeder school patterns and equalize school enrollments.

-- Daniel Breeden Elementary, 3955 Dana Ave., will open for the first time in
2012-2013. The school has been finished for more than a year but didn't open
because of budget considerations.

Having Breeden open is expected to relieve overcrowding at Burns, Gallegos,
Hudson and Paredes elementary schools.

--Veterans Memorial High School will add another class.

VMHS opened in August 2010 with freshman and sophomore students. It added a new
freshman class this year and will do so again in 2012-2013, giving the school
freshmen, sophomores, juniors and seniors next year.

BISD also will open the Science, Technology, Architecture and Medical
Professions College Preparatory Program at VMHS in 2012-2013.

Today's meeting starts at 5:30 p.m. in the boardroom of the BISD Administration
Building at 1900 Price Road.

___ (c)2012 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120202-BV-Rezoning-delinquent-taxes-on-BISD-agenda-0202-20120202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2012 The Brownsville Herald


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Linebarger to collect BISD back taxes

BYLINE: Gary Long, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


Jan. 19--By a 4-3 vote Tuesday night, the Brownsville Independent School
District Board of Trustees chose the Edinburg firm of Linebarger, Heard, Goggan,
Blair, Graham & Sampson L.L.P. to collect the district's delinquent ad valorem
taxes.

The Linebarger firm specializes in delinquent tax collections. It was one of
three firms to submit qualifications for BISD's consideration, including the
current tax-collection firm of Enrique Pena and Associates.

Terms of the contract are being negotiated, BISD legal counsel Arturo Michel
said. The contract is to be negotiated for a one-year term with an option to
renew, according to information provided for Tuesday's meeting.

Pena and Associates, which has been BISD's delinquent collection firm for the
past five years, receives a fee of 12½ percent of all delinquent taxes,
penalties and interest actually collected and deposited into BISD accounts. For
example, if a taxpayer owes $100, Pena is allowed to collect $112.50.

Board President Enrique Escobedo the decision to award delinquent tax
collections to Linebarger boiled down to a calculation of which firm was most
likely to collect the highest amount of back taxes. The third firm to submit
qualifications was Perdue, Brandon, Fielder, Collins & Mott, L.L.P. of McAllen.

"Delinquent tax collection doesn't cost the district anything," Escobedo said.
"The difference is the revenue generated. ... All three firms are very well
qualified, but the question is who can collect more for us. We looked closely at
the numbers and determined who could get us more revenue. ... For us, (the
difference in favor of Linebarger) was significant enough to merit a change."

During a presentation earlier in the meeting about his firm's activities, Pena
said that as of July 1 BISD was owed $12.32 million in delinquent taxes.

Trustees Catalina Presas-Garcia, Luci Longoria and Christina Saavedra voted with
Escobedo in favor of Linebarger, while Joe Colunga, Rolando Aguilar and Minerva
Pena opposed the move.

In other business, trustees voted unanimously to accept the Hanna High School
Performing Arts Instructional Facility at 2617 Price Road as substantially
complete. Hanna had been the only BISD high school without an auditorium. The
$6.46 million project was paid for with federal stimulus funds utilizing
Qualified School Construction Bonds.

___ (c)2012 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120119-BV-Linebarger-to-collect-BISD-back-taxes-0119-20120119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2012 The Brownsville Herald


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday

City Council discusses options to curb delinquent garbage bills

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Feb. 05--The city of Erie and Erie Water Works could explore combining
customers' water, sewer and garbage bills, lawsuits and rescinding or denying
landlords' eligibility for city-required rental licenses as a way to better
collect more than $1.6 million in delinquent refuse fees.

City Council and other city officials discussed the issue with Paul Vojtek, the
Erie Water Works' chief executive, at council's Finance Committee meeting this
morning at Erie City Hall.

Vojtek told City Council that the city's total delinquencies, including accounts
that have municipal liens filed against them, is $2.3 million.

Some customers, Vojtek said, have not paid their bills in a decade, likely
because they know there is little penalty for nonpayment and the city continues
to collect garbage at properties with delinquent accounts.

City officials have been criticized by some citizens for not being aggressive
enough on the issue, especially since residents' garbage fees were increased in
the city's 2014 budget.

Councilman Cas Kwitowski said the city needs to get tough regarding the
delinquent accounts. Kwitowski suggested filing lawsuits to get the largest
delinquent customers to pay up.

"We've got to start having some guts around here," Kwitowski said. "People are
mocking us over this."

Vojtek said that Erie Water Works received $55,500 in payments from delinquent
customers in the wake of a Jan. 19 Erie Times-News story on the city's problems
with delinquent garbage accounts.

A list of accounts that were delinquent at that time was posted at
www.goerie.com/garbagebills.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140205-EI-City-Council-discusses-options-to-curb-delinquent
-garbage-bills-0205-20140205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 15, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

THE DEFECTS IN A COURT SYSTEM FOR YOUTH CRIME

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 706 words


To the Editor:

The Times's dramatic six-part series on the subject of juvenile crime directed
much attention to the shortcomings of the Family Court system of New York State,
and especially New York City. It isn't that the criticism isn't valid; rather,
it is misdirected -it might be compared to denouncing a duck because it is not a
swan.v.hen the people of our state determined in 1962 that a separate court
should deal with children who engage in criminal acts, the Family Court was
created. The people, through their legislators, made the rules under which this
new court would function.

It was to be a civil court, not criminal. It was to guarantee all who appeared
before it due process, the assistance of counsel and the right to a trial,
albeit without a jury.

In adjudicating issues involving alleged delinquents, the Legislature provided
that there be two trials. The first, known as a fact-finding hearing, would be
conducted essentially under the dueprocess rules of a criminal proceeding. If
the facts were proven beyond a reasonable doubt, the court was obliged to
conduct a second trial to determine whether the delinquent was in need of
treatment and, further, whether treatment was available.

It is the requirement regarding the availability of treatment that exposes the
court to its greatest public criticism. The Legislature did not permit the judge
to punish the delinquent. Neither is the judge allowed to compel any institution
to accept the delinquent for treatment: the treatment facility determines
whether help is available.

This mandate led to the most glaring dissatisfaction with the court, since it is
the delinquent most in need of help - the sickest, if you will - who is the
least likely to be found eligible for treatment by any existing facility. The
situation thus created resembles the case of a terminally ill patient who is not
accepted into a hospital, not because he doesn't need treatment but because no
treatment is available.

Virtually every other state in the union provides for the transfer of a
delinquent from its family court to the jurisdiction of the criminal court
system, where punishment is an option, when it is found that he is untreatable.
Despite the recent amendments with regard to juvenile offenders, the Albany
Legislature still has not made such provision.

The Legislature imposed other peculiarities on the Family Court, particularly in
the area of pretrial detention. Bail is not an option because provisions were
made for speedy fact-finding. The court must release the accused back into the
community unless it can be established that he is not likely to return to court
voluntarily or that he likely will commit another criminal act. Even in
instances where the delinquent is placed in a treatment institution, the
Legislature provided for his discharge upon determination that the treatment
program is complete, either by ''cure'' or because no ''cure'' is possible.

These procedures have exposed the court to criticism most often involving such
words as ''wrist-slapping,'' ''revolving door'' and ''indecisive.'' These
observations are no doubt valid, but correction must come from the Legislature;
it cannot come from the courts.

As an independent third branch of government, the courts are in a peculiar
position of dependency. They must apply the laws written by the Legislature and
function with the resources provided by the executive. New York State's Family
Court, unlike those in some other states, has no control over placement and
treatment facilities; that is an executive function.

It is indeed ironic that a newspaper as sophisticated as The Times should not
recognize this basic fact and point its expositive skills in the proper
direction.  (Judge) EDWARD J. MCLAUGHLIN Syracuse, March 5, 1982

The writer heads the Association of New York State Family Court Judges.

*

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Zombie Foreclosures Result in Millions of Delinquent Tax Revenue
Dollars

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Land Title Association has issued the following news release:

zombie foreclosuresSo-called "zombie" foreclosures have been known to lower
property values of surrounding homes. But they also present another problem:
property tax revenue lost, RealtyTrac recently reported.

According to RealtyTrac's most recent data on zombie foreclosures, about 21
percent of the 141,406 total foreclosures reported in Q2 were of the zombie
variety. With the owner having deserted the distressed property, not only is
there no one to maintain the property's outward appearance, but there is no one
paying taxes on the property.

RealtyTrac estimates near $400 million in delinquent property tax revenue as a
result of zombie foreclosures in Q2. The top metropolitan statistical area (MSA)
as far as delinquent property tax revenue in Q2, according to RealtyTrac, was
New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island, with $208.5 million. This MSA also
reported the highest total number of zombie foreclosures of any MSA in the
nation in Q2 with 13,574, according to RealtyTrac.

The MSA with the second highest delinquent tax revenue total was
Chicago-Naperville-Joliet with $45.1 million. This area placed third in total
zombie foreclosures with 9,975 behind New York and Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano
Beach (12,958). Miami placed third in delinquent property tax revenue due to
zombie foreclosures, with $36.3 million.

Much has been made in the last few months about the problems caused by zombie
foreclosures, which are properties that have been deserted by their owners but
the title is still in the owner's name because the foreclosure process has not
been completed. The fact that these homes fall into disrepair with no one to
maintain them, as well as the fact that they attract vandals and other crime,
has been well documented. Zombie foreclosures declined in 38 states according to
RealtyTrac's Q2 report, but they were still up in several states. With more than
48,000 zombie foreclosures in Q2, Florida accounted for nearly a third of the
nation's total.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     June 4, 2002 Tuesday Marshall Edition

Building to get new roof;
Commissioners also hear request from county treasurer for measure to improve
collection of tardy personal property taxes.

BYLINE: By JENNIFER MACK; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 500 words


PLYMOUTH -- The Marshall County Building will get a new $60,216 roof later this
month.

The Marshall County Board of Commissioners approved a bid from Slatile Roofing
in South Bend to put the new roof on the building the week of June 17.

The building was constructed more than 20 years ago, and according to county
Maintenance Superintendent Mike Rooney, the roof has never been replaced.

The commissioners also hired Mike Strang, of the Plymouth engineering firm
Strang and Associates, to oversee the project when Rooney is unavailable to
inspect the work. He told the commissioners Slatile Roofing will work out of the
parking lot north of the county building. The parking lot, he said, likely will
be roped off.

Strang also said Slatile's bid was lowest in a range from about $60,000 to
$80,000 to replace the roof.

In other business, the commissioners said they would consider a request by
Treasurer Penny Lukenbill to pass a personal property demand ordinance.
Lukenbill said she does not have an effective mechanism to collect delinquent
personal property tax.

Personal property, she said, includes items such as snowmobiles.

She said she can notify the owner after one year that delinquent taxes are owed.
Then she could certify a judgment against the taxpayer in the clerk's office,
she explained.

"Most (cases) just quietly die," she said, noting that many delinquent taxpayers
have since moved away without a forwarding address, leaving her no way to track
them down.

In 2001, she said, her office showed that $76,800 in personal property taxes
were delinquent. As of Monday, she said, $60,750 of that is still uncollected.

According to Lukenbill, if the commissioners pass her proposed ordinance, she
would be able to publish the delinquent taxpayer's name in the newspaper. She
said this would help notify the taxpayers they are delinquent if she has been
unable to find them.

Also, Lukenbill explained, she believes printing the names of delinquent
taxpayers in the paper could also act as a deterrent. She said printing the
names of those who are delinquent paying their real estate taxes has been
effective.

"People will do anything to keep their names out of the paper. Plus it will
increase our chances of notification," Lukenbill said.

She said Rush County, Ind., has instituted the personal property tax demand
ordinance and has increased collections.

Also Monday, Marshall County Sheriff Bob Ruff indicated he would work with an
Argos man, Tom Smith, and not require that he remove several abandoned vehicles
on his property at the request of a neighbor.

Smith runs a car restoration business and has several cars on the property in
open view.

Ruff said since Smith is trying to rectify the situation, he will allow Smith
time to get the necessary variance to run a business on his property, as well as
put up a fence so that the cars are not visible to the public.

Staff writer Jennifer Mack:

jmack@sbtinfo.com

(574) 936-2921

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

BRIEF: Sinnott: Garbage-bill delinquents could see their names posted on city
website

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 213 words


Dec. 25--The city of Erie might take a different approach to try to collect more
than $2 million in delinquent garbage fees -- listing the names of those who
haven't paid on the Internet.

Mayor Joe Sinnott said adding a database to the city's website, www.erie.pa.us
-- which would include the names of people delinquent on their garbage bills and
the amounts they owe -- "is one thing we have talked about doing" in 2014.

City Council President Jim Winarski said he supports the move.

The approach is similar to one the city of Scranton took earlier this year, when
it created a searchable, online database of past-due garbage bill accounts.

That city is trying to collect nearly $8 million in overdue garbage bills.

"My thought is that it would include those who get behind by a year or more,"
Sinnott said. "Those are the most seriously delinquent people. It's not the
people who miss a payment and quickly catch up."

Sinnott's proposed $69.7 million city budget for 2014, approved by Erie City
Council on Dec. 18, included increases in city residents' garbage and sewer
fees. The fee hikes meant $3.1 million in new money for the spending plan.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131225-EI-BRF-Sinnott-Garbage-bill-delinquents
-could-see-their-names-posted-on-city-website-1225-20131225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 5, 2012 Friday

5 teens found delinquent in melee at alternative education school

BYLINE: Holly Herman, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 355 words


Oct. 05--Five Reading juveniles were found delinquent Thursday in Berks County
Juvenile Court on riot charges for participating in a Sept. 21 melee in an
alternative education school in the city.

Two others were found delinquent of disorderly conduct for their roles in the
melee at Delaware Valley High School, 905 Margaret St.

Judge Scott E. Lash ordered five of the teens to remain in the Abraxas juvenile
detention center in New Morgan. The others were released to relatives pending
disposition of their cases.

Juvenile law allows authorities to provide supervision until the offender turns
21. Lash ordered all seven not to return to school.

Investigators said they were called to the school to break up a melee at 8:45
a.m. that broke out because 10 boys had been suspended the day before for
vandalism and refused to leave the school cafeteria.

They said the seven students were interfering with the school authorities'
attempts to remove the students and became unruly.

Those found delinquent on riot charges are Natasha M. Kuilan, 17; Madyson A.
Thomas, 17; Omari Carrion, 16; Jose Medina, 16; and Christian Perez, 14.

Kuilan was allowed to remain free to take care of her 11/2-year-old daughter,
pending disposition of her case.

The others will stay in Abraxas.

Rhepeeq Bland, 14, pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was placed on
probation and ordered to attend an evening treatment program. He was also
ordered to perform 40 hours of community service.

Jesse Fleming, 14, also pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was ordered to
remain in detention.

Assistant District Attorney Catherine Nadirov said the 14-year-olds were
disrespectful to police, and officers needed 11/2 hours to get the students off
the property.

Delaware Valley High School is operated by a Philadelphia-based organization
that the city district contracts with for alternative education.

The school opened Aug. 27 in the former Gateway magnet school.

Contact Holly Herman: 610-478-6291 or hherman@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121005-RE-5-teens-found-delinquent
-in-melee-at-alternative-education-school-1005-20121005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 20, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

TAX AMNESTY, TAX HONESTY

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 362 words


Honesty may be the best policy, but amnesty is giving it a good run among state
tax collectors. Impressed by Massachusetts' recent revenue windfall, Governor
Cuomo wants to try it in New York. It's a gimmick.

Tax amnesties, as recently practiced by a half- dozen states, don't excuse all
unpaid taxes, but they do forgive penalties, interest and possible prosecution.
There are several arguments in favor of doing so. Some are practical. For
instance, amnesties boost revenues and also flush some delinquents. Other
arguments are philosophical. Amnesties provide a humane way for delinquents to
wipe their slates clean. Amnesties are politically appealing. Every dollar they
smoke out is a dollar less needed in taxes.

But amnesties are bad tax policy. They penalize the great majority of honest
taxpayers who've had to pay more taxes all along because delinquents weren't
paying their share. They're a confession of weakness, acknowledging that the
system can't collect what it should, thus further eroding confidence in its
fairness. They invite noncompliance. If the revenuers grant forgiveness once,
people will be encouraged to expect further amnesties in the future - which is
just what has happened in Italy.  The revenue results are mixed, and there's a
carrot-and-stick lesson in the difference. Massachusetts attracted attention by
permitting delinquents to come in for three months, after enacting rigorous new
penalties, beefing up enforcement and warning delinquents that if they didn't
take advantage of the amnesty, they'd really get it in the neck. It collected
$54 million - far more than expected. But Missouri engaged in no such
preliminaries. Few delinquents bothered to declare, and the state collected less
than $1 million.  In New York, Governor Cuomo wants to copy Massachusetts,
putting together a package of stiff penalties and audits that he'll propose to
the Legislature. Only after that becomes law would amnesty be tried.  Even so,
the idea rankles. If there has to be an amnesty, at least don't let it become a
free ride. Forgive the penalties, but make the delinquents pay interest on the
money they've been delinquent with.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 21, 2012 Friday

BRIEF: Delinquent mortgages fall below 6% in area

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 97 words


Dec. 21--The percentage of Toledo-area mortgage loans that were 90 or more days
delinquent has fallen below 6 percent for the first time since April, 2009,
according to CoreLogic, a California real estate data firm.

CoreLogic said that in October, 5.95 percent of mortgage loans were 90 days or
more delinquent. That compares to 6.07 percent in September and 6.51 percent in
October of 2011. The rate was above 7 percent for the first six months of 2010.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121221-TO-BRF-Delinquent-mortgages-fall-below-6-in-area-1221-20121221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 5, 2012 Friday

5 teens found delinquent in melee at alternative education school

BYLINE: Holly Herman, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


Oct. 05--Five Reading juveniles were found delinquent Thursday in Berks County
Juvenile Court on riot charges for participating in a Sept. 21 melee in an
alternative education school in the city.

Two others were found delinquent of disorderly conduct for their roles in the
melee at Delaware Valley High School, 905 Margaret St.

Judge Scott E. Lash ordered five of the teens to remain in the Abraxas juvenile
detention center in New Morgan. The others were released to relatives pending
disposition of their cases.

Juvenile law allows authorities to provide supervision until the offender turns
21. Lash ordered all seven not to return to the school property.

Investigators said they were called to the school to break up a melee at 8:45
a.m. that broke out because 10 boys had been suspended the day before for
vandalism and refused to leave the school cafeteria.

They said the seven students were interfering with the school authorities'
attempts to remove the students and became unruly.

Those found delinquent on riot charges are Natasha M. Kuilan, 17; Madyson A.
Thomas, 17; Omari Carrion, 16; Jose Medina, 16; and Christian Perez, 14.

Kuilan was allowed to remain free to take care of her 11/2-year-old daughter,
pending disposition of her case.

The others will stay in Abraxas.

Rhepeeq Bland, 14, pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was placed on
probation and ordered to attend an evening treatment program. He was also
ordered to perform 40 hours of community service.

Jesse Fleming, 14, also pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was ordered to
remain in detention.

Assistant District Attorney Catherine Nadirov said the 14-year-olds were
disrespectful to police, and officers needed 11/2 hours to get the students off
the property.

Delaware Valley High School is operated by a Philadelphia-based organization
that the city district contracts with for alternative education.

The school opened Aug. 27 in the former Gateway magnet school.

Contact Holly Herman: 610-478-6291 or hherman@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121005-RE-5-teens-found-delinquent
-in-melee-at-alternative-education-school-1005-20121005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             January 2, 2011 Sunday

Foreclosure process moves at snail's pace

BYLINE: By Marcie Geffner bankrate.com

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Business

LENGTH: 704 words


Six hundred days. That's how long, on average, mortgage loans in the foreclosure
process in New York have been delinquent.

That's the longest average in the nation, but not by much, according to LPS
Applied Analytics, in Jacksonville, Fla. Loans in foreclosure in Florida, New
Jersey, Hawaii and Maine have been delinquent more than 500 days, on average,
while home loans in California and Nevada have been delinquent 461 and 427 days,
respectively. In the two speediest states, Nebraska and Wyoming, loans in the
foreclosure process are delinquent by an average of 358 days.

Those statistics raise a question: Why do foreclosures take so long?

Some states use a judicial process. The causes of delays in judicial foreclosure
states include backlogged courts, antiquated systems and judges' schedules, says
Shari Olefson, an attorney with Fowler White Boggs in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and
author of "Foreclosure Nation," a book about the subprime mortgage crisis.

In one case, Olefson says, "We went down for the hearing and the judge said,
that morning, you are moved to (another) judge, and we went to that judge, and
the earliest hearing date he has is April."

The problem may be most severe in Florida, which has the highest number of
foreclosures in the country, according to Rick Sharga, senior vice president at
RealtyTrac, a foreclosure information service in Irvine. The backlog in Florida
has been so severe that the state has set up separate courts and brought in
retired judges to handle foreclosure cases.

Government officials and agencies cause delays through temporary moratoriums,
mandatory mediation sessions and loan modification or assistance programs such
as the federal Home Affordable Modification Program, or HAMP.

Mortgage servicers -- the companies that process monthly payments -- have been
equally ill-equipped to handle the large volume of foreclosures. While it may
seem counterintuitive, they have reasons to drag their feet:

Servicers' philosophies and directives are "constantly in flux," Olefson says.
One may need to raise cash to meet regulatory guidelines, while another may have
too much inventory of unsold real estate on its books. Staid corporate cultures
and high staff turnover contribute to slow decision-making.

Servicers don't want to take on the legal and financial responsibilities of
owning more homes. As soon as the foreclosure is completed, the lender
"immediately assumes liability and carrying costs," Sharga says. Examples of
such costs include property taxes, casualty insurance, repairs and maintenance,
and homeowner association dues.

Lenders are loath to write off losses on unpaid loans.

"Foreclosure typically isn't making a profit, it's minimizing a loss. It's hard
to get the (investors) who own the notes excited about spending more money to
execute a foreclosure," Sharga says. "Ironically, the longer these things take,
the more it costs."

Lenders securitized and sold many of their loans to investors, whose objectives
may conflict. One investor may want to foreclose quickly and take the cash,
Sharga says, while another might want to keep the loan and pressure the borrower
to resume the payments. Disagreements lead to process paralysis.

Lenders may be especially unwilling to negotiate settlements with borrowers who
own expensive homes and are believed to have fraudulently hidden other assets in
offshore bank accounts, Olefson says.

"The banks are a lot less likely to settle because their feeling is that (the
borrower) has assets somewhere or will have assets," she says.

A rumor, whether true or not, that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. may take
over a lender can cause disruptions and delays, Olefson says. Lenders, investors
and borrowers alike tend to think they'll get a better loan workout deal if the
government agency steps in, but that's a "complete misconception," she says.

Years ago, foreclosures usually were uncontested, but today, homeowners are more
likely to hire a foreclosure attorney to stall the outcome, Olefson says.

Bankruptcy and other court filings can delay a foreclosure, but such actions may
be costly for the borrower. Default interest, force-placed insurance, property
taxes and legal fees can all end up on the borrower's account.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             January 2, 2011 Sunday

Foreclosure process moves at snail's pace

BYLINE: By Marcie Geffner bankrate.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 704 words


Six hundred days. That's how long, on average, mortgage loans in the foreclosure
process in New York have been delinquent.

That's the longest average in the nation, but not by much, according to LPS
Applied Analytics, in Jacksonville, Fla. Loans in foreclosure in Florida, New
Jersey, Hawaii and Maine have been delinquent more than 500 days, on average,
while home loans in California and Nevada have been delinquent 461 and 427 days,
respectively. In the two speediest states, Nebraska and Wyoming, loans in the
foreclosure process are delinquent by an average of 358 days.

Those statistics raise a question: Why do foreclosures take so long?

Some states use a judicial process. The causes of delays in judicial foreclosure
states include backlogged courts, antiquated systems and judges' schedules, says
Shari Olefson, an attorney with Fowler White Boggs in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and
author of "Foreclosure Nation," a book about the subprime mortgage crisis.

In one case, Olefson says, "We went down for the hearing and the judge said,
that morning, you are moved to (another) judge, and we went to that judge, and
the earliest hearing date he has is April."

The problem may be most severe in Florida, which has the highest number of
foreclosures in the country, according to Rick Sharga, senior vice president at
RealtyTrac, a foreclosure information service in Irvine. The backlog in Florida
has been so severe that the state has set up separate courts and brought in
retired judges to handle foreclosure cases.

Government officials and agencies cause delays through temporary moratoriums,
mandatory mediation sessions and loan modification or assistance programs such
as the federal Home Affordable Modification Program, or HAMP.

Mortgage servicers -- the companies that process monthly payments -- have been
equally ill-equipped to handle the large volume of foreclosures. While it may
seem counterintuitive, they have reasons to drag their feet:

Servicers' philosophies and directives are "constantly in flux," Olefson says.
One may need to raise cash to meet regulatory guidelines, while another may have
too much inventory of unsold real estate on its books. Staid corporate cultures
and high staff turnover contribute to slow decision-making.

Servicers don't want to take on the legal and financial responsibilities of
owning more homes. As soon as the foreclosure is completed, the lender
"immediately assumes liability and carrying costs," Sharga says. Examples of
such costs include property taxes, casualty insurance, repairs and maintenance,
and homeowner association dues.

Lenders are loath to write off losses on unpaid loans.

"Foreclosure typically isn't making a profit, it's minimizing a loss. It's hard
to get the (investors) who own the notes excited about spending more money to
execute a foreclosure," Sharga says. "Ironically, the longer these things take,
the more it costs."

Lenders securitized and sold many of their loans to investors, whose objectives
may conflict. One investor may want to foreclose quickly and take the cash,
Sharga says, while another might want to keep the loan and pressure the borrower
to resume the payments. Disagreements lead to process paralysis.

Lenders may be especially unwilling to negotiate settlements with borrowers who
own expensive homes and are believed to have fraudulently hidden other assets in
offshore bank accounts, Olefson says.

"The banks are a lot less likely to settle because their feeling is that (the
borrower) has assets somewhere or will have assets," she says.

A rumor, whether true or not, that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. may take
over a lender can cause disruptions and delays, Olefson says. Lenders, investors
and borrowers alike tend to think they'll get a better loan workout deal if the
government agency steps in, but that's a "complete misconception," she says.

Years ago, foreclosures usually were uncontested, but today, homeowners are more
likely to hire a foreclosure attorney to stall the outcome, Olefson says.

Bankruptcy and other court filings can delay a foreclosure, but such actions may
be costly for the borrower. Default interest, force-placed insurance, property
taxes and legal fees can all end up on the borrower's account.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hays Free Press (Buda, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 6, 2010

Montgomery judge owes big Hays bill;
DELINQUENT

BYLINE: BY JENNIFER BIUND0

LENGTH: 240  words


Montgomery County Judge Alan Sadler is attempting to pay off more than $50,000
in delinquent tax debt to Hays County, part of $300,000 in unpaid taxes that
Sadler and his business partner have amassed over the last two years throughout
the state.

Under the name of Development II Partners Inc., Sadler and his business partner
Aslam Kapadia own On the Run convenience store at IH-35 and Wonder World Drive.
The business owes $41,253 in delinquent taxes on the real property account and
$9,549 on personal property, said Hays County Tax Assessor-Collector Luanne
Caraway. The taxes are owed to Hays County, San Marcos ISD, the city of San
Marcos and a road district.

Taxes for the previous year come due on Jan. 31, and the county initiates legal
action against delinquent properly owners after July 1, Caraway said. Typically,
about two percent of property tax owed to the county is delinquent or unpaid.

The McCreary law firm filed a lawsuit seeking back taxes for the real property,
or land and buildings on behalf of Starting balance: $29,617

Total contributions: $40,085

Total expenditures: $22,683

In the bank as of Oct. 4: $46,319

Cobb Fendly PAC, Austin, $300

Lloyd Doggett, Austin, $1,000

Mitch and Betsy Taylor, Houston,

$1,000

Scott Polikov, Fort Worth, $1,000

Joe Phillips, McAllen, $5,000

James Farr, Dripping Springs, $500

Bob Gregory, Austin, $500

Nancy Ledbetter, Pflugerville, $200

John and Hope Sanford, Buda,

$250

Chuck Nash, San Marcos, $250

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HFP

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 Hays Free Press


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

County tax sale coming Sept. 9

BYLINE: Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 238 words


Sept. 03--Cass County will conduct a tax sale on Wednesday, Sept. 9, for
delinquent properties that have delinquent taxes and special assessments due
from the prior year's spring installment.

In Indiana, the county treasurer and auditor are required to sell tax liens on
delinquent properties that remain unpaid from the prior year's spring
installment. Cass County will offer the tax sale certificates at a public sale
that is not less than the total amount due in delinquent taxes, costs and
penalties.

In addition to serving as a source for local governments to collect unpaid
property taxes, tax sales also serve as an opportunity for real estate investors
to earn interest income upon redemption of the property within one year from the
sale, or to take title to the property though a post-tax sale process that
involves petitioning the local court for a tax deed.

Cass County has contracted with SRI Inc., an Indianapolis-based company founded
in 1989 that conducts tax sales, commissioners' certificate sales and
commissioners' deed sales over 80 counties in Indiana, Michigan and Colorodo.

Persons interested in registering and bidding at the Cass County Tax Sale should
visit the SRI Inc. website at www.sri-taxsale.com and read the information
regarding tax sales.

___ (c)2015 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150903-LG-County-tax-sale-coming-Sept-9-0903-20150903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2015 Pharos-Tribune


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 3, 1987, Tuesday, Final Edition

Md. Collects $ 25 Million In Amnesty;
10,000 People, Firms Pay Delinquent Taxes

BYLINE: Eugene L. Meyer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 739 words


Maryland's carrot-and-stick tax amnesty ended last night after paying handsome
dividends to the state. Delinquent people and corporations came forward and paid
more than $ 25 million, easily exceeding the goal for the two-month program.

The 10,000 delinquent taxpayers ranged from a multinational corporation that
wrote a check for $ 2.7 million, to a 21-year-old custom cabinet maker from
Temple Hills, who paid $ 700 he said he owed for 1985. The smallest payment was
20 cents for unpaid sales tax.

People accounted for 80 percent to 85 percent of the checks and returns
submitted, but corporations provided 70 percent of the funds received, according
to Assistant State Comptroller Marvin Bond.

Maryland was the latest of several states and the District of Columbia --
starting with Massachusetts in 1982 -- to go after back taxes with the promise
that civil and criminal penalties would be waived, and the threat that they
would be stiffened after the deadline.

Starting today, delinquent Maryland taxpayers will be subject to stiffer
criminal penalties, up to five years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine for each
count, compared with the one year and $ 1,000 previously in effect. Furthermore,
civil penalties will increase from 10 percent to 25 percent of taxes owed.

Comptroller Louis L. Goldstein said his office would begin withholding checks
from firms doing business with the state, if they are delinquent in their taxes.
A sophisticated new computer and 36 more auditors will also be employed to beef
up the state's enforcement.

To encourage corporate compliance, the state in recent years has used retired
Internal Revenue Service auditors based in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles to
review company returns and to develop and follow up investigative leads. State
officials would not identify delinquent taxpayers.

Amnesty payments were no windfall of surplus funds for the state. The governor
had already committed the $ 20 million in his 1987 budget. By last night, the
Maryland program had brought in $ 25.1 million. Of the total, $ 9 million came
from out-of-state taxpayers, including $ 1 million from the District.

Within the state, Montgomery County was producing the largest amount of revenue,
more than $ 2 million. A Montgomery County taxpayer's check for $ 10,000,
representing five years of delinquent income taxes, pushed the state total over
$ 20 million, according to Bond.

"We're very well satisfied," said Bond, who, with Goldstein, toured the state to
promote the program. "The end of September, we hadn't heard from Garrett
County," the westernmost in the state. "Three days after we got back from there,
checks started coming in."

The state spent $ 375,000 to advertise the program. But at least one
advertisement, noting that 1920s mobster Al Capone had gone to jail for tax
evasion, was canceled after some Italian Americans in Baltimore criticized it as
an ethnic slur.

Another widely circulated advertisement showed a picture of cocky but ill-fated
Indian fighter Gen. George Custer with the legend: "Custer was sure to beat the
Indians. Are you sure you can beat Maryland out of back taxes?"

According to Bond, the state sought to learn from the failures and successes of
amnesty programs elsewhere. The most successful -- among them Illinois,
Massachusetts, California -- advertised and stiffened penalties. But some
states, such as New York, allowed for installment payments, slowing the incoming
cash flow.

Massachusetts brought in more than $ 40 million in its pioneering effort. New
York and New York City combined brought in 10 times as much. The District's
three-month amnesty program, which ended Sept. 30, was said by city officials to
have brought in around $ 10 million.

At the New Carrollton state tax office yesterday, six persons were sitting in
the hallway when office manager Virginia Shaw opened for business at 8:30 a.m.
By 1:30 p.m., 99 persons had visited the office and 15 of them were waiting in
the small reception room to meet with state auditors.

Almost all of them declined to give their names, but several offered anonymous
explanations. One man, 39, said he owed $ 3,000 in taxes for the years he lived
in Maryland and worked in Virginia.

"It's always been in the back on my mind," he said. "I've never done a dishonest
thing in my life. I have a 22-month-old I have to tell to do the right thing all
his life, so it was a matter of conscience."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday

Average debt rose 17 percent between 2007 and 2012

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: SAN JOSE, Calif


The average debt held by consumers who are behind in their debt repayments rose
17 percent between 2007 and 2012, as per data released by FICO.

FICO is a leading predictive analytics and decision management software company.
The mean total debt for consumers who were 60+ days delinquent on at least one
account grew from $53,706 (adjusted for  inflation) in October 2007 to $62,642
in October 2012, fuelled largely by student loan debt and mortgage debt.

Andrew Jennings, chief analytics officer at FICO and head of FICO Labs, said,
"This is a tale of two Americas. Most Americans have deleveraged, bringing their
total debt down, but debt loads have risen for the one in five Americans who
have problems making payments. Ultimately it is up to the lenders and debt
collectors to tailor their approaches to different consumers in order to
increase their yield, and help customers get back on track."

The biggest rise occurred in student loan debt, which jumped 89 percent over the
five-year period for delinquent consumers. By contrast, the mean student loan
debt rose 58 percent for consumers who were not 60+ days delinquent on any
accounts. For delinquent consumers, the amount owed on student loans in October
2012 was also 66 percent higher than for non-delinquent consumers.

The mean mortgage loan debt was 14 percent higher in 2012 for delinquent
consumers, whereas it fell by 22 percent for non-delinquent consumers. An even
greater discrepancy occurs for all other credit (not including student loans,
credit cards, mortgages or auto loans): the average debt rose 61 percent among
delinquent consumers, whereas it fell by 28 percent among non-delinquent
consumers.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday

Missouri: SB 248

LENGTH: 730  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Office of the Missouri House of Representatives has issued the following bill:

This act modifies provisions relating to property taxes.

NOTICE OF NEIGHBORHOOD IMPROVEMENT DISTRICTS

Section 67.457

This act requires the county or city clerk of the governing body creating a
neighborhood improvement district (NID) to file a notice with the recorder of
deeds in the county where the land is located. Such notice shall contain the
following information: each owner of property in the NID listed as a grantor,
the governing body establishing the NID listed as a grantee, a legal description
of the NID, and the identifying number or a copy of the ordinance creating the
NID.

This provision is similar to HB 980 (2013). This provision is similar to a
provision contained in SCS/HCS/HB 161 (2013), HCS/HB 175 (2013), SCS/HB 568
(2013), CCS#2/SCS/HCS/HB 1035 (2013), and SCS/SB 83 (2013).

NEIGHBORHOOD IMPROVEMENT DISTRICTS SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS

Currently, the Boone County collector is authorized to collect a fee when
collecting special assessments for NIDs. This act allows the Jackson County
collector to also collect this fee. (Section 67.463)

This act also expands the existing law that allows liens against property to be
foreclosed for failure to pay NID special assessments, so that certain first
class counties, charter counties, and the city of St. Louis may also foreclose
on these liens by a land tax sale under the provisions of law that govern land
tax sales in those counties. (Section 67.469)

These provisions are similar to SB 138 (2013), HB 104 (2013), and HB 568 (2013).
These provisions are similar to provisions contained in HCS/HB 74 (2013), HCS/HB
161 (2013), HCS/HB 175 (2013), HB 197 (2013), SCS/HCS/HB 1035 (2013), SCS/SB 83
(2013), SS/SCS/HB 1170 (2012) and SS/SCS/HCS/HB 1865 (2012).

DELINQUENT PROPERTY TAXES

Despite contrary provisions of law, currently the county collector in Boone
County is authorized to add special assessments levied for community improvement
districts to the annual real estate tax bills for the properties being
benefitted by the district. Unpaid special assessments on the first day of
January are considered delinquent and enforcement of the delinquent bills is
governed by the laws concerning delinquent and back taxes. A lien may be
foreclosed in the same manner as a tax upon real property by land tax sales.
This act allows these provisions to apply to any county. (Section 67.1521)

This act allows county collectors to deliver an electronic copy of the back tax
book. (Section 140.050)

This act specifies that when property taxes are delinquent, if a person other
than the owner or a lienholder pays the original property taxes plus interest
without the knowledge and consent of the owner, that payment will not invoke a
lien on the property or person. (Section 140.115)

Currently, county collectors are authorized to use procedures for selling
property when the property taxes are delinquent and when special assessments for
Neighborhood Improvement Districts are delinquent. This act gives collectors the
option to use these procedures when other types of special assessments are
delinquent. (Section 140.150 & 140.160)

When real estate is sold for delinquent taxes or other debt, if the property
sells for a greater amount than the debt, the additional money is placed in a
trust fund for the owners of the property for three years. This act specifies
that if the funds are not called for as part of a redemption or collector's deed
issuance, then they become part of the permanent school fund of the county.
(Section 140.230)

The act eliminates specific language authorizing fees of twenty-five and fifty
cents that the county collector is authorized to collect when recording a
certificate of purchase of land sold at a tax sale. The collector will continue
to be authorized to receive the fee necessary to record the certificate of
purchase. The act also eliminates language authorizing a one dollar and fifty
cent fee for certain tax deeds. (Sections 140.290 & 140.470)

The act also removes a requirement that the county clerk witness the county
collector sign the deed given to someone who purchases property at a tax sale.
(Section 140.460)

These provisions are similar to HB 175 (2013) and SB 83 (2013). These provisions
are similar to provisions contained in HCS/HB 74 (2013).

For further information please visit: http://house.mo.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 26, 2009 Wednesday

Knox County adds nearly $1 million to budget

BYLINE: Carl Keith Greene, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 295 words


Aug. 26--Knox County's fiscal court added $935,000 of unexpected funds to next
year's budget at its meeting Tuesday.

It also acknowledged the collection of about $267,000 in tax collections,
delinquent and otherwise.

The report from County Attorney Charley Greene Dixon showed collections of
$11,636 in 2007 delinquent taxes.

$62,000 was collected from the sheriff's sale of delinquent taxes and $194,000
collected by selling delinquent taxes to a company called Tax Ease, of Houston,
Texas.

Delinquent taxes that have been sold can be redeemed by the property owner by
paying 12 percent in interest and processing fees.

If the taxes aren't redeemed in a stated time frame, the owner of the delinquent
taxes may foreclose on the property and sell it.

In other business, the court allowed Laurel County Water District No. 2 to lay
water lines along the roadsides where Laurel and Knox counties meet.

The lines will bring water to residents of Knox County near the county line.

The court also approved cost of living raises at the Knox Detention Center by
five percent and adding $1 per hour to the pay of new employees who were hired
more than a year ago and were promised that they would get the raise after they
had worked at the jail for a year.

And the court accepted a petition to revert the name of Gray Cox Cemetery Road
to simply Gray Cemetery Road.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimestribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune, Corbin,
Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090826-KB-Knox-County-adds-nearly-1-million-to-budget-0826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                                 Copyright 2009


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

NY Fed Examines Regional Debt in Collections, Delinquency Rates

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - CREDIT CARD Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 367  words


The Federal Reserve Bank of New York's latest regional look at debt in
third-party collections, consumers' delinquency rates and credit card and
student loan debt focused on three Eastern states.

The report revealed that the rate of overall consumer distress - meaning loan
payments 90 or more days late or debt in third-party collections in the last 12
months - is lower in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut compared to overall
U.S. figures.

Connecticut has the highest average balances on mortgages and student loans and
the lowest levels of delinquency, according to the Fed.

The average student loan balances for the three states range from $31,000 to
more than $32,000, compared to $29,000 nationwide. The average credit card
balances range from $5,800 to $6,200, compared to $6,200 nationwide.

An estimated 16% of consumers in New Jersey have some debt listed as seriously
delinquent or in third-party collections compared to 20% in the U.S. New York
and Connecticut (both at 14.8%) have even lower consumer distress rates.

The Fed's Regional Household Debt and Credit Snapshot, released Wednesday, is
the second in a series ofÂ regional reports on debt and credit. The report is
designed to include data about mortgages, student loans, credit cards, auto
loans and delinquencies for New York City and its boroughs, as well as various
metro areas in New York State, northern New Jersey and western Connecticut.Â

The April snapshot was comprised of 27 reports, and the reports in the most
recent snapshot are current as of June.

A breakdown of delinquency rates for the three states includes:

New Jersey

     ·    13.6% of borrowers are seriously delinquent on their student loans,
          compared to 16.3% nationwide.
     ·    8.3% of borrowers are seriously delinquent on their credit cards,
          compared to 8.5% nationwide.


Connecticut

     ·    13.1%Â of borrowers are seriously delinquent on their student loans,
          compared to 16.3%Â nationwide.
     ·    7.7%Â of borrowers are seriously delinquent on their credit cards,
          compared to 8.5%Â nationwide.


New York

     ·    12.6%Â of borrowers are seriously delinquent on their student loans,
          compared to 16.3%Â nationwide.
     ·    8.2%Â of borrowers are seriously delinquent on their credit cards,
          compared to 8.5%Â nationwide.


Â

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                  January 2011

Servicers to Watch for More Seriously Delinquent Borrowers

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: MANAGING REO; Pg. 11 Vol. 15 No. 1

LENGTH: 642  words


Research throughout the recession shows the financial vulnerability of
delinquent consumers has worsened and is bound to push these borrowers into even
more severe stages of delinquency.

The trend is shaped by economic and behavioral factors fueled by still-dropping
house prices and high unemployment.

According to TransUnion, the number of consumers "rolling" their delinquency
status on mortgage payments from 30 to 60 and 60 to 90 days past due peaked in
July 2009.

A recent TransUnion study found that 24.4% of consumers who were 30 days past
due on their mortgage payments in June 2009 became 60 days past due in July
2009. At the same time 37.6% of consumers 60 days delinquent on their mortgage
payments became 90 days late.

It specifically examined roll rates for nondelinquent accounts that went 30 days
past due, accounts moving from 30 to 60 days past due and those accounts going
from 60 to 90 days past due. After analyzing information from a pool of data
between March 2006 and December 2009, which is the period that encompassed the
entire recession that began in December 2007 and ended in June 2009, TransUnion
reaffirmed industry findings that the all-time high overall foreclosure
inventory will go further up, not down.

Lender Processing Services Inc., Jacksonville, Fla., reports that by the end of
October 2010 the total U.S. foreclosure inventory rate reached 3.92%, which
equals 7.4 times the historical averages and continues to rise despite an
improvement in the monthly rate.

Even though in October only 263,000 loans entered the foreclosure process,
declining 4.4% month-over-month, the total inventory of foreclosures is nearly
2.1 million loans, while another 2.2 million loans are seriously delinquent or
over 90 days past due, but not yet in foreclosure status.

When including a loan delinquency rate of 9.29% the total U.S. noncurrent loan
rate that combines foreclosures and delinquencies as a percent of active loans
increases to 13.2%.

More than anything "the widespread moratoria" further extended the average
number of days past delinquent for loans in foreclosure to a number approaching
500 days.

Foreclosure activity changes include increases in the number of loans six to 12
months delinquent. However, as more of these loans are moving to foreclosure the
number of loans that are extremely delinquent or over 12 months past due
"continues to grow and age" but still are not in foreclosure.

LPS reports that currently a payment has not been made in more than one year on
almost one-third of all loans that are 90 or more days delinquent. Another 18%
are seriously delinquent loans also still not in foreclosure on which payments
have not been made in two years.

TransUnion found an "interesting dynamic" in the early-stage roll rates in
California.

Current 30-day roll rates in that state remained well below the national average
in delinquency levels except from the roll rates from 30 days past due and
onward which "were significantly worse in California than for the nation."

For example, in December 2007, only 0.58% of current accounts rolled to 30 days
past due in California while for the nation at large it was 0.79%; yet the
state's 30- to 60-day roll rate that same month was 27.15%, compared to the
national average of 17.12%.

Serious mortgage delinquency in California is one of the highest in the nation
and at nearly twice the national average and in line with analysts'
expectations.

So while Californians appear to be less likely to enter delinquency with their
mortgages, "once they do they are more likely to fall into severe delinquency"
due to disproportionately higher monthly mortgage payments relative to incomes
given the fact that the recession has made it "far more difficult" for
California consumers to recover from delinquency, says FJ Guarrera, vice
president of TransUnion's financial services.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             October 6, 2006 Friday
                                Marshall Edition

Properties auctioned;
Delinquent taxpayers have a year to redeem properties.

BYLINE: By NANCY J. SULOK, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 491 words


SOUTH BEND -- St. Joseph County Treasurer Sean Coleman was both relieved and
satisfied Thursday night as the auction of tax-delinquent properties drew to an
end.

More than 1,800 properties were on the sales list, and some of them sold for
substantially more than the amount of taxes due.

Coleman said he likely would have a final tally of income some time today.

Although successful bidders were required to pay the money by later today, the
county cannot really spend it right away.

Delinquent taxpayers have a full year to recover the property. Bidders Thursday
actually were purchasing liens on the properties.

In order to redeem a property, the delinquent payer has to pay the amount of
taxes due, plus a 10 percent penalty. The penalty jumps to 15 percent after six
months.

On top of that, he has to pay interest to the purchaser calculated at 10 percent
per annum on the difference between the taxes and the successful bid.

For example, one property had taxes due of $3,147, and it sold for $14,000. If
the owner tried to redeem it today, he would have to pay a penalty of $314.

Then he would have to pay the purchaser a prorated interest of 10 percent on
$10,853, the difference between $14,000 and $3,147.

That makes the sale attractive for investors, since a 10 percent return is
better than most other investments in today's market.

Several out-of-town investment groups each bought dozens of properties at
Thursday's sale.

One was Roger Becks of Birmingham, Ala., who declined to identify the client he
was bidding for.

He said his employer, "an institutional investor,'' was interested in 150
properties, all of which had houses or commercial structures on them. He was the
successful bidder on about half of them, he said.

If the original owners do not redeem them after a year, the bidder becomes the
new owner. He then can sell it, often at a nice profit.

The sale attracted a large crowd Thursday morning.

Just as it was getting under way, Assistant Fire Chief Howard Buchanon paid a
visit in response to a complaint that too many people were packed into the
council chambers and spilling into the lobby on the fourth floor of the
County-City Building.

The room has a capacity of 155, but at least twice that number attended the
start of the sale.

Buchanon informed the organizers that too many people were on hand.

"We got busted,'' said auctioneer James Hughes, of Synergistic Resource
Integration, the company hired to run the tax sale.

A rearrangement of the crowd then took place. People interested in properties
far down the list were asked to step outside the chambers until the auctioneer
got close to their intended purchase. Those in the lobby were admonished to keep
the doorways clear.

"I appreciate you folks cooperating with this,'' Hughes said.

The auctioneers worked their way through the list, wrapping up at 6:45 p.m.
After a short break, they reopened the bidding for some of the properties that
had not sold on the first go-around.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brian Gathen, of South Bend, scans a list of properties being offered
for sale Thursday at St. Joseph County's property tax sale, conducted in the
County-City Building. Successful bidders received a lien on the property, and
the delinquent taxpayer has a year to redeem it by paying the sale price plus
penalties. Tribune Photo/SHAYNA BRESLIN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 26, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: Delinquent mortgages in area drop slightly

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 111 words


March 26--The percentage of mortgage loans in the Toledo area that were at least
90 days delinquent dropped slightly in January, according to California-based
CoreLogic.

The percentage dropped from 5.96 percent in December to 5.9 percent in January.
A year earlier, the rate was 6.69 percent.

January was the fourth consecutive month the rate was below 6 percent. Before
October, it hadn't been below 6 percent since April, 2009.

Statewide, almost 6.5 percent of mortgage loans were 90 days delinquent;
nationally, the rate was 6.34 percent.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130326-TO-BRF-Delinquent-mortgages-in-area-drop-slightly-20130326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 2, 1997, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Private firm may buy Fulton tax liens;
'60-day letters' have been mailed to delinquent taxpayers warning them they have
until Oct. 19 to pay property taxes or their debt will be purchased.

BYLINE: Carlos Campos; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 01D

LENGTH: 562 words


In late October, Fulton County, the city of Atlanta and their school boards
could be as much as $ 50 million richer, and they will barely have to lift a
finger for the money.

Capital Asset Research Corp., a West Palm Beach, Fla.-based company with a
Buckhead office, has sent thousands of letters warning delinquent taxpayers in
Fulton County to pay their property taxes within 60 days.

If they don't, the company intends to buy their debt from the county, with the
prospect of eventually foreclosing.

Citing competitive reasons, John "Buddy" Ramsey, Capital Asset's vice president
in Atlanta, declined to say how many letters his company sent out, or what the
value to Fulton County will be. The company is not required to divulge that
information to the county, either.

Ramsey would only offer this: "Hopefully, we can purchase up to $ 50 million
worth of delinquent taxes by the end of the year."

The so-called "60-day letters" are the first step in a complicated process
required under Georgia law to purchase someone else's delinquent property tax
lien. In this case, the clock for the delinquent taxpayers runs out Oct. 19,
according to officials in the Fulton County tax commissioner's office.

If a delinquent property tax owner does not pay county taxes owed within that
60-day period, Capital Asset can buy the debt. At that point, the company pays
Fulton County the amount owed. Proceeds are split among Fulton County, the city
of Atlanta, and their school boards. The city of East Point and the state of
Georgia will also get a small share

The collection of the taxes then becomes the responsibility of Capital Asset
---which then adds a slew of administrative fees and interest costs to the debt.
If the taxes still are not paid after 365 days, Capital Asset can then move to
foreclose on the property and have it auctioned on the courthouse steps.

Fulton County is owed $ 130.9 million in delinquent real and personal property
taxes. The debt had reached $ 208 million when Fulton County Tax Commissioner
Arthur Ferdinand took office in January, but he has used aggressive measures
since then to collect more than $ 77 million.

Tom Biggers, Ferdinand's chief of delinquent tax collections, said the pursuit
of taxes by a third party has the effect of increasing collections for his
office during the 60-day period from taxpayers hoping to avoid having to deal
with a private company less sympathetic to delinquents.

"Historically, it generates payments in the neighborhood of 25 percent to 30
percent of the total amount mailed through 60-day letters," Biggers said. "It
does generate payments."

That means of the estimated $ 50 million, Fulton County could collect as much as
$ 15 million before Oct. 19.

Capital Asset's latest move follows a failed attempt in June to purchase more
than $ 82 million in delinquent tax liens.

The company had wanted to purchase the county's delinquent liens in bulk through
a contract, but the sale failed to clear the County Commission.

The bulk sale allows companies to receive up to a 10 percent discount on the tax
lien's costs.

Capital Asset officials later vowed to simply "cherry pick" the delinquent
parcels they wanted through the 60-day letter method, picking the best
properties. That does not require a vote of the Fulton County Commission, but
does not allow for a discount.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 24, 2010 Saturday

Dunmore Council pursuing delinquent trash fees

BYLINE: Megan Reiter, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


July 24--Dunmore will be cracking down on delinquent trash bills, while
hopefully streamlining the process for the borough and for residents.

Borough council recently voted to end collection of delinquent refuse fee bills
by Northeast Credit and Collection and will pursue back payments in-house. The
borough was not under contract with Northeast Credit, borough solicitor Thomas
Cummings said.

As of June 30, delinquent refuse fees from 2009 were nearly $87,500. That amount
will surely be welcome in Dunmore's coffers, considering the borough has ongoing
financial problems and officials are constantly looking for ways to cut
expenses.

Council Vice President Paul Nardozzi said Northeast would deduct between 20 and
25 percent of each bill as a fee before forwarding the payment to the borough.

"It was actually a lose-lose situation," Mr. Nardozzi said. "The resident would
have to pay more, and we would get less."

The borough's refuse ordinance was amended in 2002 to require a $150 annual
trash collection fee per residential unit. The fee can be made in two payments,
and the borough is allowed to assess $10 penalties for late payments.

However, the council could send the delinquent bills to the magistrate, which
will then tack at least an additional $200 onto a delinquent bill, Mr. Cummings
said.

Before any bills are submitted to the magistrate, however, residents should
check their mailboxes. Mr. Cummings said the borough plans on sending letters
out to residents with late refuse bills to remind them to remit payment.

"We're going to make every attempt to collect it ourselves before it goes to the
magistrate," Mr. Nardozzi said, adding council will work with residents who are
feeling the financial strain.

Contact the writer: mreiter@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100724-YT-Dunmore-Council-pursuing-delinquent-trash-fees-20100724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 8, 2006 Friday

Delinquent taxpayers miss opportunity

BYLINE: Ken De La Bastide, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 445 words


Sep. 8--Only one person that owed delinquent personal property taxes took
advantage of the notice to avoid paying an additional 30 percent penalty.

Back in July the Howard County commissioners approved a request from Treasurer
Martha Lake to hire the local law firm of McCann & Peelle to begin collection
procedures.

Lake said at the time that residents had until Sept. 1 to make the payments.
After that date, an additional 30 percent would be tacked onto the delinquent
bill to cover the attorney costs.

Delinquent taxes for 2003, 2004 and 2005, amounting to $539,461, have gone
unpaid. The total amount now due is $701,299.

As of Friday the 30 percent penalty was added to the delinquent personal
property taxes, Lake said.

"The end result is we will take those people to court," Lake said. "We have
gotten only one payment on the delinquent personal property taxes.

"I wish we would have gotten a better response," she said.

People normally fall into one of four categories when it comes to paying taxes,
Lake said.

"There are those who pay early, those paying on time, a group that pays up to a
week late and those who avoid paying as long as possible," she said.

In addition to the 30 percent penalty, delinquent taxpayers also must pay a 10
percent late penalty and interest on the amount owed.

The law firm sent out the first delinquent letters last Friday.

Attorney Jeremy Peelle said in July that after the letter is sent the next step
is going to court. He said at the time that people who ignore the first letter,
will probably ignore further letters.

Once the case is taken to court, there is an additional attorney fee added to
the bill.

The county is collecting on delinquent property taxes and there is a tax sale
scheduled for Oct. 24.

The number of delinquent property taxes is on the increase, according to Lake.
The number was 521 in 2004, dropped to 486 in 2005 and is currently 578.

"There has been an increase in the number of people unable to pay," Lake said.
"They have to be 1.5 years behind in their property taxes before the property
can be sold through tax sale."

At the tax sale, people can bid on the property, the minimum bid has to be the
amount owed.

Lake said a property can be reclaimed, but the owner has to pay a percentage of
the tax sale price to the prospective buyer. It is 10 percent for the first six
months and then increases to 15 percent.

Copyright (c) 2006, Kokomo Tribune, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060908-KO-0908-Delinquent-taxpayers-miss-opportunity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2006 Kokomo Tribune


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            July 31, 2014, Thursday

W.Va. ranks high for delinquent debts

BYLINE: JARED HUNT, DAILY MAIL BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 597 words


West Virginia has some of the most delinquent borrowers in the nation, according
to a new national survey about consumers' past-due debt.

The Urban Institute released a study Tuesday that found more than one in three
Americans - 35.1 percent - have a delinquent debt that's been turned over to a
credit agency. Among those with collections, the average amount is $5,178,
roughly 7 percent of the nation's average household income of $72,254.

The numbers are worse in West Virginia. The state ranks ninth among states with
the most delinquent borrowers.

The Urban Institute study found that 41.5 percent of West Virginia consumers had
a debt in collection, with an average amount in collection of $4,697. While that
amount is less than the national average, because the state's average household
income ($54,676) is less than the national average, the percentage of debt
compared to annual income is greater, at 8.6 percent.

Alabama, Kentucky, Georgia, Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, South Carolina and
Washington, D.C., were among the places with higher rates of debt in collection.
Nevada topped the list among states, with 46.9 percent of consumers having a
debt in collection.

Meanwhile, a separate Urban Institute report released Tuesday found West
Virginians on average had the second lowest amount of total household debt,
including mortgage and non-mortgage debt, at $33,970. That was well below the
national average of $53,850.

The delinquent debt report, which was based on 2013 data from credit bureau
TransUnion, found most of the West Virginia debt in collections was concentrated
in the southern end of the state.

Jill Epstein, the president of the Associated Collection Agencies of West
Virginia industry group, said that was driven in part by lackluster performance
of the state's coal economy.

"Obviously in southern part of state, where the coal mines are closing and
laying off lots of people, that has an impact, Epstein said. "In the northern
part of state, where you have the Marcellus shale boom and money is flowing, and
economy's a little better.

Poor health and hospital stays are also a factor.

"As people get hit with high out-of-pocket deductibles and co-pays, that's an
issue, Epstein said.

According to data from Associated Collection Agencies International, health care
debt made up about 38 percent of collections in 2013. Student loan debt followed
at 25 percent, financial services debt (which includes credit card debt) made up
about 13 percent, while debt owed to government agencies accounted for 10
percent.

Mark Schiffman, spokesman for ACA International, said more than 1 billion new
accounts totaling $756.5 billion were placed into collections during 2013. Of
those, agencies only recovered about 7 percent, or $55.2 billion.

Schiffman and Epstein said most debts go uncollected because people usually
don't respond to debt collection letters or don't pick up the phone when the
caller ID indicates a collector is calling.

"People just think if they ignore it they don't have to pay, Epstein said.

Schiffman said, despite perceptions, the vast majority of debt collection firms
are willing to work with consumers to being a payment plan or negotiate the debt
down to a more affordable level.

The organization has set up a website, www.askdoctordebt.org, to help consumers
facing a collection. But Schiffman said the first thing to do is pick up the
phone and talk to the collection agency.

"We're keenly aware nobody wants to talk to a debt collector about owing money,
but by picking up the phone, opening a letter, it's the best thing you can do,
he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 23, 1989, Wednesday, Final Edition

Virginia List Aims to Shame Fathers Into Paying Child Support

BYLINE: Sandra Evans, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 964 words


After chasing, threatening and suing to no avail, Virginia child support
enforcement officials are trying a new weapon to collect payments from what they
say are 10 particularly recalcitrant fathers: public exposure and humiliation.

In announcing the state's first 10 Most Wanted list of delinquents, officials
released the names of a chemical analyst with his own business in Chantilly, a
pediatrician who practices in Louisiana, a silver-haired Maryland man who
transports boats, and an unemployed construction worker who apparently lives
with his father in Danville.

They each owe, according to state records, $ 11,000 to $ 107,000 in unpaid child
support to their former wives. The men who were chosen for the list were not
necessarily the top delinquents in terms of dollars unpaid, but had been
"particularly elusive over the years," said Harry W. Wiggins, director of
Virginia's division of child support enforcement.

"We think this is an effective way to get their friends and relatives to turn
them in," Wiggins said after the list was released in Richmond.

The agency, which is responsible for collecting delinquent child support
payments, said outstanding deliquencies total more than $ 250 million.

Virginia was among the worst states in the country only a few years ago in its
record of collecting child support payments from delinquent parents, and remains
hampered in its efforts by a flawed computer system. But new enforcement
authorities and resources have helped the state increase its child support
collections from $ 20 million in fiscal 1986 to $ 103 million in fiscal 1989,
according to Wiggins.

Robert K. Simon, No. 2 on the most wanted list and the only one from the
Northern Virginia district office's files, operates his own chemical laboratory
in Chantilly, Washington Analytical Laboratories, according to child support
officials.

Officials, who said Simon owes $ 39,250 in payments for his three children in
North Carolina, said that they have been unable to make him pay up or even to
serve necessary court documents on him. "You can't enforce if you can't serve
the person" with legal papers, said Susan Hayes, district manager for the
Northern Virginia office.

The idea of putting Simon, 50, on the 10 Most Wanted list is to "put some
pressure on him" to pay up on his own, Wiggins said.

Simon did not return calls to his Chantilly office.

Delinquent parents can use a variety of evasion tactics that can be successful
even when child support authorities know where the person is and where the
parent's assets are, officials said. These may be as simple as going out the
back door when a sheriff comes to the front to serve court papers, or they may
be as elaborate as shifting assets from company to company or moving across
state lines.

One of the main legal tools child support officials have is withholding payments
from the delinquent parent's paycheck. But people who are self-employed can
ignore orders to withhold money from paychecks or can get paid in cash to keep
the state from claiming a slice, officials said.

The idea behind putting this type of person on the most wanted list is to appeal
to pride and to enlist the help of others in pinpointing when and how delinquent
parents can be caught rather than helping them hide.

Ruth E. "Betty" Murphy, executive director of the National Child Support
Advocacy Coalition, supported the use of the most wanted list as a way of
alerting the public that it should not shield delinquent parents out of
misguided loyalty. Three other states -- Texas, Illinois and Missouri -- have
used similar devices with some success, she said.

"Some of these men lead charmed lives," Murphy said. Embarrassing delinquent
parents and those covering for them "may be the only effective way" of dealing
with some cases, she said.

Murphy noted that parents can be put in jail for failure to pay child support
and can be extradited from other states, but said this is viewed as a tactic of
last resort, and prosecutors and judges often are reluctant to use it.

Virginia lists its No. 1 delinquent parent as Vern Meyer, 42, who has his own
pediatrics practice in Destrehan, La., and is said to owe $ 107,105 in back
payments. Meyer said in a telephone interview yesterday that the child support
payments were initially set much higher than he could afford to pay for his
three children: $ 21,000 a year when his then-new practice was netting $ 23,000
a year. While not disputing the state's figures, he called the amount the court
ordered him to pay "unrealistic."

Meyer said Virginia officials know exactly where he is. "I'm not hiding from
anybody," he said. "I feel like I'm being put on trial through the newspapers."

A man identifying himself as the father of one of the others on the most wanted
list, 33-year-old Frankie L. Adams, said Adams is living with him in Danville.

"He paid while he could," but then got laid off his job, the man said.

The others on the state's list could not be reached for comment. They are:

Michael Andrew Charles Auth, also known as Michael Abel, 50, last known to live
in Worton, Md., and believed to transport boats for a living, is said to owe $
36,498.

Carl Columbus Pearson, 51, a painter from Portsmouth, is said to owe $ 23,578.

Wesley Oliver Griffin, 52, previously of Hampton, Norfolk and possibly Emporia,
listed as owing $ 15,116.

William Randolph Johnson, 33, a laborer from Culpeper, listed as owing $ 13,302.

William Moore Harris III, 35, a consultant, pilot and flight instructor last
known to live in Christiansburg, is said to owe $ 13,240.

Eugene T. James, 50, thought to be a truck driver in Melbourne, Fla., listed as
owing $ 12,289.

Eddie Chastine Smith, 38, a laborer from Woodford, Va., is said to owe $ 11,966.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

City of Erie website includes list of delinquent garbage accounts

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


Feb. 20--The city of Erie is now using the Internet as part of its plan to
better collect more than $1.6 million in delinquent refuse fees.

An 88-page list of all delinquent garbage accounts greater than $100, as of
Wednesday, is now posted on the city's website, www.erie.pa.us.

The list includes names of people delinquent on their garbage bills, the billing
address, and the amounts owed. Mayor Joe Sinnott said this morning that the list
will be updated every three months.

Sinnott said in December that the city was considering adding the information to
its website, so that the public could view it. He believes posting the
information might prompt some people to pay their bills quickly so that their
names either do not appear on the city's website, or can be removed.

Delinquent garbage bills -- in the wake of a recent garbage fee increase -- have
become a huge political issue at City Hall. Many city residents have expressed
outrage that their garbage fees were increased at a time when hundreds of
customers refuse to pay their bills.

Sinnott and City Council members have said they will work together to find
solutions.

Paul Vojtek, chief executive of Erie Water Works, has told Erie City Council
that the city's total delinquencies, including accounts that have municipal
liens filed against them, is $2.3 million, and that some customers have not paid
their bills in more than a decade.

Erie Water Works handles billing and collection for garbage customers on the
city's behalf.

Vojtek said that the Erie Water Works received $55,500 in payments from
delinquent customers in the wake of a Jan. 19 Erie Times-News story on the
city's problems with delinquent garbage accounts. A list of accounts that were
delinquent at that time was posted at GoErie.com/garbagebills.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140220-EI-City-of-Erie-website-includes-list-of-delinquent
-garbage-accounts-0220-20140220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 21, 2014 Friday

City of Erie website includes list of delinquent garbage accounts

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 365 words


Feb. 21--The city of Erie is now using the Internet as part of its plan to
better collect more than $1.6 million in delinquent refuse fees.

An 88-page list of all delinquent garbage accounts greater than $100, as of
Wednesday, is now posted on the city's website, www.erie.pa.us.

The list includes names of people delinquent on their garbage bills, the billing
address, and the amounts owed.

Mayor Joe Sinnott said Thursday that the list will be updated every three
months.

Sinnott said in December that the city was considering adding the information to
its website, so that the public could view it. He believes posting the
information might prompt some people to pay their bills quickly so that their
names either do not appear on the city's website, or can be removed.

Delinquent garbage bills -- in the wake of a recent garbage fee increase -- have
become a huge political issue at City Hall.

Many city residents have expressed outrage that their garbage fees were
increased at a time when hundreds of customers refuse to pay their bills.

Sinnott and City Council members have said they will work together to find
solutions.

Paul Vojtek, chief executive of Erie Water Works, has told Erie City Council
that the city's total delinquencies, including accounts that have municipal
liens filed against them, is $2.3 million, and that some customers have not paid
their bills in more than a decade.

Erie Water Works handles billing and collection for garbage customers on the
city's behalf.

Vojtek said that Erie Water Works received $55,500 in payments from delinquent
customers in the wake of a Jan. 19 Erie Times-News story on the city's problems
with delinquent garbage accounts.

A list of accounts that were delinquent at that time was posted at
GoErie.com/garbagebills.

City Council approved the city's 2014 budget in December that increased garbage
fees from an average of $48 every three months, or $192 per year, to $55 every
quarter, or $220 per year.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140221-EI-City-of-Erie-website-includes-list-of-delinquent
-garbage-accounts-0221-20140221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Delinquent mortgages up for first time in 2016

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Aug. 25--The delinquency rate on mortgage payments in metro Toledo jumped in
June from the previous month, the first time this year the rate increased, a new
report shows.

After four months of steady decreases, the percentage of mortgages in the Toledo
area that were delinquent by 90 days or more reached 3.23 percent, according to
CoreLogic Inc., a California data firm that tracks home loans.

In May, the 90-day delinquency rate had dropped to 3.04 percent. The change in
June from May was unusually large for the monthly figures reported by CoreLogic.

Shane Marzullo, a mortgage lender with Greentree Mortgage Services Inc. in
Holland, said no specific event could have triggered the sharp rise in
delinquencies.

"The only reason I could think of that could make it go up that way is there was
a big giant backlog of delinquencies in the courts, and finally we were able to
get through them all and release them," he said. "Maybe the banks were holding
off on stuff and decided to move on them."

But Nita Haas, senior sales consultant for CU Member Mortgage and past president
of the Mortgage Bankers Association of Northwest Ohio, said the seller's market
may be the event triggering the rise in delinquencies. "I haven't heard of any
large employer layoffs or something that would have triggered that. But at the
same time, something to take into consideration is ... the overall sales
activity," she said.

The Toledo real estate market is becoming heated, and banks recognize now is a
good time to sell distressed properties that have either been foreclosed upon or
in the foreclosure process. Mortgages that may have been modified and allowed to
be delinquent without consequences because the real estate market was slow now
could be declared delinquent as the area turns into a seller's market, Ms. Haas
said.

"If I had some delinquent accounts and I've modified them as much as I could, I
might take advantage of the current market conditions when it is the best time
to do that," she said.

Historically, Ms. Haas noted, the summer brings an uptick in payment
delinquencies.

In 2015, the 90-day delinquency rate began rising in July, and continued to rise
in August and September, Core-Logic figures show.

"I have had lenders tell me that some people take their mortgage money and go on
vacation in the summer. They swap out household money for other needs," Ms. Haas
said.

Contact Jon Chavez at: jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160825-TO-Delinquent-mortgages-up-for-first-time-in-2016-0825-20160825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 20, 2015

Freddie Mac Selling $1 Billion of Soured Debt in Largest Deal

SECTION: DISTRESSED Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 457  words


Freddie Mac is selling more than $1 billion of soured U.S. home loans in its
largest sale of the debt.

Potential buyers are bidding on three pools of nonperforming loans, with unpaid
principal balances of about $660 million, $249 million and $125 million,
according to debt broker Mission Capital Advisors. Homes tied to loans in the
smallest group are all located in New York, while properties linked to the other
two pools are geographically dispersed. Offers are due March 24.

"All the traditional NPL players will certainly be interested in bidding on
these pools," said Gary McCarthy, a partner in HMC Assets LLC, a Redondo Beach,
California-based firm that invests in delinquent loans. "This is something that
we're going to see on an ongoing basis for a period of time."

The offering is the government-backed mortgage company's third large sale of
delinquent home loans. Freddie Mac has been accelerating auctions of soured
mortgages, bought from bonds guaranteed by the McLean, Virginia-based company
that went bad after the housing crash. Demand has been increasing as Wall Street
firms compete to buy the loans at a discount after a real estate market rebound.

Rising home values have prompted bidders for the loans to raise their offers,
pushing up the prices of the debt and driving lenders such as Bank of America
Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. to accelerate their sales of
delinquent loans this year.

"The loans involved in this transaction are deeply delinquent, including a large
share that are more than two years delinquent," Thomas Fitzgerald, a Freddie Mac
spokesman, said in an e-mail. He wouldn't comment on the size of the pools being
sold.

Banks and the Department of Housing and Urban Development have been the biggest
sellers of the debt. Freddie Mac held its first loan sale in July of last year,
for $659 million of nonperforming loans.

The Federal Housing Finance Agency, which regulates Freddie Mac and
Washington-based Fannie Mae, is requiring the companies to reduce the number of
severely delinquent loans on their books this year. This month, the agency
released a set of new rules for the sale of troubled mortgages.

FHFA will require prospective investors to prove they've retained a loan
servicer with a track record of handling delinquent debt, the agency said in a
March 2 statement. Servicers also will have to offer aid to avoid foreclosures
as a condition of sale.

Investment firms including Lone Star Funds, Bayview Asset Management LLC and
Selene Finance LP have been some of the biggest buyers of delinquent home loans.

The New York pool may attract different buyers than the others, McCarthy said.

"To buy the New York pool, you better have boots on the ground to properly
manage it," he said.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 27, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bridgeport Taking Aim At Tax Delinquents

BYLINE: By JEFF HOLTZ

SECTION: Section 14CN; Column 4; Connecticut Weekly Desk; WORTH NOTING; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 297 words


Impressed with the success New Haven has had with the BootFinder, a device
similar to a radar gun that identifies motor vehicles with delinquent taxes on
them by scanning license plates, Bridgeport has decided to become the second
municipality in the state to use it.

Caryn S. Kaufman, a spokeswoman for Mayor John M. Fabrizi of Bridgeport, said
the common council voted 15 to 3 with 1 abstention Monday night to authorize the
use of the BootFinder.

Ms. Kaufman said letters notifying scofflaws that they had 10 days to pay their
motor vehicle taxes had been sent Tuesday. She said warrants would be issued at
the end of the month for accounts that had still not been paid.

Robert G. Tetreault, Bridgeport's tax collector, said that the city purchased
three BootFinders and that state marshals would begin using them and the city
would begin towing vehicles that have delinquent taxes on them by late April.

Mr. Tetreault said Bridgeport had $20 million in delinquent motor vehicle taxes,
but expected that the most the city could realistically collect would be
slightly more than half of that.

''Our collection rate has traditionally been under 70 percent,'' Mr. Tetreault
said. ''Historically, people have not paid their motor vehicle taxes here until
they have to get a vehicle registered and they have to pay them.''

In the three weeks since the city announced it was considering the BootFinder,
Mr. Tetreault said his office took in about $638,000 in delinquent motor vehicle
taxes, much more than it usually does over that length of time. He said there
have been long lines every day.

Ms. Kaufman said that the city was considering using the BootFinder to identify
other types of offenders through license plates, such as those with outstanding
parking tickets.   JEFF HOLTZ


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 27, 2009 Friday

Francis Chester delinquent on Augusta taxes

BYLINE: Bob Stuart, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


Feb. 27--VERONA -- The Churchville lawyer leading the petition drive against
Augusta County's reassessessment owes more than $2,800 in real estate and
personal property taxes.

Francis Chester is delinquent on $2,562 in real estate taxes on parcels in
Churchville and West Augusta, and owes $328 in delinquent personal property
taxes, according to records in the Augusta County Treasurer's office.

"I'm not a hypocrite,'' Chester declared Thursday. He said he can account for
why taxes were not paid in December.

An employee, he said, told him that "we don't have enough to pay payroll and
real estates taxes. And if it's taxes or employees, I will pay the employees."

Chester employs 10 people in three separate businesses he owns. These business
include a sheep operation, wool mill and his law firm.

Augusta County Treasurer Richard Homes said there is an "issue with anyone being
delinquent."

All county supervisors, assessors board members and department heads are current
in the property tax payments, according to county records.

Augusta County Administrator Patrick Coffield said he is notified if any of the
county's employees are delinquent on taxes.

"This is why I'm fighting taxes for the people,'' Chester said. "It's about time
we do something about it. We're being taxed to death."

Chester said he is paid when he finishes work or ships a product. "My money does
not come in steady,'' he said.

The attorney has mounted a petition drive to roll back the county's
reassessment, and will present the petitions when Augusta County supervisors
meet March 11. Chester has said he will sue the county on behalf of taxpayers if
supervisors do not act on the petitions.

Page 1 of 1

To see more of The News Virginian or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsvirginian.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The News Virginian,
Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090227-NX-Francis-Chester-delinquent-on-Augusta-taxes-0227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2009 The News Virginian


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             March 31, 1974, Sunday

BYLINE: BY RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Page 65, Column 6

LENGTH: 185 words

NJ Public Interest Research Group is pressing for change in state law that
allows banks and corps to reap financial windfalls by investing money that they
owe in delinquent property taxes.  At issue is fact that tax delinquents find
they can make profit by investing elsewhere money they owe communities.  Under
NJ law, maximum penalty on delinquent taxes is 12% while current interest rates
on loans earns better than this.  State Sen Joseph A Maressa recently introduced
bill that will raise to 18% interest rate on delinquent munic property taxes
exceeding $1,000.  Earlier, Assemblymen James J Florio, Ernest F Shuck and James
W Bornheimer sponsored legis that will increase interest rate on delinquent
levies exceeding $1,000.  Public Interest tax-reform dir Jim Hely says he
supports both bills but declares that 12% rate should apply to delinquent taxes
totaling $2,000 so that small property owners could have greater leeway.  Says
interest rate on taxes in excess of $2,000 should be raised to as much as
20%.Public Interest orgn notes Natl State Bank in Trenton owes city $44,223.50
in taxes (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 90-74

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday

Roustan United facing claims, delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Sandra K. Reabuck, Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


Mar. 31--EBENSBURG -- Roustan United, the Richland Township-based company that
hoped to be part of a deal to manage the Cambria County War Memorial Arena, is
facing financial woes, with civil financial claims totaling more than $120,000
in Cambria County Court and an even higher amount due in delinquent property
taxes.

The company is in arrears on payments it's making on 2006 real estate taxes.

In addition, more than $140,000 is owed on delinquent property taxes for 2007
and 2008, the county tax claim office said.

And, Roustan settled another lawsuit last June for $12,612 by agreeing to make
staggered payments to Lakeland Plastics Inc., of Pittsburgh, for plastic spacer
strips and other products, according to records in the county prothonotary's
office.

Roustan has been managing the arena's primary tenant, the Johnstown Chiefs
hockey team.

Last year, it partnered with Global Spectrum of Philadelphia, one of the
nation's leading managers of public assembly venues, in submitting a proposal to
the county commissioners for the management of the War Memorial Arena.

On Monday, the county commissioners said that any deal with Roustan and Global
was dead.

The commissioners did not discuss Roustan's financial problems, but said there
were several confidential business considerations they considered.

Likewise, Roustan President Scott Branovan would not discuss the lawsuits and
delinquent taxes.

On March 26, Advantage Staffing Inc. of Altoona obtained a $49,944 default
judgment against Roustan United and Burley's Rink Supply of Salix for temporary
staffing services.

Maintenance services and a laborer were supplied, according to the civil lawsuit
filed by Advantage in April.

A lien for $3,734 was filed by the state's Unemployment Compensation Fund
against Roustan United on Sept. 19. That amount remained outstanding from
$10,218 owed, the state said.

This month, two new lawsuits were filed against Roustan.

Adex Sales of Westbank, B.C., Canada, is suing for $45,580 for glass panels to
Roustan at facilities in Meadville, and Northbrook, Ill. EDC Industries of Elk
Grove, Ill., is suing for $21,010 for merchandise allegedly supplied to Roustan.

The tax claim bureau said that the delinquent taxes are due on Roustan's Planet
Ice property at 195 Jari Drive.

The company went on a payment plan last summer, agreeing to pay $6,399 a month.
Six payments were made, with six remaining.

No payments were made in January, February or March, Joanne Ranck, assistant
director, said.

The original amount delinquent for 2006, with interest and penalties, was
$76,792 in property taxes owed to the county, Richland School District and
Richland Township, she said.

Ranck said that Roustan also owes $71,518 in delinquent tax for 2007 and $69,261
for 2008.

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090331-JO-Roustan-United-facing-claims-delinquent-taxes-0331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2009 The Tribune-Democrat


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                            October 15, 2012 Monday

Class-Action Certified Against Texas Collection Agency

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 263  words


Thousands of residents of Memphis, Tenn., who paid 20 percent fees to collection
agency Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson, could be affected by a federal judge's
ruling last week to certify a class-action suit against the firm.The case
surrounds the interpretation of two Tennessee statutes that provide for
additional charges against delinquent taxpayers when they have to be sued for
collection. At issue is whether Linebarger can charge a 10 percent or 20 percent
fee for collecting delinquent property taxes on homes and businesses.A Tennessee
law says attorneys pursuing back taxes cannot receive compensation greater than
10 percent of all delinquent fees collected.

Another statute says a 10 percent penalty can be imposed on those whose taxes
are delinquent, and that the penalty will go to the attorney suing to collect
the back taxes. Linebarger has interpreted that wording to allow for a total fee
of 20 percent; the plaintiffs argue the two statutes limit the total fees to 10
percent. In a 2010 opinion, the Shelby County (Tenn.) Attorney's office said the
fee is limited to a 10 percent penalty, including the delinquent tax attorney
fee.Linebarger won a contract from the city in 2004 to collect delinquent city
taxes. As part of the deal, the city does not pay any direct fees to Linebarger,
which instead charges delinquent taxpayers fees along with the taxes owed. The
debts must be 17 months past due before the city turns them over to the firm.
Linebarger's contract with the city expires in December. A decision on whether
to retain the firm has not been made.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

DELINQUENT PROPERTY TAX BILLS DECLINE

BYLINE: BILL VARIAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 629 words



HIGHLIGHT: Tax collectors in Hillsborough and Pinellas are surprised by the
drop.


For the first time in several years, the number of property tax scofflaws has
dropped - dramatically in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties.

Both counties report sharp declines in the number of properties whose owners
failed to pay their 2009 property tax bills by April 1, the point at which
government considers an owner delinquent.

Tax collectors aren't sure why.

The amount owed on those delinquent bills is down by an even greater margin.
That is at least partly a reflection of tax bills plummeting with property
values.

"It came as a total surprise," said Sam McClelland, deputy tax collector for
Pinellas County. "Because we have had no indicators in the economy that things
are better. We do know that we've lost a lot of value."

Consider:

- In Hillsborough, 39,579 parcels are listed as delinquent on their taxes, 6,492
fewer than April 1 of last year. The amount owed in taxes is $115.6 million,
down from $159.6 million last year.

- In Pinellas, the number of delinquent property tax payers is down 17 percent,
from 40,134 last year. The amount they owe is down 26 percent, from $139.2
million last year.

Both numbers began spiking in 2005 as nonhomesteaded property owners saw their
tax bills skyrocket with rising property values before the bubble burst. The
rising number of delinquencies foretold the housing market meltdown that would
start to unfold two years later.

The reversal is not evident in all bay area counties. Pasco saw delinquencies
and the amount owed on back taxes stay almost flat during the past year, said
Tax Collector Mike Olson.

Delinquencies are actually up slightly in Hernando County, although the amount
owed is down "due to the decrease in property values," said Tax Collector
Juanita Sikes.

Officials in Hillsborough offered a few theories for what is happening there and
in Pinellas.

One is that because tax bills are lower mainly due to declining values, property
owners are having an easier time paying.

"That's likely to be in some instances a factor," said Hillsborough County
Property Appraiser Rob Turner.

That may be getting offset in Hernando County, which has experienced
comparatively greater job losses.

On the downside, it also is likely a reflection on the high number of home
foreclosures in the Tampa Bay region, which may be the more plausible
explanation. With banks taking over record numbers of homes, it puts them on the
hook for the tax bill.

They've got to pay the tax bill before they can unload a house, said Turner and
Hillsborough County Tax Collector Doug Belden. If they don't pay by the end of
this month, the tax collector can sell the debt off to private collectors who
will seek to recoup the money, with interest.

A list of delinquent Hillsborough properties published Monday appears to bear
that out, as few are listed as owned by banks.

"I believe there's a correlation between (the banks) owning the title and paying
off the taxes," Belden said. "If you're in the foreclosure process, the taxes
need to be paid before you can have a sale, in order to get clear of the title."

Bill Varian can be reached at (813) 226-3387 or varian@sptimes.com

* * *

FAST FACTS

Big drop in delinquent parcels

HILLSBOROUGH
Tax year                      Delinquent parcels                 Amount owed
2005                                      26,609               $69.6 million
2006                                      32,964              $105.1 million
2007                                      42,824              $146.1 million
2008                                      46,071              $159.6 million
2009                                      39,579              $115.6 million

Tax year                      Delinquent parcels                 Amount owed
2005                                      21,203               $58.1 million
2006                                      27,306               $89.6 million
2007                                      33,979              $108.9 million
2008                                      40,134              $139.2 million
2009                                      33,223                $103 million

Tax year                       Delinquent parcels                Amount owed
2005                                        5,410                 $6 million
2006                                        6,828              $10.6 million
2007                                        8,675              $14.8 million
2008                                        9,768              $16.2 million
2009                                       10,431              $12.2 million

Tax year                       Delinquent parcels                Amount owed
2008                                       19,547              $28.5 million
2009                                       19,523              $28.4 million

(Only years for Pasco available on Monday.)

Source: County tax collector offices

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Virginia: Bland County Delinquent Real Estate & Personal Property Tax List

LENGTH: 166  words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: County of Bland, The state of Virginia has issued the following news
release:



 The publication of the lists of delinquent real estate and personal property
taxes have been released and can be viewed on the county website at
www.blandcountyva.gov and will be submitted for publication in the Bland County
Messenger.





 The Bland County ordinance adopted in 2014 in accordance with § 46.2-752 of the
Code of Virginia, authorizes the Treasurer of Bland County to place a stop on
delinquent personal property tax payers with the Department of Motor Vehicles
(DMV). This prevents the issuance of any vehicle registration or renewal of such
license or registration until all delinquent taxes and fees are paid in full to
the County of Bland.



 Delinquent tax payers are asked to contact the Treasurer of Bland County, John
Goins, (276-688-3741) to settle any delinquent accounts.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

New York: Moody's Servicer Dashboard: Florida servicers' payments on delinquent
loans may benefit RMBS

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Moody's Investors Service has issued the following news release:



  Florida servicers' payments on delinquent loans are credit positive for the
residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) backed by the loans, Moody's
Investors Service says in the lead article of its latest Servicer Dashboard. The
practice may protect servicers' right to restart the foreclosure process on
properties underlying long-delinquent loans, and so gain recoveries on them.





 Some servicers have been crediting payments on borrowers' delinquent loans in
an effort to position foreclosures to comply with Florida's statute of
limitations. This practice may protect their right to restart foreclosures on
loans delinquent for more than five years that the Florida courts previously
dismissed, and keeps foreclosures moving. The courts are divided on various
issues related to applying the statute of limitations, and the Florida Supreme
Court is currently reviewing a case servicers hope will clarify many of these
issues. "Even if the court rules unfavorably for lenders and servicers, the
impact on private-label RMBS would be limited, because it wouldn't affect more
than 3% of Florida loans," says Moody's analyst, Frank Wissman.



 Elsewhere in the latest dashboard, which presents a month-to-month comparison
of servicers' performance, collections metrics continued to improve slightly or
remained flat in 2015's third quarter. Though Ocwen's performance improved, the
company remained the worst performer in the prime and Alt-A categories. Wells
was the best in subprime, and Citi the best in Alt-A. Continued improvement in
the economy contributed to declines in new delinquencies and in roll rates for
all product types, notably subprime loans.



 Similarly, total cure and cash-flowing metrics were slightly better or flat for
all product types in the third quarter of 2015, with the exception of Citi in
Alt-A. Ocwen's level of modifications increased, and the servicer continues to
have the highest level of loss-mitigation activity among peers across all
products.



 Modification re-default rates also improved slightly or were flat, with Ocwen's
re-default performance worse for all product types due to the company's high
re-modification count. Meanwhile, foreclosure timelines were flat for all
product types.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

New York: Moody's Servicer Dashboard: Florida servicers' payments on delinquent
loans may benefit RMBS

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Moody's Investors Service has issued the following news release:



  Florida servicers' payments on delinquent loans are credit positive for the
residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) backed by the loans, Moody's
Investors Service says in the lead article of its latest Servicer Dashboard. The
practice may protect servicers' right to restart the foreclosure process on
properties underlying long-delinquent loans, and so gain recoveries on them.





 Some servicers have been crediting payments on borrowers' delinquent loans in
an effort to position foreclosures to comply with Florida's statute of
limitations. This practice may protect their right to restart foreclosures on
loans delinquent for more than five years that the Florida courts previously
dismissed, and keeps foreclosures moving. The courts are divided on various
issues related to applying the statute of limitations, and the Florida Supreme
Court is currently reviewing a case servicers hope will clarify many of these
issues. "Even if the court rules unfavorably for lenders and servicers, the
impact on private-label RMBS would be limited, because it wouldn't affect more
than 3% of Florida loans," says Moody's analyst, Frank Wissman.



 Elsewhere in the latest dashboard, which presents a month-to-month comparison
of servicers' performance, collections metrics continued to improve slightly or
remained flat in 2015's third quarter. Though Ocwen's performance improved, the
company remained the worst performer in the prime and Alt-A categories. Wells
was the best in subprime, and Citi the best in Alt-A. Continued improvement in
the economy contributed to declines in new delinquencies and in roll rates for
all product types, notably subprime loans.



 Similarly, total cure and cash-flowing metrics were slightly better or flat for
all product types in the third quarter of 2015, with the exception of Citi in
Alt-A. Ocwen's level of modifications increased, and the servicer continues to
have the highest level of loss-mitigation activity among peers across all
products.



 Modification re-default rates also improved slightly or were flat, with Ocwen's
re-default performance worse for all product types due to the company's high
re-modification count. Meanwhile, foreclosure timelines were flat for all
product types.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Jared Hunt: WV ranks high for delinquent debts

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: Minneapolis


ACA International has issued the following news release:

West Virginia has some of the most delinquent borrowers in the nation, according
to a new national survey about consumers' past-due debt.

The Urban Institute released a study Tuesday that found more than one in three
Americans -- 35.1 percent -- have a delinquent debt that's been turned over to a
credit agency. Among those with collections, the average amount is $5,178,
roughly 7 percent of the nation's average household income of $72,254.

The numbers are worse in West Virginia. The state ranks ninth among states with
the most delinquent borrowers.

The Urban Institute study found that 41.5 percent of West Virginia consumers had
a debt in collection, with an average amount in collection of $4,697. While that
amount is less than the national average, because the state's average household
income ($54,676) is less than the national average, the percentage of debt
compared to annual income is greater, at 8.6 percent.

Alabama, Kentucky, Georgia, Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, South Carolina and
Washington, D.C., were among the places with higher rates of debt in collection.
Nevada topped the list among states, with 46.9 percent of consumers having a
debt in collection.

Meanwhile, a separate Urban Institute report released Tuesday found West
Virginians on average had the second lowest amount of total household debt,
including mortgage and non-mortgage debt, at $33,970. That was well below the
national average was $53,850.

The delinquent debt report, which was based on 2013 data from credit bureau
TransUnion, found most of the West Virginia debt in collections was concentrated
in the southern end of the state.

Jill Epstein, the president of the Associated Collection Agencies of West
Virginia industry group, said that was driven in part by lackluster performance
of the state's coal economy.

"Obviously in southern part of state, where the coal mines are closing and
laying off lots of people, that has an impact," Epstein said. "In the northern
part of state, where you have the Marcellus shale boom and money is flowing, and
economy's a little better."

Poor health and hospital stays are also a factor.

"As people get hit with high out-of-pocket deductibles and co-pays, that's an
issue," Epstein said.

According to data from Associated Collection Agencies International, health care
debt made up about 38 percent of collections in 2013. Student loan debt followed
at 25 percent, financial services debt (which includes credit card debt) made up
about 13 percent, while debt owed to government agencies accounted for 10
percent.

Mark Schiffman, spokesman for ACA International, said more than 1 billion new
accounts totaling $756.5 billion were placed into collections during 2013. Of
those, agencies only recovered about 7 percent, or $55.2 billion.

Schiffman and Epstein said most debts go uncollected because people usually
don't respond to debt collection letters or don't pick up the phone when the
caller ID indicates a collector is calling.

"People just think if they ignore it they don't have to pay," Epstein said.

Schiffman said, despite perceptions, the vast majority of debt collection firms
are willing to work with consumers to being a payment plan or negotiate the debt
down to a more affordable level.

The organization has set up a website, www.askdoctordebt.org, to help consumers
facing a collection. But Schiffman said the first thing to do is pick up the
phone and talk to the collection agency.

"We're keenly aware nobody wants to talk to a debt collector about owing money,
but by picking up the phone, opening a letter, it's the best thing you can do,"
he said.

For more information please visit: http://www.acainternational.org

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                                 TaxMasters Inc

                        900 Town And Country Ln Ste 400
                            HOUSTON,  TX 77024-2236
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-281-4974226
URL: Home Page: http://www.txmstr.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: TAXSQ
CUSIP: 876765108
CIK: 0000811036
ISIN: US8767651081
SEDOL: 2416564
Reuters Instrument Code: TAXSQ.PK^B15
Display RIC: TAXSQ.PK

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 3, 1986
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Nevada
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive
EMPLOYEES: 306

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   TaxMasters, Inc., (TaxMasters) is a tax resolution company, engaged in the
business of assisting taxpayers with matters at the United States Internal
Revenue Service (IRS), especially the resolution of disputes and assessments and
the settlement of tax liabilities. The Company' s tax professionals help its
clients solve their Federal tax problems, ranging from filing delinquent tax
returns to settling tax debts. Its tax professionals include tax attorneys,
Certified Public Accountants, Former IRS agents, Licensed Tax Preparers and
other tax professionals who are authorized to practice before the IRS. The tax
professionals also help its clients reduce taxes, eliminate penalties, and get
representation before the IRS. The Company helps its clients understand how they
wound up with the tax problems they have and help them fix the entire problem
that caused their tax debt. The Company' s services include: Get its clients
into compliance with their obligation to file income tax returns and pay back
taxes due; Reduce taxes by reducing penalties and interest on tax debts; Settle
the Company' s client' s tax debt for the lowest amount possible under the law;
Stop IRS wage garnishments; Stop IRS property seizure; Defend its client in an
IRS audit or IRS criminal investigation; Recover seized funds, and Remove an IRS
levy or lien.

   Delinquent Tax Returns and Back Taxes

   The Company' s tax professionals help the individuals and businesses with
delinquent returns, back taxes or delinquent taxes minimize the penalties and
interest they would otherwise have to pay to the IRS by assisting them file all
past-due returns before the IRS notifies them of delinquent returns or back
taxes. The Company also assists its clients who have delinquent tax returns in
overcoming a substitute return filed by the IRS. The professionals assist
clients in overcoming the substitute returns by filing the delinquent tax
returns with deductions to which its clients are entitled and obtaining any
refunds that may be due to them.

   Settle Taxes and Offer in Compromise

   The Company helps its clients settle their tax debt for the lowest amount
possible. The professionals look at their client' s options that may be
available to him or her to reduce the tax liability at issue. These options
include submitting or resubmitting corrected tax returns, such as filing
delinquent returns or filing amended returns to claim overlooked deductions and
establishing favorable monthly installment agreements. Once the professionals
have determined that a client' s specific tax problems have been addressed and
tax penalties minimized, and all other settlement offers have been exhausted,
they submit an offer in compromise.

   Cease IRS wage garnishments and other IRS Levies

   One of the method, the IRS uses to collect back taxes is to levy wages, which
is referred to as wage garnishment. The IRS can notify a person' s employer that
such person has a back tax debt. The employer is then required by law to send a
portion of each of that person' s paychecks directly to the IRS to offset the
debt. The IRS do not stop salary garnishment unless a client takes action to
settle what he or she owes, because the IRS usually levies wages to force a
person to take action or after all other attempts by the IRS to collect the
delinquent tax have failed. The Company assists its clients in stopping wage
garnishment by getting its clients back in compliance with the requirement to
file their tax returns and negotiate a release of their wages from levy.

   Recover Property Seized by the IRS

   The IRS seizes assets and places liens on property to satisfy unpaid and
delinquent taxes. The IRS can take and sell any property, such as a boat, car of
even a house. The Company addresses liens and property seizures by different
approaches. Depending on the client' s situation, it requests a Stay of
Collections with the IRS for up to a 90-day period. If the Stay of Collections
is granted, the IRS do not contact its client about his or her back taxes.
During the Stay of Collection, the tax professionals use that period to resolve
the tax debt with the IRS, whether by an installment plan or an Offer in
Compromise or some alternative settlement.

   IRS audit

   The Company represents clients in normal audits, audit letters, and even
fraud audits and criminal investigations. The Company' s tax representative
services in audits and audit appeals include: Acting as an intermediary between
the IRS and the client, Rescheduling the audit if necessary, Requesting specific
information from the IRS related to the matter under investigation; Defending
the client' s tax return at the audit (to the extent of any legal position taken
by the client), and Receiving any findings from the IRS and negotiating to
reduce any proposed settlement.

   The Company competes with JK Harris & Company, Roni Lynn Deutch, Effecteur,
Inc., Allied Tax Solutions, Inc., American Tax Relief, Freedom Tax Relief, 411
Tax Relief and eTaxes.com.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
54111 - Offices of Lawyers
SECONDARY NAICS:
54199 - All Other Professional, Scientific and Technical Services
541199 - All Other Legal Services
PRIMARY SIC:
8111 - Legal Services
SECONDARY SIC:
7389 - Business Services, Nec

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2010

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Cash & Equivalents                         946           2,893           3,683
Short Term Investments                     317             314             306
Cash and Short Term                      1,263           3,207           3,990
Investments
Total Current Assets                     2,705           4,131           9,712
Machinery/Equipment - Gross              3,436           2,930             347
Property/Plant/Equipment,                4,057           2,930             347
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,              (1,173)           (396)           (155)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,                2,884           2,533             192
Total - Net
Defered Income Tax - Long Term           2,835           2,608              17
Asset
Other Long Term Assets, Total            2,852           2,625              17
Total Assets                             8,871           9,963          10,335



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Accounts Payable                         4,505           3,217           1,418
Accrued Expenses                         4,104           2,449             466
Current Port. of LT                        544             569              72
Debt/Capital Leases
Customer Advances                        6,113           8,308           8,943
Other Current liabilities,               6,113           8,308           8,943
Total
Total Current Liabilities               19,627          19,125          10,899
Capital Lease Obligations                1,284           1,709             139
Total Long Term Debt                     1,284           1,709             139
Total Debt                               6,189           6,860             211
Total Liabilities                       20,911          20,833          17,695



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Common Stock                               341             340             301
Common Stock, Total                        341             340             301
Additional Paid-In Capital                 931             200           (301)
Retained Earnings (Accumulated        (13,311)        (11,410)         (7,360)
Deficit)
Total Equity                          (12,040)        (10,870)         (7,360)
Total Liabilities &                      8,871           9,963          10,335
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock             140,700         140,700         301,000
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                    140,700         140,700         301,000
Outstanding
Total Preferred Shares                       1               1               1
Outstanding



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Shares Outstanding - Preferred               0               0               0
Issue 1



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Number of Common Shareholders              495             499             300
Deferred Revenue - Current               6,113           8,308           8,943



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Total Current Assets less                2,705           4,131           9,712
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  0               0               1
Current Ratio                                0               0               1
Net Debt('000 USD)                       4,926           3,653         (3,779)
Tangible Book Value, Common           (12,040)        (10,870)         (7,360)
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               0               0               0
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Net Sales                               43,940          37,916          15,866
Revenue                                 43,940          37,916          15,866
Total Revenue                           43,940          37,916          15,866
Selling/General/Administrative          25,557          18,891          11,154
Expense
Labor & Related Expense                 19,548          18,082           8,657
Selling/General/Admin.                  45,105          36,973          19,811
Expenses, Total
Depreciation                               768             241             107
Depreciation/Amortization                  768             241             107
Total Operating Expense                 45,873          37,215          19,917
Operating Income                       (1,933)             701         (4,051)
Interest Expense -                       (280)           (162)            (39)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                    (280)           (162)            (39)
Non-Operating
Interest Income(Exp), Net                   33              39              29
Non-Operating
Interest                                 (247)           (123)            (10)
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Net Income Before Taxes                (2,180)             578         (4,061)
Net Income After Taxes                 (1,902)           3,591         (4,061)
Net Income Before Extra. Items         (1,902)           3,591         (4,061)
Income Available to Com Excl           (1,902)           3,591         (4,061)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares          239,482         316,712         301,000
Basic EPS Excluding                          0               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average               239,482         316,712         301,000
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               0               0               0
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Net Income                             (1,902)           3,591         (4,061)
Income Available to Com Incl           (1,902)           3,591         (4,061)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Normalized Income Before Taxes         (2,180)             578         (4,061)
Normalized Income After Taxes          (1,902)           3,591         (4,061)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.          (1,902)           3,591         (4,061)
Basic Normalized EPS                         0               0               0
Diluted Normalized EPS                       0               0               0



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Operating Margin                            -4               2             -26
Pretax Margin                               -5               2             -26
Net Profit Margin                           -4               9             -26
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)              (1,933)             701         (4,051)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)            (1,165)             943         (3,944)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Basic EPS Including                          0               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                         (2)               4             (4)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               0               0               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Interest Expense, Supplemental             280             162              39
Depreciation, Supplemental                 768             241             107
Rental Expense, Supplemental             1,425             529             416
Advertising Expense,                    15,995          13,838           9,450
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2010      12/31/2009      12/31/2008
Net Income/Starting Line               (1,902)           3,591         (4,061)
Depreciation                               768             241             107
Depreciation/Depletion                     768             241             107
Payable/Accrued                          2,352           3,439             833
Other Liabilities                      (2,194)         (1,569)          10,639
Changes in Working Capital                (54)           1,229           8,285
Cash from Operating Activities           (148)           3,452           4,331
Purchase of Investments                    (9)            (18)           (720)
Other Investing Cash Flow                  (9)           (668)           (720)
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities         (1,024)           (953)           (720)
Long Term Debt Reduction                 (553)           (231)            (97)
Long Term Debt, Net                      (553)           (231)            (97)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,           (775)           (964)            (97)
Net
Cash from Financing Activities           (775)         (3,290)         (1,578)
Net Change in Cash                     (1,947)           (791)           2,033
Net Cash - Beginning Balance             2,893           3,683           1,651
Net Cash - Ending Balance                  946           2,893           3,683
Cash Interest Paid                         282             118              39

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           2,705
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          4,691
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             8,871
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            9,819
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             18,425
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                        (12,040)
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                       (11,899)
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        (8,719)
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (12,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                         (11,899)
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           1,458
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           1,263
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                            1,173
year ('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           19,627
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         20,548
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                             20,911
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                           21,718
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           1,284
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          1,170
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                753
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                           (12,040)
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                         (11,899)
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           6,189
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               5,900
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             768
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            206
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              782
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                       (1,163)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             485
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (2,178)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           (1)
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     13
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   4.67
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5.55
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                         2.47
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                       (5,887,988)
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                             1,848,725
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                       (8,824,281)
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               137.73
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   5.93
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           136,038.60
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               169,467.30
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 148,766.90
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .14
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .23
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .62
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              3,459.39
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -7.83
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    4.48
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                5.33
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    -12.55
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  14.47
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      11.92
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         69.76
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             60.09
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.12
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.11
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                        -51.46
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                -22.99
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                -51.46
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -63.67
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -10.96
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -63.90
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                           9,900.00
EPS Change % - year over year                                           -170.02
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                              -181.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -84.99
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                    8,052.60
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -181.46
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -152.95
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         13.94
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          16.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             8.41
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          15.89
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                              312.08
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                              149.55
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (1,902)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            141
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (2,700)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (2,180)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           216
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (3,390)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (2,180)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,933)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       277
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     (3,140)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              (1,165)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               943
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      484
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    (2,359)
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            280
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            64
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             273
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (1,902)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                141
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (2,700)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (1,902)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             43,940
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,929
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             41,992
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   45,523
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                   -521.03
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            34.59
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (278)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  75
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 (690)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (1,902)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (2,700)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   (9)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (2,700)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                -14.91
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.20
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             6.05
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                              24.49
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                             -14.65
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (86)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                (85)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (86)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                              (85)
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                4
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 5
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                               0
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               (5)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                            12
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                 1
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                    10
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                                2
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                            13
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                               11
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              (8)
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                9
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              10
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (10)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              (8)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                1
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                              11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   (9)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             (8)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               1
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                    11
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             (9)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              (8)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             (5)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                                10
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                              5
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               14
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                3
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                            18
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                (9)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 9
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                8
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               183
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                            369
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                     92
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                197
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 65.91
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   70.55
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    70.55
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                  .10
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          63.86
month
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.66
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             -5.88
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    -2.65
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          -5.18
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        -3.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          -4.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                           9.47
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  1.09
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                              7.89
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   -5.93
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             -4.40
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                              1.85
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         -7.03
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.15
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      -6.90
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                -4.96
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 1.53
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            -7.28
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        1.67
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         -7.45
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           102.65
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           96.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            105.18
Float                                                                     10.20
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            141
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                            326.38
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                           231.24
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                         239.48
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                        140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                         140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                             140.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                           339.68
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                             140.70
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                        326.38
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                           231.24
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          239.48
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                          140.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                             7.25

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: Over The Counter
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 140,700,899
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 495
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Malone Bailey, LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 6, 2014 Thursday

City Council discusses options to curb delinquent garbage bills

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


Feb. 06--Combining water, sewer and garbage bills for city of Erie residents.

Lawsuits.

Rescinding or denying landlords' eligibility for city-required rental licenses.

Erie City Council talked about all of these options -- and examined what other
cities do -- on Wednesday as the panel discussed ways to better collect more
than $1.6 million in delinquent refuse fees.

Council members, other city officials and Paul Vojtek, the Erie Water Works
chief executive, met for nearly 90 minutes during council's Finance Committee
meeting Wednesday.

City officials have been criticized by some citizens for not being aggressive
enough on the delinquency issue, especially since residents' garbage fees were
increased in the city's 2014 budget.

Councilman Cas Kwitowski said the city needs to get tough regarding the
delinquent accounts. Kwitowski suggested filing lawsuits to get the largest
delinquent customers to pay up.

"We've got to start having some guts around here," Kwitowski said. "Let them sue
us. ... People are mocking us over this."

Vojtek on Wednesday told City Council that the city's total delinquencies,
including accounts that have municipal liens filed against them, is $2.3
million. Some customers have not paid their bills in a decade, Vojtek said.

He added that Erie Water Works received $55,500 in payments from delinquent
customers in the wake of a Jan. 19 Erie Times-News story on the city's problems
with delinquent garbage accounts.

A list of accounts that were delinquent at that time was posted at
GoErie.com/garbagebills.

Vojtek said Erie Water Works is committed to working with city officials.

"Our staff ... we hate to see people become scofflaws or thumb their noses at
our collection practices," Vojtek said.

He said the Water Works solicitor, Tim Sennett, will look into the legality of
shutting off customers' water service because of delinquent garbage bills, if
water/sewer/refuse is combined into one bill.

City Council, at its regular meeting Wednesday, also passed a resolution asking
City Solicitor Greg Karle to look into whether the city can legally require all
landlords seeking a rental unit license with the city to be current on all taxes
and fees, including garbage. That includes those who currently hold rental
licenses.

Council will continue the discussion at its next Finance Committee meeting,
scheduled for March 5.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140206-EI-City-Council-discusses-options-to-curb-delinquent
-garbage-bills-0206-20140206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

Late taxpayers pay up $5.3M;
WEBSITE: City controller posted names of delinquent residents.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 199 words


City Controller Wendy Greuel announced Wednesday that her office had collected
more than $5.3 million in delinquent taxes over the past year.

A total of 38 taxpayers agreed to pay the taxes after the city posted a list of
overdue taxes at finance.lacity.org/delinquent.htm. Greuel said she hoped that
publicizing the names of those who are delinquent on their taxes will prompt
them to pay what is owed.

"I'm pleased that we were able to collect more than $5.33 million since the
inception of the program," Greuel said. "With over $200 million in delinquent
taxes still to be collected, we will remain vigilant in cracking down on tax
cheats.

"Cheating on your taxes may seem appealing in the short term, but costing the
city puts an unfair burden on millions of law-abiding Angelenos."

In addition to the collections, Greuel said her office has filed cases against
57 others, seeking back taxes of more than $40 million.

VICA President Stuart Waldman, who has called for the creation of a city office
that would deal solely with collections, praised Greuel's efforts.

"VICA is impressed with the progress that has been made," said Waldman, whose
group represents businesses in the San Fernando Valley.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 16, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Topics of The Times;
Zapping Delinquents on TV

SECTION: Section A; Page 30; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 183 words


Tax collectors for Fairfax County, Va., across the Potomac River from
Washington, D.C., don't have computer resources to match the mighty Internal
Revenue Service in the pursuit of delinquents. But they have television -- and a
clever producer.

This week the county launched a 10-minute cable TV show called "Tax Evaders!"
with the names and addresses of more than 100 county tax delinquents writ large
on the screen. Just to be sure no one missed the point, the names were paired
with pictures of county deputies seizing automobiles and auctioning off houses.
And there was a "delinquent taxpayer" with a big black dot obscuring her face.

It is not unusual for newspapers to publish lists of delinquents, but
embarrassment by video adds a whole new dimension. Fairfax County claims 72,000
individuals and businesses are overdue in their payments on real estate taxes,
personal property taxes or business licenses. But to qualify for "Tax Evaders!"
you have to be at least two years behind. Even citizens who yearn for a moment
in TV's spotlight may want to avoid this form of celebrity.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday

Monessen loses on housing

BYLINE: by KATE WILCOX

LENGTH: 435 words


Monessen officials say a perfect storm of lost industry and a plummeting
population has saddled the city with an unwelcome distinction - more than half
of the 539 properties in Westmoreland County's repository of tax-delinquent
parcels are in the struggling river town.

Although other communities with comparable or larger populations, such as
Jeannette and New Kensington, have weathered crippling economic blows, Monessen,
with 7,700 residents, has nearly 12 times the number of parcels - 273 - in the
list of delinquent properties.

Real estate that is at least two years delinquent on local and county taxes and
has been put up for sheriff's sale, but not sold, is listed.

Although Monessen has attempted to demolish its blocks of ramshackle, sometimes
collapsing residential and commercial buildings, city officials say there is not
enough money to raze every blighted structure.

Westmoreland County Commissioner Charles Anderson said the success of one town
over another comes down to a community's mindset and the ability of a mayor and
council to make difficult decisions.

For Monessen to pull out of its spiral, two things must happen, according to Liz
Hersh, executive director of the Pennsylvania Housing Alliance.

Strict code enforcement is crucial, along with careful crafting of a process to
obtain delinquent properties then demolish or rehabilitate them, Hersh said.

"The biggest failure (comes with) not trying," she said.

Monessen's attempt to deal with its blighted properties has divided the
community and sparked bitter political skirmishes that many believe resulted in
Mayor Mary Jo Smith's defeat in last month's primary election.

Smith was the leading proponent of a controversial plan called "Monessen
Rising," which called for buying the delinquent parcels from the county then
reselling them to artists looking for low-cost properties where they can live,
work and sell their wares.

Smith and other officials enlisted the aid of two Staten Island, N.Y.,
developers, who met stiff opposition along with jeers and shouts at public
meetings where they discussed the plan.

Brian Jensen, executive director of the Pennsylvania Economy League of  Greater
Pittsburgh, agreed that "once a particular house gets blighted, there's a
tendency for that rot to spread."

Monessen's aging population has played a role, according to city administrator
John Harhai, who on a recent tour of the city pointed to a house that belonged
to an elderly woman who moved out of the state.

"They can't sell it, can't afford to keep it up," Harhai said.

Kate Wilcox is a staff writer for Trib Total Media.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 21, 2010 Sunday

Delinquent refuse customers cost Erie: City looks at how to collect unpaid trash
bills

BYLINE: Mike Maciag, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 756 words


Mar. 21--For many people and businesses in Erie, unpaid garbage bills haven't
stopped piling up for years.

Five hundred property owners with the highest delinquencies have racked up more
than $555,000 in overdue refuse and penalties, an Erie Times-News analysis of
collection data has found.

Their bills account for just under half of the more than $1.2 million owed to
the city in delinquent refuse payments.

Some city officials began proposing ideas to recoup money from these and other
delinquent refuse customers after the newspaper published an initial report in
January.

"These are people who intentionally did not pay for several years," Council
President Jim Thompson said. "They are costing the rest of the good people in
the city money."

The review of refuse data -- obtained in mid-February from Erie Water Works,
which collects the fees -- showed the top 100 refuse customers owed from $1,288
to $13,341 at a time when city budgets have tightened.

In all, the city was owed $1,213,749 in overdue refuse payments and penalties at
the end of February. Up to 5,000 accounts were considered delinquent, according
to Water Works, which is paid to manage billing for the city.

Erie landlord Louis Vomero is the property owner with the highest delinquency
total, according to billing records.

Eleven accounts in his name owed a total of $13,342 as of Friday.

When reached by phone, Vomero said several of his tenants were behind in paying
their refuse bills. With liens already filed against many of his properties,
Vomero said, he plans to take delinquent tenants to court.

"I'm doing the best I can to get them paid," he said.

Still, Vomero and other landlords in his situation, not their tenants, are on
the hook for the bills.

Records show that seven of Vomero's 11 delinquent properties owe an average of
$1,464, which reflects more than seven years of unpaid bills. One property
account is currently billed $48 per quarter.

Nearly all of the outstanding refuse bills are from residents or landlords who
live in Erie. Of the total owed for accounts at least two payments behind, only
about 3 percent of customers list billing addresses outside Erie County.

It's the property owners with the highest tabs who Thompson thinks the city
should target.

"People don't care because they don't think anything will happen," he said.

Others might have been misled. Thompson said some people were given the
impression many years ago that they didn't have to pay garbage bills.

Garbage collection is not stopped for delinquencies, so bills can continue to
pile up. Water and sewer services, though, are often terminated for delinquent
customers.

"It's very difficult to maintain any level of delinquency when you really have
no teeth in the collection policy," said Paul Vojtek, Erie Water Works' chief
executive.

Customers are charged a 1.5 percent penalty per month on delinquent accounts.
Once warning notices have been sent and a property is at least $250 delinquent,
Water Works typically places a lien on a property, Vojtek said.

Thompson said the city should first look to make sure liens are placed on
delinquent properties and set a limit for when they're used.

"It's something that has to be more aggressively looked at," he said.

Erie Water Works had filed about $561,000 in unpaid liens against delinquent
properties as of the end of February.

Some of the highest tabs belong to area landlords.

To entice them to pay up, the city had considered imposing penalties, including
nonrenewal of rental licenses.

But the city's finance director, Paul Lichtenwalter, said it is not legally
possible to rescind a rental licensee because of a refuse delinquency.

Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco asked the City Solicitor's Office to explore
hiring a collection agency to force delinquent property owners to pay up.

"A collection agency would be aggressive about getting these collected," she
said.

If nothing is done, Horan-Kunco fears overdue refuse payments will only continue
to climb.

"It's important to try to figure out a strategy to combat these delinquencies,"
she said. "We can't just accept it."

MIKE MACIAG can be reached at 870-1776 or by e-mail.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100321-EI-Delinquent-refuse-customers-cost-Erie-0321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2010 Erie Times-News


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           February 12, 2008 Tuesday

Caples building again on delinquent-tax list

BYLINE: By David Crowder / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


El Paso City Council members went on a collective rant about some of the
community's major delinquent taxpayers during a briefing on the subject Tuesday.

Topping the list of the city's least-favorite property owners is William "Billy"
Abraham, whom the city, acting on behalf of other taxing entities, has sued
repeatedly.

"There's a pattern," tax lawyer Carmen Perez said of Abraham and other owners.
"The taxes were delinquent, we sued, they paid and then they went delinquent
again."

For the second time in the past five years, Abraham is the owner of a property,
the Caples Building, that has made the list of the state's most-endangered
historic properties compiled by Preservation Texas Inc., a nonprofit based in
Austin.

The nonprofit's Web site describes the Caples Building at 300 E. San Antonio --
designed by Henry C. Trost and built to five stories in 1909 -- as the 1910 home
of Francisco Madero's provisional Mexican government and now in serious
disrepair.

The city has sued Abraham twice over that property and collected $43,947. The
city has a new suit pending over $109,408 in back taxes, penalties and interest.

"The Caples Building is the most egregious example of abuse," said West-Central
city Rep. Susie Byrd. "I think we need to do something different than what we
have done because what we have done hasn't worked."

Perez said that under Texas law there is little to do except to make not paying
taxes on time so expensive that owners pay up.

Abraham later said he pays the city more than $350,000 a year on the Caples
Building and other properties while contesting the valuations and the tax bills
he regards as unfair.

"These people are trying to portray me as some jerk who doesn't pay his property
taxes, and that is not accurate," he said. "I love this city and I am very proud
to be a descendant of the Caples family. Of the dozen or so Trost buildings my
company owns É none is more important to me than the Caples Building."

He said those buildings "are all earmarked for renovation."

David Crowder may be reached at dcrowder@elpasotimes.com; 546-6194

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            August 5, 1996, Monday,

SEVERAL PROPERTIES DELINQUENT FOR 20 YEARS

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 383 words


Taxes on some Portland properties have been in arrears as long as 20 years.

Linda McLeod of the city's Treasury Department said long-delinquent properties
often are wetlands or vacant property that cannot be built on. Because they have
little market value, such properties have been hard for the city to sell.

Here, according to the city, are the 10 property owners with the oldest unpaid
property taxes:

Jordan & Hammond Inc. Delinquent since 1976. Owes $ 3,589 on lots at 9-13 and
10-12 Aspen Drive. No known address; could not be reached for comment.

Elmer F. Holding. Delinquent since 1976. Owes $ 1,460 on a lot at 2-14 Berry St.
No known address; could not be reached for comment.

Merrill Y. Stephens, 164 Coyle St., Portland. Delinquent since 1976. Owes $ 722
on 9,325 square feet on Greenville Avenue.

''I haven't even thought about it for 20 years, so I can't even tell you about
it,'' Stephens said when asked about the land. Stephens said he did not know why
he hadn't paid the property taxes. ''I'd just as soon get rid of it; I thought
they'd already taken it,'' he said, referring to the city.

Mark & Mary E. Gollance. Delinquent since 1976. Owe $ 609 on two Villa Avenue
lots. No known address; could not be reached for comment.

George L. Curtis. Delinquent since 1976. Owes $ 313 on 2,262 square feet of land
at 1780 Washington Ave.No known address; could not be reached for comment.

Leo Warner. Delinquent since 1976. Owes $ 118 on 200 square feet at 110 Congress
St. No known address; could not be reached for comment.

Philip E. Hamlin Devel. Delinquent since 1976. Owes $ 46 on a small piece of
property at 92 Caron St. with an assessed value of $ 90. No known address; could
not be reached for comment.

Philip E. Hamlin Devel. Delinquent since 1977. Owes $ 132 on two bits of land at
79 and 80 Caron St. with a total assessed value of $ 270. No known address;
could not be reached for comment.

John D. O'Rourke heirs. Delinquent since 1979. Owe $ 968 on 17,533 square feet
of land on Luther Avenue on Peaks Island. No known address; could not be reached
for comment.

Sadie Messer Fisher heirs. Delinquent since 1979. Owe $ 927 on 4,000 square feet
of land at 87-89 Riggs St. No known address; could not be reached for comment.

sidebar taxes

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1996 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

McAllen school board switches firms to collect delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Jennifer L. Berghom, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


Oct. 27--MCALLEN -- The school district will have a new firm collecting its
delinquent taxes Nov. 1.

Members of the McAllen school board voted via closed ballot Monday to select
Perdue, Brandon, Fielder Collins and Mott, which is in a partnership with
attorney John David Franz, to collect levies that were not paid on time. The
decision ends a decade-long contract with Linebarger, Goggan, Blair & Sampson, a
national firm with a local office in Edinburg.

McAllen attorney and Hidalgo Mayor John David Franz has a partnership with
Perdue Brandon, which has offices throughout the state of Texas.

"We're excited at the prospect for working with the MISD," Franz said after the
meeting.

Franz said he plans to start the transition process with the school district
Tuesday and hopes to be fully ready to take over delinquent tax collections by
Nov. 1, when the contract is expected to begin. Franz said his firm's
compensation rate would be 15 percent.

"I'm very proud. I'm a McAllen High School graduate, I have ties to the area, my
law office in McAllen. I'm very happy the school district though enough of us
and our firm (to select them)," Franz said.

Representatives from Linebarger referred comments to their spokesman in the
Washington, D.C., area.

"We are disappointed but we certainly respect the decision of (the board)," said
Joe Householder, a spokesman of the firm.

He also said the firm views that the work it has done for the McAllen school
district and all of its clients in the Rio Grande Valley have been a service to
them and the firm looks forward to continuing that work.

The school board originally voted at its Oct. 13 meeting to renew its contract
with Linebarger after representatives from Perdue Brandon revealed that some
delinquent taxpayers were overcharged legal fees related to the collections.
School district and Linebarger representatives said the overcharge was the
result of a miscommunication as to who was supposed to contact the county's tax
assessor-collector, with whom the district contracts to calculate how much money
is due.

But at a special called meeting the following week, the board decided to rescind
that vote and find out how the miscommunication happened and interview the firms
again.

In total, about 1,200 delinquent account holders overpaid more than $78,000.
Linebarger gave the district a check at its Oct. 20 special meeting a check for
the overpayment plus interest. The school district will be reimbursing those
taxpayers.

Jennifer L. Berghom covers education and general assignments for The Monitor.
She can be reached at (956) 683-4462.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091027-MC-McAllen-school-board-switches-firms-to-collect-delinquent
-taxes-1027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2009 The Monitor


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday

Law firm: $2M owed in delinquent city property taxes

BYLINE: Jacqueline Armendariz, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 686 words


Dec. 15--HARLINGEN -- The law firm contracted to collect delinquent city
property taxes reported $2 million owed to the city this past fiscal year.

The firm, Linebarger Goggan, Blair & Sampson, is set to make a presentation on
the subject at the 5:30 p.m. City Commission meeting today, while other
financial matters are discussed.

The firm collected 31.4 percent of the city's $2 million in delinquent taxes, or
$645,284, for the past fiscal year, exclusive of penalties and interest on the
taxes owed, according to the company's report.

John Guevara, a lawyer based at the law firm's Brownsville office, said
delinquent tax collections are consistent each year.

He explained further that at the end of each fiscal year, any outstanding taxes
are tacked onto the delinquent tax roll, which explains why it seems the amount
doesn't decrease year after year.

The law firm's collection of delinquent taxes has hovered around 30 percent
since at least 2006, as has the amount of delinquent taxes at around $2 million
with slight increases and decreases through the years, city documents show.

For example, in fiscal year 2006 the city was owed $1.9 million with about
$610,410, excluding penalties and interest, collected on the city's behalf.

But, in fiscal year 2007, the amount owed was $2 million and the amount
collected was $599,899. The next fiscal year, the amount owed was $1.9 million
and the amount collected was $626,770.

"One important thing here is that when you see revenue either decrease or
increase it's because of the economy," Guevara said of the unpaid city property
taxes. "This particular revenue stream has been increasing over the years. Every
year there's more collections."

Guevara acknowledged that his law firm sometimes sells homes that are delinquent
, but said that the number of homes sold is minimal compared to the number of
taxpayers who are helped by setting up payment plans to satisfy tax obligations.

"Times are tough," Guevara said. "We try to work with people, put them on
payment plans. The important thing to note is that people should not ignore
their taxes. Contact our office. That's critical."

Guevara said most of the properties sold are vacant lots or abandoned
properties, while most property owners in debt choose to accept a payment plan.

The legal process for bringing a property to sale for delinquent taxes is
complicated and "a whole other story," Guevara said.

As for the other financial matters to be discussed at the City Commission
meeting today, the Economic Development Corporation will increase its 2010-2011
fiscal year budgeted revenues and expenditures from about $5.3 million to about
$7.5 million.

Roel Gutierrez, finance director for the city, said the EDC had $2 million in
unused budgeted expenditures from last fiscal year.

Meanwhile, the city will amend its 2010-2011 fiscal year budget to include
funding for a new part-time municipal court clerk.

The city will also amend its budget to include services or items that were
outstanding as of Sept. 30, 2010, and grants that were not yet accounted for
when the budget was finalized.

The city general fund's budgeted revenues will increase by $658,587 and
expenditures will increase by $1.1 million from September 2010 projected
revenues of $36.9 million and $36.9 million in expenses.

Gutierrez said revenues will increase to $37.5 million and expenses will
increase to $38 million, with the small difference made up by a portion of the
general fund's fund balance of an estimated $11 million.

The Downtown District will also increase its budgeted expenditures for the
2010-2011 fiscal year by $26,520, to make a total of $289,587.

The increase is a result of carryover from grant expenditures given to local
businesses in the district from the previous fiscal year.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101215-HR-Law-firm-2M-owed-in-delinquent
-city-property-taxes-1215-20101215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2010 Valley Morning Star


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Relating to quarterly payment of real and personal property taxes

LENGTH: 701  words

DATELINE: New York



 Charleston: The State of West Virginia has issued the following bill status:
 LAST ACTION:     H To House Finance 01/13/16

 SUMMARY:     Relating to quarterly payment of real and personal property taxes

 LEAD SPONSOR:     Rodighiero

 SPONSORS:     Marcum
 West Virginia Legislature



 2016 Regular Session



 Introduced



 House Bill 2400



 2015 Carryover



 (By Delegates Rodighiero and Marcum)





 [Introduced January 13, 2016; referred to the



 Committee on Finance.]



















 A BILL to amend and reenact §11Aâ[#x20ac]'1â[#x20ac]'3 of the Code of West
Virginia, 1931, as amended, relating to quarterly payment of real and personal
property taxes; and requiring new tax tickets to be mailed after property is
transferred.



 Be it enacted by the Legislature of West Virginia:



 That §11Aâ[#x20ac]'1â[#x20ac]'3 of the Code of West Virginia, 1931, as amended,
be amended and reenacted to read as follows:



 ARTICLE 1.  ACCRUAL AND COLLECTION OF TAXES.



 §11Aâ[#x20ac]'1â[#x20ac]'3.  Accrual; time for payment; interest on delinquent
taxes.



 (a) (1) All current taxes assessed on real and personal property may be paid in
two installments.  The first installment shall be is payable on September 1 of
the year for which the assessment is made, and shall become becomes delinquent
on October 1; the second installment shall be is payable on the first day of
following March 1 and shall become becomes delinquent on April 1.  Taxes paid on
or before the date when they are payable, including both first and second
installments, shall be are subject to a discount of two and oneâ[#x20ac]'half
percent.  If taxes are not paid on or before the date on which they become
delinquent, including both first and second installments, interest at the rate
of nine percent per annum shall be added from the date they become delinquent
until paid.



 (2) Beginning July 1, 2015, current taxes assessed on real and personal
property may be paid in quarterly installments.  The first quarterly installment
is payable on September 1 of the year for which the assessment is made, and
becomes delinquent on October 1; the second quarterly installment is payable on
the following January 1 and becomes delinquent on February 1; the third
installment is payable on the following March 1 and becomes delinquent on April
1; the fourth installment is payable on the following August 1 and becomes
delinquent on September 1. Taxes paid on or before the date when they are
payable, including both first and second installments, are subject to a discount
of two and oneâ[#x20ac]'half percent.  If taxes are not paid on or before the
date on which they become delinquent, including both first and second
installments, interest at the rate of nine percent per annum shall be added from
the date they become delinquent until paid.



 (b) With regard to real and personal property taxes, when any return, claim,
statement or other document is required to be filed, or any payment is required
to be made within a prescribed period or before a prescribed date, and the
applicable law requires delivery to the office of the sheriff of a county of
this state, the methods prescribed in section fiveâ[#x20ac]'f, article ten,
chapter eleven of this code for timely filing and payment to the Tax
Commissioner or Department of Tax and Revenue shall be the same methods utilized
used for timely filing and payment with such the sheriff.  Nothing contained in
this subsection (b) shall prohibit prohibits the sheriff from establishing
additional methods of payment in accordance with the provisions of section
eightâ[#x20ac]'a of this article.



 (c) For property which is transferred from grantor to grantee, the assessor
shall, within three months of the filing of the deed in the county clerk's
office, notify the sheriff who shall prepare a new tax ticket and mail it to the
new property owner.











 NOTE:  The purpose of this bill is to allow quarterly payment of real and
personal property taxes and to require new tax tickets to be mailed after
property is transferred.







 Strikeâ[#x20ac]'throughs indicate language that would be stricken from the
present law, and underscoring indicates new language that would be added.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                              June 12, 2015 Friday

Agency Hired to Collect Town's Delinquent Vehicle Taxes

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - DEALS & PRICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 358  words


Town officials in Manchester, Conn. have hired a collection agency to pursue
people who are delinquent on their motor vehicle taxes.

TaxServ will collect taxes that are more than four years overdue. Town officials
say that while Manchester has a strong tax collection rate, delinquent motor
vehicle bills often have proven much more difficult to collect, especially if
the vehicles are taken out of the state, said John Rainaldi, Manchester's
director of assessment and collection.Â

TaxServ is based in McLean, Va. and has offices in Florida and Hartford, Conn.

Unpaid vehicle taxes that were due in 2011 total roughly $6 million, including
interest. Hiring the collection agency should not cost taxpayers money because
the fees the company expects to earn will be added to the bills they collect.
Rainaldi added that almost all of the delinquent taxes are owed by people who
have moved and left the state.

TaxServ does collection work for several other Connecticut municipalities -
including Hartford, Waterbury, Danbury, Canton and Durham. According to the 2010
Census, Manchester has approximately 58,000 residents.

Â

Manchester had used a different collection agency in the past but that contract
ended several years ago. Town leaders at that time chose not to pursue a new
agreement because of the struggling economy.

Â

Municipalities throughout the U.S. increasingly are turning to third-party
agencies to collect outstanding fees, fines and accounts.

Â

In April, Sean Sander, director of Revenue and Recovery, County of San Diego,
Calif., was the featured speaker for abest practices in government collections
Web seminarhosted by Collections & Credit Risk and sponsored by FICO. The event
focused on the unique challenges faced by state, county and municipal
governments when working to resolve constituents' delinquencies. Sander
discussed how governments can navigate limited resources and shifting mandates
and still improve efficiencies.Â

Â

The County of San Diego is considered one of the most award-winning and
innovative government agencies in the U.S. and is the nation's fifth-most
populous county, with more than three million residents.

Â

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday

County may seek new tax law firm: Cascos, commissioners favor proposals from law
firms charging cheaper attorneys' fees

BYLINE: Allen Essex, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 646 words


Feb. 14--BROWNSVILLE -- A statewide tax collection law firm that has collected
delinquent taxes for Cameron County and other governmental bodies since 1986 may
soon have competition.

Representatives of Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson learned that county
officials plan to seek proposals from other law firms later this year.

The Linebarger firm merged in 1998 with its main competitor, Heard Goggan Blair
& Williams, which had had Cameron County contracts since 1986.

The Heard and Linebarger law firms also have collected current property taxes
for Harlingen and the Harlingen school district for many years, Cameron County
Tax Assessor-Collector Tony Yzaguirre said.

County Judge Carlos Cascos and commissioners agreed to favor proposals from law
firms willing to charge 10 percent attorneys' fees on tax cases, rather than the
20 percent now being charged by the Linebarger firm.

State law was amended two years ago by the Legislature, changing the maximum
attorney fees to be charged on each delinquent tax lawsuit filed from 15 percent
to 20 percent, Yzaguirre said. "But they can charge less, if they want to," he
said.

Commissioners also agreed to choose a law firm to collect delinquent taxes that
does not also collect current taxes.

Cameron County now collects current property taxes for 28 taxing entities,
including itself, Yzaguirre said.

The Linebarger firm's contract to collect delinquent taxes for 28 out of 38
taxing districts in the county is a lucrative business, Yzaguirre said.

"Last year, they made a little over $1 million," Yzaguirre said. "The year
before it was $980,000 and the year before, it was $950,000."

But the law firm actually loses money collecting current taxes for the city of
Harlingen and Harlingen school district, he said.

Yzaguirre said Wednesday the State Comptroller's Office considers it a conflict
of interest for a company to collect both delinquent and current taxes.

"If they don't do a good job collecting current taxes, they can make more filing
delinquent tax lawsuits," he said. "We can't compete (on current tax
collections) because they are a huge firm."

Joe Householder, spokesman for the Linebarger firm, claims the firm's efficiency
saves money for the counties, cities and school districts it serves.

The firm does an excellent job of collecting both current and delinquent taxes,
he said.

"When Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson contract to do a job, they strive 100
percent to do the best possible job that can be done," he said.

He declined to comment on the county's plans to advertise for competitors.

"We haven't seen the (request for proposals) yet because I understand it's still
being developed," he said. "It's a legal and very public process. We respect the
county's right to go through the process."

"Over the last three fiscal years, our firm has collected over $10 million in
delinquent base tax, penalty and interest and current delinquent taxes," states
the law firm's report, presented by attorneys Lucy G. Canales and John D.
Guevara.

"Base tax collections rose 10 percent from tax year 2003 to 2004 and 16 percent
from tax year 2004 to 2005," the report states.

Their firm has collected about $1 million in "current-delinquent taxes" in each
of the last three years, the report states.

"The county has raised the goal considerably in the last four years," Guevara
said.

There are presently 30,864 delinquent tax accounts in Cameron County, the law
firm's report states.

"A lot of those accounts, we may have already filed lawsuits on, or they may now
be in bankruptcy," Canales said to commissioners.

Copyright (c) 2007, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070214-HR-0214-County-may-seek-new-tax-law-firm

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2007 Valley Morning Star


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday

State offering delinquent lottery agents a break

BYLINE: Brian Hallenbeck, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 389 words


Oct. 09--Delinquent lottery agents owe the state around $1 million in ticket
sales -- more, apparently, than the cash-strapped state can afford to ignore.

The state Division of Special Revenue launched an amnesty program Friday in an
effort to collect the debt. Under the program, spelled out in legislation
enacted this spring by the General Assembly, delinquent lottery agents who
receive notification letters will have 60 days to pay any outstanding principal
and penalties they owe as well as 50 percent of the interest on their debt. The
state will forgive the remaining 50 percent of the interest.

Paul Young, the division's executive director, puts the amount of the delinquent
sales "in the neighborhood" of $1 million, some of which could date back to the
1990s. He estimated that about 400 agents -- or former agents -- are currently
delinquent, a number, he said, that does not suggest a chronic problem.

"We've never done this before, so I have no feel for how much we might recover,"
Young said. "We're in uncharted waters."

When an agent fails to forward to the Connecticut Lottery Corp. money he
collects in ticket sales, the division summons the agent to a hearing at which
it establishes a settlement plan, Young said. The agent either pays up, agrees
to pay according to the plan or faces collection efforts.

"We put liens on property and attempt to attach wages, if necessary," Young
said.

The first notification letters went out Friday and more will follow next week.
According to the legislation, all former and current delinquent agents must be
notified by Nov. 1. Those who agree to participate in the program must pay up by
Dec. 31. All debts collected by the division are to be deposited in the state's
General Fund.

Those who believe they may be eligible for the program may contact the division
by e-mail at dosr@po.state.ct.us or by phone at (860) 594-0650.

b.hallenbeck@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101009-NL-State-offering-delinquent
-lottery-agents-a-break-1009-20101009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             June 30, 2011 Thursday

A.M. BRIEFING

SECTION: Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 533 words


SERIOUSLY DELINQUENT MORTGAGE LOANS DROP

News on the nation's foreclosure front appears to be improving, as the number of
seriously delinquent mortgage loans continued to drop in May and foreclosure
starts dropped by nearly 17 percent compared with May 2010.

Year to year, mortgage delinquencies fell by more than 18.3 percent and
seriously delinquent mortgages - behind by three months or more - fell by
slightly more than 10 percent, LPS Applied Analytics, a subsidiary of Lender
Processing Services Inc., reported. The number of mortgage holders who are
delinquent on their loans by two years or more is climbing as financial
institutions take longer to process foreclosures, but those behind by 23 months
or less continue to drop.

Overall, 4.1 percent of all homes nationwide were in some stage of foreclosure,
a 0.7 percent drop from April but a 12.3 percent increase from May 2010.

Kevin Turner

CLINTON ANNOUNCES 1,000 JOBS FOR JOPLIN

CHICAGO - Former President Bill Clinton has some good jobs news for Joplin, Mo.,
as it works to recover from a devastating tornado.

Clinton is in Chicago for the Clinton Global Initiative conference. On
Wednesday, the Democrat announced that a technology company has promised to
create 1,000 jobs in rural Missouri over the next five years with a focus on
Joplin.

The company is Onshore Technology Services.

Clinton says the company eventually plans to create 12,000 new jobs in the
coming decade in other parts of rural America.

Associated Press

GOLDMAN SACHS PLANS TO LAY OFF 230 WORKERS

NEW YORK - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said Wednesday that it could lay off as many
as 230 workers in New York by next spring.

The investment firm notified the New York State Department of Labor of the
possible layoffs in a notice filed on Wednesday. In the filing, Goldman said the
layoffs would happen between now and March 31. The company simply cited economic
reasons for the layoffs.

Goldman Sachs has about 35,000 employees worldwide. David Wells, a spokesman for
Goldman, declined to provide further details on the layoffs.

The layoffs would be in addition to the company's annual firing of workers who
perform in the bottom 5 percent.

Goldman Sachs in April reported that its first-quarter income fell 72 percent to
$908 million.

Associated Press

PILOT APOLOGIZES FOR GAY, FAT, OLD REMARKS

DALLAS - The Southwest Airlines Co. pilot who insulted gays and older workers in
an open-mike rant has apologized.

The 12-year veteran of the Dallas-based airline, James Taylor of Argyle, Texas,
was caught on an open cockpit mike using slurs and profanity to complain that
attendants were mostly gay or too old or too heavy for him to date. The comments
went out over an air-traffic control frequency.

Taylor said in an email that Southwest distributed this week to employees that
the comments were "truly insensitive of me and I would like all of you to know
that from now on, I will show nothing but the utmost respect during my
interactions with all employees."

Taylor said the incident had "forever changed me and I hope that others can
learn from my mistake."

The flight attendants' union dropped plans to file a complaint with the U.S.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            nationalmortgagenews.com

                                February 2, 2016

CMBS Delinquency Rate Improves on Stuy Town Resolution

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: SERVICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 242  words


The delinquency rate on commercial mortgage-backed securities dropped sharply in
January, thanks to the resolution of New York's Stuyvesant Town loan, according
to Trepp.

The rate of U.S. commercial real estate loans embedded in CMBS that were
delinquent fell 82 basis points in January to 4.35%, compared to December, Trepp
said. The delinquency rate is 131 basis points lower than the rate of 5.66% a
year earlier.

The improvement was primarily attributable to the resolution of the $3 billion
loan on the Stuyvesant Town/Peter Cooper housing development in Manhattan. An
additional $300 million of loans were also cured in January.

About $1.7 billion of CMBS loans became newly delinquent in January. The largest
newly delinquent loan in the quarter was a $126 million loan attached to the Two
Gateway office complex in Newark, N.J. Also going delinquent in the quarter was
a $62 million loan for the Stamford Marriott hotel in Stamford, Conn., and a $62
million loan on the Chesapeake Square retail complex in Chesapeake, Va.

Total delinquencies stood at $23.5 billion.

The industrial CMBS delinquency rate rose 23 basis points to 5.96%, while the
lodging delinquency rate was unchanged at 2.82%.

The multifamily delinquency rate plunged 597 basis points to 2.31%. Apartment
loans are now the best performing major property type.

The office property delinquency rate fell 55 basis points to 5.24% and the
retail delinquency rate fell 14 basis points to 5.62%.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                August 23, 2010

Solution Helps Attack Delinquencies Before They Become Write-Offs

BYLINE: Kevin Jepson, Technology Correspondent

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 12 Vol. 14 No. 34

LENGTH: 659  words


ST. LOUIS, Mo.-Anheuser-Busch Employees' CU (ABECU) is making more than 45
collections calls per hour to members with early-delinquent auto loans, lines of
credit and credit cards, helping to nip late delinquencies in the bud.

Better yet, the calls are triggered by targeted collections software that links
members with multiple delinquent loans so that collectors can address total debt
in one call, according to Virgil Mueller, VP-credit and collections at the
$1.3-billion CU here.

The software is part of TotalCollections, a new solution from St. Petersburg,
Fla.-based PSCU Financial Services. The solution combines automated, interactive
calls with manned campaigns to help collect on any delinquent loan.

"TotalCollections is making many more phone calls and contacts than we could
possibly make with the 10 people in our internal collections staff, and they can
make the calls cheaper," said Mueller. Mueller said he could not quantify the
difference in volume of calls or the difference for cost per call.

In June, TotalCollections made more than 7,000 early-delinquent collections
attempts for ABECU, with nearly 370 successful contacts representing more than
1,200 accounts, Mueller said.

ABECU looks to TotalCollections to help reduce its growing number of
early-delinquency loans, he continued. "No matter how we do the accounting,
delinquencies go against our bottom line. We expect TotalCollections will stem
the increase in early delinquencies so that our internal staff will be able to
handle late delinquencies."

Early-delinquency collection calls weren't practical for ABECU before
TotalCollections. "There are too many 10-day delinquencies for us to call,"
Mueller explained. About 400 to 700 loans are early-delinquent at any time,
depending on the time of month, he said.

"We used to send them an automated letter," he said. "But calls act as the
squeaky wheel to get the member's attention. The sooner you can get to the
member, the sooner you can set up a repayment schedule."

ABECU sets the criteria for delinquent loans addressed by TotalCollections, with
calls scheduled for auto and signature loans and lines of credit that are about
16 to 35 days delinquent, said Mueller. Calls scheduled for credit card loans
are 10 days up to 55 days delinquent. All loans targeted have a balance of at
least $700.

The CU uploads flagged accounts from its Akcelerant collections solution, where
members are linked to multiple delinquent loans, into the TotalCollections
solution for collections calls. "We can accommodate any credit union's
collections system, however," according to Bryan Scalise, collections analyst at
PSCU.

Automated calls with an ABECU-branded digital message are placed to members'
home phones. In cases where no contact is made, live collectors determine
whether to follow-up with calls to work or home numbers.

Whether contacted via digital call or a collections agent, members can choose to
make a payment on the spot. "Our Smart Collection strategy allows members to
make an urgency payment and give payment information over the phone," according
to Donna Floyd, PSCU collection relationship manager. Alternatively, members can
indicate they've already paid or promise to pay, and TotalCollections will
automatically stop all calls to those members.

Automated calls eliminate busy signals and "dead air" for collections agents,
said Scalise. "There's no unproductive time for the collector."

"In collections, you go through 10 to 15 dials before you even speak to
someone," Mueller said. "That ties up my collections staff. Auto-dialed calls
save the collector all that dialing time." If TotalCollections fails to reach
the debtor, the solution tries again, about three to four times per day.

Although ABECU is seeing fewer early-delinquent accounts and a lower delinquency
cycle in the two months it has used TotalCollections, Mueller said he's not sure
whether to attribute the results to TotalCollections or economic factors.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 10, 1991

Calif. CRE Delinquency Low

BYLINE: By STEPHEN P. PIZZO

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.


Only 77 or less than 1% of 8,741 commercial loans serviced by California
mortgage banking firms were delinquent by two months or more, according to the
California Mortgage Bankers Association.

By amount, the newest survey shows $ 577 million, or 2.3% of the $ 23.1 billion
in loans being serviced by the state's mortgage bankers, were two months or more
behind in payments.

Excluding the $ 184 million in loans in foreclosure, $ 393 million were
delinquent.

By comparison, the latest survey by the American Council of Life Insurance
Companies showed that as of December 31, 1990, 3.69% of loans in insurance
company portfolios were delinquent.  And Moody's reported that 3% of loans used
to back mortgage-backed securities were delinquent.

Specifically, $ 7.8 billion of the $ 211.4 billion of commercial property loans
in the portfolios of insurance companies nationwide were delinquent.

According to CMBA president Peter Ulrich, office buildings, hotel and motel
loans accounted for 51% of the total delinquent commercial property loans.

By type of property, he said, the lowest delinquencies were among apartment and
mobile home property loans.

The 77 delinquent loans surveyed were broken down into property type by the
CMBA; 27% were loans on office buildings; 23% hotels/motels; 18% R&D buildings;
12% retail properties; 8% warehouse/industrial; 6% apartments; and 6% loans on
mobile home parks.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            June 22, 2005 Wednesday

Foreclosure rates finally dip in Utah

BYLINE: Dave Anderton Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 376 words


Fewer Utah homeowners found themselves facing foreclosure in first quarter,
mirroring a national trend of falling foreclosure rates.

Of the nearly 360,000 mortgage loans serviced in Utah for the three months ended
March 31, just 1.33 percent were in foreclosure, the lowest rate since the
fourth quarter of 2000 and down from 1.80 percent in the 2004 first quarter,
according to a quarterly national delinquency survey released Tuesday by the
Mortgage Bankers Association of America.

Utah's foreclosure rate in first quarter ranked 13th-highest in the nation, an
improvement from previous quarters when the state rated among the highest rates
in the country. Yet the state's average still is higher than the national rate
of 1.08 percent.

Ohio had the highest percent of loans in foreclosure at 3.37 percent. California
showed the lowest at 0.2 percent.

The five-state Pacific region -- including Alaska, California, Hawaii, Oregon
and Washington -- showed the lowest overall regional foreclosure rate at 0.31
percent.

The five-state East North Central region -- comprising Illinois, Indiana,
Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin -- had the highest rate at 2.08 percent.

Utah's delinquency rate -- mortgage loans 30 days or more past due -- declined
to 4 percent in first quarter, down from 4.62 percent in the fourth quarter and
also a decline from 4.4 percent during the first quarter of 2004.

For the first time, the MBA survey in the first quarter measured serious
delinquent loans -- defined as the percentage of loans that are 90 days or more
delinquent or in the process of foreclosure.

In Utah, serious delinquent loans were at 2.31 percent. Across the nation, 15
other states ranked higher in the percentage of serious delinquent loans.

Utah economists have attributed the state's falling foreclosure rate to strong
economic performance and rising real estate values.

Yet Utahns holding subprime mortgages were more likely to enter foreclosure. Of
nearly 40,000 subprime loans serviced in Utah in the first quarter, the
foreclosure rate reached 4.11 percent, nearly three times higher than the
overall state average of all loans serviced.

Nationally, the foreclosure rate of 1.08 percent in the first quarter was down
from 1.27 percent. E-mail: danderton@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           September 16, 2005 Friday

Commissioners warn of possible mail, real estate scam;
Some residents received letters from California investors warning of delinquent
taxes.

BYLINE: christina abel

SECTION: Pg. SU-37

LENGTH: 360 words


A possible real estate and mail fraud scam from California has targeted at least
two St. Johns County residents, including County Commission Chairman Bruce
Maguire.

At a Sept. 6 commissioner's meeting, Maguire warned the public about the
potential scam after he said he received about 15 letters postmarked from the
Property Tax Department in Irvine, Ca. The letters, signed by Scott Santos,
refer to Maguire's property identification numbers and imply that there are
delinquent taxes and liens on the properties.

Maguire said the county Tax Collectors Office assured him that he had no
delinquent taxes. He said he turned the letters over to the U.S. Postal Service
because of potential mail fraud. Maguire said he also thinks the letters could
be part of a real estate scam.

A St. Augustine couple received an identical letter about their property and
told the police and County Commissioner Ben Rich.

Rich said he knew what "the deal was" as soon as he heard about the letter.

The letters said, "If the Tax Collector sells your property at public auction or
if the lien holder chooses to foreclose when your parcel becomes too delinquent,
you could no longer own the property. However, I may be willing to pay you cash
for your property and pay all your delinquent taxes, interest, penalties and
fees before your property is lost."

The only business referred to in the letters is the Property Tax Department, but
the phone number is for a company called National Land Liquidations.

A woman who answered the phone at the company last week and would identify
herself only as Katie K., said the letters were sent out by mistake and that the
company was sorry for the mix-up.

Maguire was skeptical of this being a simple mistake.

He compared it to other situations in which developers purchase 60 to 70 houses,
then go out to investors in California and sell them 10 houses at a time, with
the investors never having seen the property.

"It's a big marketing scheme out in California and something like this may be
tied in. So if you get anything from California about buying your property, be
very careful," Maguire said.

christina.abel@jacksonville.com,

(904) 249-4947 ext. 19

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
mug: maguire mug: rich

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 20, 2009 Friday

Property owners delinquent on $1.4 million to Olmsted County

BYLINE: Laura Gossman, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Mar. 20--Since the start of the housing crisis, developers have had a harder
time selling lots for new homes. And some homes currently for sale have been on
the market for months.

Compared to the 2007 listing, nearly twice as many Olmsted County property
owners have failed to pay their 2008 property taxes on time, but the total
amount the taxes due increased only 30 percent.

In 2007, there were 837 delinquent parcels published in Olmsted County, totaling
$1,069,368 in tax dollars. In 2008, the number jumped to 1,620 parcels totaling
$1,446,399 in tax dollars.

Olmsted County director of property records and revenue Mark Krupski said many
of the delinquent properties are vacant lots, so they don't accumulate a lot of
tax dollars.

"Developers are paying only the things they absolutely have to pay now, so they
choose to put property taxes aside," Krupski said. "I doubt they'll walk away
from their taxes and start tax forfeiture, however, by not paying right away
there's going to be fees and interest tacked on. It's going to cost them more."

Krupski doubted that many of the residential homes listed are foreclosed homes.

"When a home is foreclosed, the bank typically pays any property taxes on the
home," Krupski said.

Olmsted County property records and revenue supervisor Tom Olney said most taxes
are eventually collected.

"There's a three- to five-year time frame before it goes to tax forfeiture,"
Olney said.

He said the delinquent taxes make up only 1 percent of the Olmsted County's 2008
levy.

Dodge County finance director Lisa Kramer said that county also has a list of
tax delinquencies that is longer than past years'.

"There's been an increase in residential property delinquencies," Kramer said.
"Eleven more residential parcels are delinquent compared to last year."

While the list might be long, Kramer said land developers owe less money in
taxes because most of the lots are without houses.

Wabasha County treasurer Jerry Leisen was surprised to learn that the tax
delinquencies in Wabasha County had decreased.

He said 200 parcels were delinquent in 2007 and only 167 parcels were delinquent
in 2008.

He couldn't pinpoint what had caused the number to decrease for 2008, but said
back taxes may have been paid after mortgages were foreclosed.

In print

Look for Olmsted County tax delinquencies in a 12-page section in today's
Post-Bulletin newspaper.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090320-RC-Property-owners-delinquent
-on-1.4-million-to-Olmsted-County-0320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday

Roustan United facing claims, delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Sandra K. Reabuck, Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 605 words


Apr. 2--EBENSBURG -- Roustan United, the Richland Township-based company that
hoped to be part of a deal to manage the Cambria County War Memorial Arena, is
facing financial woes, with civil financial claims totaling more than $120,000
in Cambria County Court and an even higher amount due in delinquent property
taxes.

The company is in arrears on payments it's making on 2006 real estate taxes.

In addition, more than $140,000 is owed on delinquent property taxes for 2007
and 2008, the county tax claim office said.

And, Roustan settled another lawsuit last June for $12,612 by agreeing to make
staggered payments to Lakeland Plastics Inc., of Pittsburgh, for plastic spacer
strips and other products, according to records in the county prothonotary's
office.

Roustan has been managing the arena's primary tenant, the Johnstown Chiefs
hockey team.

Last year, it partnered with Global Spectrum of Philadelphia, one of the
nation's leading managers of public assembly venues, in submitting a proposal to
the county commissioners for the management of the War Memorial Arena.

On Monday, the county commissioners said that any deal with Roustan and Global
was dead.

The commissioners did not discuss Roustan's financial problems, but said there
were several confidential business considerations they considered.

Likewise, Roustan President Scott Branovan would not discuss the lawsuits and
delinquent taxes.

On March 26, Advantage Staffing Inc. of Altoona obtained a $49,944 default
judgment against Roustan United and Burley's Rink Supply of Salix for temporary
staffing services.

Maintenance services and a laborer were supplied, according to the civil lawsuit
filed by Advantage in April.

A lien for $3,734 was filed by the state's Unemployment Compensation Fund
against Roustan United on Sept. 19. That amount remained outstanding from
$10,218 owed, the state said.

This month, two new lawsuits were filed against Roustan.

Adex Sales of Westbank, B.C., Canada, is suing for $45,580 for glass panels to
Roustan at facilities in Meadville, and Northbrook, Ill. EDC Industries of Elk
Grove, Ill., is suing for $21,010 for merchandise allegedly supplied to Roustan.

The tax claim bureau said that the delinquent taxes are due on Roustan's Planet
Ice property at 195 Jari Drive.

The company went on a payment plan last summer, agreeing to pay $6,399 a month.
Six payments were made, with six remaining.

No payments were made in January, February or March, Joanne Ranck, assistant
director, said.

The original amount delinquent for 2006, with interest and penalties, was
$76,792 in property taxes owed to the county, Richland School District and
Richland Township, she said.

Ranck said that Roustan also owes $71,518 in delinquent tax for 2007 and $69,261
for 2008.

A story in Tuesday's editions incorrectly identified the owner of Planet Ice
property as Roustan United, when records at the courthouse identify the owner as
Roustan Johnstown, a limited liability corporation. Information filed with the
Pennsylvania Department of State lists Walter G. Roustan as president of Roustan
Johnstown. Roustan United leases space in the buidling, along with Roustan
Planet Ice Inc. Roustan United's chairman is W. Graeme Roustan.

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090402-JO-Roustan-United-facing-claims-delinquent-taxes-0402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2009 The Tribune-Democrat


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

City trash hauler to crack down on delinquent accounts

BYLINE: Dave Sutor, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


May 23--It is time for Johnstown residents to either pay their garbage bills or
possibly pay a fine.

Beginning June 1, the city's trash hauler, Advanced Disposal, will start issuing
notices to the 1,200 delinquent accounts on file for the first quarter of 2015.

"First will be the suspension of the service," City Manager Carlos Gunby said.

"But, if it continues, we are in the process of finalizing -- and will be
implementing at the same time -- a ticketing process that residences without
paid garbage will receive a ($25) ticket on their door."

Customers who still do not settle their bills could be taken to a magistrate,
which costs the city money and time.

Overall, the expense of dealing with the delinquent accounts is a burden paid
for by customers in good standing.

"It is quite disheartening and disturbing that we have 1,200 delinquent garbage
accounts," Gunby said. "At the end of the day, if that service is suspended,
someone is going to have to pay for that garbage to be picked up, and,
unfortunately that will be the 6,000 to 7,000 folks who have already paid their
garbage bills."

Garbage left out by delinquent customers will still be picked up, though.

"We met with Advanced Disposal (on Thursday) to discuss that situation," said
David Andrews, the city's solicitor.

"Because of the safety and health and welfare issues, we're still going to have
to go pick up that garbage. It's still the city's responsibility to make sure
it's being taken care of."

Anybody with a delinquent account is asked to contact Advanced Disposal or City
Hall.

Dave Sutor is a reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. He can be reached at (814)
532-5056. Follow him on Twitter @Dave_Sutor.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150523-JO-City-trash-hauler-to-crack-down-on-delinquent
-accounts-0523-20150523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Democrat


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

West Virginia: Map: Where West Virginia Mine Operators Owe Millions in
Delinquent Fines

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia Public Broadcasting has issued the following news release:

A recent investigation by NPR and Mine Safety and Health News revealed thousands
of delinquent fines by mine operators across the county. Those fines, which are
handed down by the U.S. Department of Labor's Mine Safety and Health
Administration, range in their delinquency from months to decades--sometimes
adding up to millions of dollars worth of fines. West Virginia mine operators
had nearly $10.8 million in delinquent mine safety penalties at 312 mines (as of
March 31, 2014).

Three West Virginia-based mine controllers are among the mine owners with the
ten highest delinquent penalty amounts, according to the investigation by NPR
and Mine Safety and Health News:

James C. Justice II, Southern Coal Corp.: $1,995,327  (Justice's delinquencies
are in multiple states. He began paying delinquent penalties at the rate of
$100,000 a month after being contacted by NPR.)
    Brandy M. Horvath, New West Virginia Mining Company: $1,369,224 (Horvath was
involved in a federal criminal case for tax charges that resulted in a 2013 plea
agreement and prison sentence.  The court ultimately ruled that Horvath was not
the actual controller.)
    Richard H. Abraham, Rio Group: $ 982,252 (After NPR series aired, MSHA
revealed that Abraham is engaged in negotiations.)

The map below represents a summary of delinquent fines by county in West
Virginia. Click on a county to view the number of delinquent fines and the sum
of delinquent fines as of March 31, 2014:

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

West Virginia: Map: Where West Virginia Mine Operators Owe Millions in
Delinquent Fines

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia Public Broadcasting has issued the following news release:

A recent investigation by NPR and Mine Safety and Health News revealed thousands
of delinquent fines by mine operators across the county. Those fines, which are
handed down by the U.S. Department of Labor's Mine Safety and Health
Administration, range in their delinquency from months to decades--sometimes
adding up to millions of dollars worth of fines. West Virginia mine operators
had nearly $10.8 million in delinquent mine safety penalties at 312 mines (as of
March 31, 2014).

Three West Virginia-based mine controllers are among the mine owners with the
ten highest delinquent penalty amounts, according to the investigation by NPR
and Mine Safety and Health News:

James C. Justice II, Southern Coal Corp.: $1,995,327  (Justice's delinquencies
are in multiple states. He began paying delinquent penalties at the rate of
$100,000 a month after being contacted by NPR.)
    Brandy M. Horvath, New West Virginia Mining Company: $1,369,224 (Horvath was
involved in a federal criminal case for tax charges that resulted in a 2013 plea
agreement and prison sentence.  The court ultimately ruled that Horvath was not
the actual controller.)
    Richard H. Abraham, Rio Group: $ 982,252 (After NPR series aired, MSHA
revealed that Abraham is engaged in negotiations.)

The map below represents a summary of delinquent fines by county in West
Virginia. Click on a county to view the number of delinquent fines and the sum
of delinquent fines as of March 31, 2014:

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 11, 2009 Monday
                             Volusia Review Edition

Delinquent tax certificates up 19 percent Online bidding begins today

BYLINE: AUDREY PARENTE, AUDREY PARENTE - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 362  words


Delinquent Volusia County real estate property tax certificates totaling nearly
$61 million, nearly 19 percent higher than last year, will be listed at
bidvolusia.com beginning today for a sale to take place on May 30.

The tax certificate sale is not a sale of land, but a sale of liens against
27,348 properties for the amount of delinquent real estate taxes.

Information on the delinquent properties is available at the Property
Appraiser's Web site, volusia.org/property where interested buyers can look up a
parcel to find its exact location, Revenue Director Peggy Flomerfelt said.

Certificate buyers bid the lowest interest rate charged against the total
delinquency, including interest and fees, a $3 parcel advertisement fee for the
property owners. The successful bidder pays for the certificate by electronic
funds transfer.

To avoid the auction, delinquent payments plus the interest and fees, must be
made to one of four county locations not later than 5 p.m. May 29. The locations
are: 123 W. Indiana Ave., Room 103, DeLand; 250 N. Beach St., Daytona Beach; 111
Canal St., New Smyrna Beach; and 2744 Enterprise Road, Orange City.

The tax collector's office also publishes a list of delinquent tangible property
taxes, including such items as business assets, mobile home attachments, rental
condo fixtures and other items. This year, 699 delinquent tangibles total nearly
$2 million. If payments of tangible property taxes are not made by May 31,
warrants are issued and later ratified.

Once warrants are ratified, the tax collector has the right to levy fines and
seize tangible property to sell for taxes.

Published lists are included with The Volusia/Flagler Review at the following
locations:*Daytona Beach: 901 Sixth St.; Publix, 1500 Beville Road.*Ormond
Beach: Post Office, 145 W. Granada Blvd.*DeLand: Corner of North Woodland
Boulevard and West Rich Avenue; Potato Patch Restaurant, 635 S. Woodland
Blvd.*Orange City: Post Office, 260 Industrial Drive.*Deltona: Post Office, 944
Deltona Blvd.*New Smyrna Beach: Courthouse, 124 Riverside Drive; corner of Rush
and Canal streets, Manny's Pizza, 3318 S. Atlantic Ave.*Edgewater: Post Office,
400 S. Ridgewood Ave.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2009 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2009 News-Journal Corporation


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            March 17, 2009, Tuesday

Taxpayers may face lawsuits;
Carper releases list of largest delinquent accounts; $2.2 million owed by
companies

BYLINE: GEORGE HOHMANN, DAILY MAIL BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 701 words


Kanawha Commission President Kent Carper released a list of the 20 largest
delinquent tax accounts in the county and said lawsuits will be filed against as
many as possible.

"We're going to sue," Carper said Monday. "For every dime that someone - a
company or a private individual - owes and doesn't pay in taxes, you pay more."

The 20 owe a total of $2.2 million. Some owe for tax years as far back as 2003.

Topping the list is Union Stamping & Assembly Inc., which owes $893,055 in
personal property tax, according to Allen Bleigh, the county's chief tax deputy.

The South Charleston company went bankrupt in 2006.

"They're deadbeats - I can't sue them," Carper said. "What I can do is work with
the new management and hope we can eventually bring back some of those jobs."

Cleveland financier Ray Park bought Union Stamping's assets in bankruptcy and
established Charleston Stamping, which now occupies the South Charleston
factory.

Caterpillar Financial Services owes $245,059, the second largest amount on the
list. The Nashville, Tenn.-based company is the financial arm of Caterpillar
Inc., the world's largest manufacturer of construction and mining equipment,
natural gas and diesel engines, and industrial gas turbines. Caterpillar
Financial Services has been at or near the top of the deadbeat account list for
several years.

Point Mining Inc. owes $226,759, the third largest amount. According to
Secretary of State Natalie Tennant's online business database, the Belle
company's state registration was terminated last June.

Bleigh prepared the list of delinquent accounts. He said in a March 11 memo to
Carper that the county has about 44,783 delinquent tax tickets that date from
the 2003 to 2007 tax year.

"The reason I say approximately is my information is about 30 days old, and I am
sure some of these tickets have been paid," he wrote.

Bleigh said that 42,709 or 95 percent of the delinquent accounts are for amounts
ranging from one cent to $250. He said 1,345 or 3 percent of the accounts are
for amounts ranging from $250.01 to $500. Bleigh said 375 or 1 percent of the
accounts are for amounts ranging from $500.01 to $1,000 and 354 or 1 percent of
the accounts are for more than $1,000.

"My policy has been not to pursue accounts with a balance of less than $250
because it will actually cost more to pursue the matter than we would ultimately
receive," Bleigh wrote.

"As of the end of February the total dollar value of these outstanding taxes is
$1,127,225. I have looked at sending these smaller accounts to a collection
agency like General Recovery Services, but it is still a loss to the county. I
can try mass mailings in the hope someone will be honest and pay, but that is
more wishful thinking than practical logic.

"My efforts with the prosecuting attorney's office is centered on the accounts
that are in the upper 2 percent, with emphasis on taxpayers who owe multiple
year taxes," Bleigh wrote.

Demand letters have been sent to all of the top 20 accounts, and "I am currently
working to define another 20 accounts," he wrote.

Carper said, "I credit the sheriff. He's taking this serious and doing
everything he can. The new prosecutor is doing an excellent job in taking this
serious."

Kanawha tax list

Kanawha County Commission President Kent

Carper released a list of the 20 largest tax

delinquencies and says the county plans to sue

as many of the businesses as it can.

Business Amount owed

Union Stamping & Assembly Inc. $893,055

Caterpillar Financial $245,059

Point Mining Inc. $226,759

Fork Creek Mining Co. $200,332

Trojan Steel Co. $164,533

Martin Twist Energy $129,463

Titan Mining Inc., listed as Laurel Creek Mine $59,946

Mountain International Trucks Inc. $50,537

B C Energy Inc., listed as Cheylan-Slaughters Creek $33,793

Interstate Properties LLC $31,474

Bosley Rental & Supply Inc. $29,173

Bradford Drig Assoc XI LP $28,019

Seneca Communications Inc. $27,532

Jeff Morris Subaru Inc. $26,888

Summit Equipment, listed as Catenary Coal Co. $23,363

Midwinter Investment Group Inc. $20,617

China Chef LLC China Gourmet Restaurant $15,662

Robert D. Thompson Inc. $15,066

Helicopter Flite Services Inc. $9,071

Bee Well Pharmacy $8,660

Contact writer George Hohmann at business@dailymail.com or 304-348-4836.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday
                                  Mars Edition

For some, tax rebate already spent

BYLINE: ED RONCO, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 238 words


SOUTH BEND - A tax credit passed last year by the General Assembly promised
rebate checks to homestead property owners across the state.

But those with delinquent taxes in St. Joseph County will be waiting by the
mailbox for a long time under a new ordinance.

The measure, approved Tuesday night by the St. Joseph County Council, says that
for property owners delinquent in paying taxes on homestead property, rebate
checks will go to pay down the back taxes rather than to the property owner
directly.

The remainder of the rebate, if any, will then be sent to the property owner.

Many counties in Indiana are using similar methods to obtain delinquent tax
revenue, said St. Joseph County Treasurer Sean Coleman.

The number of delinquent taxpayers - and how much they owe - will likely be
calculated by the end of the week, he said.

Putting the money toward delinquent tax balances helps not only the county but
also the property owner to pay down his or her debt, Coleman said.

The council approved the measure by a vote of 8 to 1.

Dissenting was council member Dennis Schafer, R-District F, who said the move
punished residents who received late tax bills because of problems in
calculating reassessments.

Tax bills went out to property owners back in October, months later than usual,
Coleman said.

They also were due in a single installment. Usually, bills are sent out early in
the year and are payable in two installments.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                            January 25, 2008 Friday

Mortgage crisis threatens Milwaukee County budget

BYLINE: Sean Ryan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 545  words


If the mortgage crisis keeps driving up delinquent taxes in Milwaukee County, it
could force the county to either increase taxes or cut program spending.

So Daniel Diliberti, the county's treasurer, has found himself in the unusual
position of helping Milwaukee County residents pay their mortgages. Although the
county treasurer is in charge of collecting delinquent taxes, Diliberti doesn't
want to use foreclosure to do his job.

"We're not interested in taking people's property away, but we need to collect
these taxes," he said. "Every delinquent property has a story, and,
unfortunately, more and more are problems on the mortgage itself that never
should've been taken out. "

There were 3,575 Milwaukee County properties with delinquent payments in 2006,
but the treasurer's office foreclosed on only 12, Diliberti said. The County
Board this month will consider a plan to put those 12 houses up for sale.

Many residents try to get a loan from a bank or negotiate a payback plan when
they hear the county collects 18 percent in interest on unpaid taxes, Diliberti
said. In other situations, banks that foreclose on houses will take a chunk of
the home sale and pay for the taxes.

But to help ensure late mortgage payments don't create more delinquent taxes,
Diliberti is partnering with the University of Wisconsin-Extension to organize a
workshop on Feb. 16 where residents can get advice on how to handle their
mortgage payments or avoid taking out a sub-prime loan.

"Don't wait, don't ignore the problem," said Suzanne Dennik, consumer and
housing education coordinator for the UW-Extension in Racine and Milwaukee
counties. "People are embarrassed. They're afraid. They're in fear of losing
their home, and they follow this natural human instinct to shut down, which is
the worst thing you can do. "

Diliberti's motives go beyond simply not wanting to take residents' homes away.
He doesn't want delinquent payments to affect the county's operating budget.

Every year, the county pays municipalities, except the city of Milwaukee, for
delinquent taxes and shoulders the responsibility of collecting the unpaid
money, with interest. For the past two years, the delinquent taxes the county
owes municipalities increased about $2 million, Diliberti said, or 43 percent.

The situation isn't hurting the county budget yet, but if spiking foreclosures
keep driving up delinquent taxes - and Diliberti expects them to - it could
become a problem.

"You are seeing major impacts on the budgets of local and state agencies," he
said. "It hasn't happened in Milwaukee because the change is more gradual. "

The county budget considers delinquent taxes as receivables that will be
collected, but the more unpaid taxes there are, the more money the county needs
to dump into a contingency fund and the longer it takes to collect the money.

The contingency fund grew by about $100,000 this year, which isn't a big issue
in a $1 billion operation like the county's, said Scott Manske, county
controller. The unpaid taxes aren't a budgetary problem now because the county
is collecting them fast enough, and the interest it collects helps balance the
books, he said.

"I think the tipping point would be a real slowdown in collections," Manske
said. "Right now, they're offsetting each other. "

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2010 Tuesday

Tax auction set for today

BYLINE: Laura B. Martinez, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 516 words


Aug. 03--Taxpayers on Monday were scrambling to pay delinquent taxes or face
seeing their property being sold to the highest bidder today.

Delinquent taxpayers headed to the Cameron County Tax-Assessor Collector's
Office and to the law firm that collects delinquent taxes for several entities
to pay back taxes owed.

The Linebarger, Goggan, Blair & Sampson LLP law firm will hold an auction from
10:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. on the steps of the Cameron County Courthouse on East
Harrison Street to sell some 60 properties that are delinquent on their taxes.

One of the most delinquent on the list is the old Dolly Vinsant Memorial
Hospital in San Benito, which according to the tax office owes $630,275 in back
taxes to Cameron County, the city of San Benito and the San Benito Consolidated
Independent School District.

The property has an appraised value of more than $2.7 million and as of Monday,
the hospital still remained on the property tax sale list, said John Guevara, a
partner with the law firm.

"Something could happen tomorrow (Tuesday)...like with any taxpayer if they came
in the morning and paid. We could still put it from the sale, but as far as I
know they have not paid," Guevara said on Monday afternoon.

The hospital has been closed since October 2007 because of financial problems.

Also on the list is property where two Taiwan Shrimp Farms are housed. Listed as
Lot No. 13 and Lot No. 14, a combined $57,874 in back taxes is owed.

Guevara said property owners have been stopping by the law firm to either pay
the taxes owed or make payment arrangements to prevent their property from being
sold. As each arrangement or payment is made, the sale of the property becomes
cancelled.

"The numbers are changing by the minute," Guevara said.

On Friday, 64 properties throughout the county were originally scheduled to be
sold, which combined owe more than $1 million in delinquent taxes, officials
reported.

"It's not fair to those citizens who pay their taxes to not go after those who
refuse to pay," said County Tax Assessor-Collector Tony Yzaguirre Jr.

According to Yzaguirre's office, the 2009 taxes became delinquent in February
and the accounts were turned over in July to Linebarger, Goggan, Blair & Sampson
LLP for collection.

Guevara said 36,361 delinquent notices have been mailed out to the property
owners. The amount of money owed on these delinquent taxes is more than $26.9
million.

In addition, 533 lawsuits have been filed to collect an additional $1.5 million
on back taxes, Guevara said. The law firm expects to file more lawsuits in
August and September against those delinquent taxpayers.

lmartinez@brownsvilleherald.com

To see more of The Brownsville Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.brownsvilleherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Brownsville Herald,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100803-BV-Tax-auction-set-for-today-20100803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2010 The Brownsville Herald


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 31, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

In foreclosure, board protects itself with fast action

BYLINE: RICHARD WHITE, Special correspondent

SECTION: BAYLIFE & TRAVEL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 581 words


BY RICHARD WHITE

Special correspondent

Q. I read in your column that you recommend the board foreclose on any
delinquent account. Many of the delinquent accounts are upside down and to
foreclose would be wasted money. Why should the board take legal action when
such action is very expensive and will not result in eliminating the mortgage
obligation?

BC, Miami

Answer: I recommend that the board, working with an attorney, develop a
collections and delinquent policy. That policy would include fast action to
eliminate large delinquent amounts. The objective is to get the delinquent
account paying faster. Thus, an owner in bank foreclosure would know that the
association will act faster to obtain title to the property than the bank will.

Once the association has title, it has several options. It can notify the bank
that the title can be passed back to the bank as a deed to stop foreclosure.
Once the title is passed to the bank, it must start paying the fees.

The association can rent the property to generate income. Or, it can sell the
property with the approval of the bank.

Keep in mind, fast action is key. If there's a delay, the legal and delinquent
fees can quickly mount. A recent news story proves the point: A major lender
that has a huge number of delinquent mortgages has resulted in a middle manager
signing more than 10,000 foreclosures a month and then notarizing his own
signature, which is illegal here in Florida.

Several state attorney generals, including Florida's, have filed legal action to
stop foreclosures because of this practice. In the Florida case, the employee
testified that he signed the affidavits without reviewing the paperwork and thus
had no way of knowing whether the information was actually true. The mortgage
company has suspended foreclosures in 23 states. A class-action lawsuit could
result in the cancellation of foreclosures filed nationwide through the Mortgage
Electronic Registration System. What we now have is a situation where delinquent
owners can live in the home without fear of bank foreclosure for months and
maybe years.

Establishing a fast action policy may result in preventing an owner from sitting
in a home without paying his mortgage or association fees.


Q. My condominium unit was placed in foreclosure and I am not living in the
apartment. The furnished unit was unoccupied and payments to the association
were not made, so the association decided to remove the furniture and allowed
someone to move in. Can an association evacuate a foreclosed unit and allow
someone else to move in?

JV, Miami

Answer: Who is foreclosing, and has the final foreclosure taken place? If it is
a bank foreclosure, then the association does not have title and cannot use the
unit or remove the personal property. If the association has foreclosed, then it
has title to the unit and can rent it out.

As for personal property, whoever is foreclosing can remove what the former
owner has not taken and can do with it anything they want. If an eviction notice
was served, then the items would be placed on the street. The key is, who has
title to the unit?

Richard White is a licensed community association manager. He does not offer
legal opinions; any other questions and comments concerning association
operations can be sent to Richard White, 6039 Cypress Gardens Blvd., No. 201,
Winter Haven FL 33884-4115; or e-mail

camquestion@cfl.rr.com

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: RULES OF THE ROOST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 2, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Va. Offers A Deal To Tax Evaders;
Partial Interest Waived for Most

BYLINE: R.H. Melton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 743 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


Virginia launches a 63-day tax amnesty program today aimed at coaxing a
projected $ 48 million from the 400,000 delinquents who owe nearly four times
that amount to a state government in fiscal distress.

With a television ad campaign featuring a hapless tax delinquent being chased by
a giant, two-legged envelope, the state is notifying delinquents that it will
waive all penalties and half of the accrued interest on most back taxes if paid
by Nov. 3.

"The message is: Pay now, or pay more later," Tax Commissioner Kenneth W.
Thorson said.

This year's nine-week program is similar to the tax amnesty of 1990, when the
state government, enduring a recession, welcomed the $ 32 million that was
recovered during the grace period. Maryland and the District have also offered
delinquent taxpayers some short-term amnesty periods in recent years, with mixed
results.

Gov. Mark R. Warner (D) and the Republican-led General Assembly approved the
2003 amnesty as part of a bipartisan package of budget repairs, closing a $ 6
billion shortfall that could still widen in the months ahead. Warner told the
legislature's money committees last week that further spending cuts may be
required to offset escalating costs in health care and other services. Leading
lawmakers estimate the looming shortfall to be at least $ 1 billion.

"It's fair to say that when states are in hard economic times, amnesty always
pops up as a partial solution," Thorson said. "It's not a windfall -- it's
accelerating revenues that we would eventually collect."

Officials said that more than 209,000 regular filers who failed to file in
recent years owe the state a combined $ 180 million, while a slightly smaller
number of businesses and individuals who never file owe an undetermined amount.
A tax department spokesman said that one delinquency notice is being mailed to a
Virginia Beach resident who originally owed $ 8,000 in 1965 and 1966 but now,
because of penalties and interest, has a tax bill of $ 129,000.

"The department has a long memory," Thorson said. "We don't forget."

For instance, of the 27,000 individuals and companies participating in the 1990
amnesty, only four were previously unknown to the state as being delinquent,
Thorson said. This year, about one-third of the tax delinquents reside in
Northern Virginia, accounting for 41 percent of back taxes, officials said.

About 2.5 million Virginians pay their taxes on time every year.

Thorson and other officials said this year's amnesty has added urgency, in part,
because of a new law making it a felony to defraud the tax department.
Delinquents who are eligible for amnesty but do not participate will be assessed
an additional 20 percent penalty and may have their federal refunds reduced to
pay their Virginia bills.

"Amnesty gives delinquent taxpayers opportunities to get a fresh start," Warner
said in a statement.

In Maryland, a spokesman for Comptroller William Donald Schaefer (D) said that
the state's most recent amnesty, in September and October 2001, yielded $ 39.4
million, up from $ 34.6 million in 1987, in the only other grace period for tax
delinquents.

Schaefer spokesman Michael D. Golden said that Maryland legislators had hoped
the 2001 amnesty would generate as much as $ 70 million, but the goal was not
met as the national economy turned sour. About 14,000 individuals paid $ 21.4
million in back taxes and interest during the 2001 amnesty.

In the District, Eric Balliet, a spokesman for the tax and revenue office, said
that a two-month business and excise tax amnesty in 1995 and a subsequent
property tax amnesty later that year generated $ 11.2 million; a three-month
amnesty in mid-1987 yielded just over $ 10 million.

The District has a year-round voluntary tax settlement program allowing
residents and companies to avoid civil penalties by paying back taxes, with
interest, Balliet said.

Virginia's tax amnesty will cost $ 7 million to administer, including $ 2
million for a statewide publicity campaign that features wry TV ads depicting
the pursuit of a chubby, panting taxpayer by a delinquency notice from the tax
department.

In one TV spot, the envelope on two legs calls after the fleeing scofflaw: "But
I know where you live!"

Thorson said the ad campaign was designed to "convey a message that this is
serious business -- but we don't want to come across as being brutal."

Details on Virginia tax amnesty eligibility are available at the Web site
www.VaTaxAmnesty.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 9, 1984, Thursday, Final Edition

Arlington Cracks Down on Delinquent Taxpayers;
County Nets $2.7 Million, 1 Congressman

BYLINE: By Anndee Hochman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C3

LENGTH: 532 words


A crackdown on delinquent taxpayers in Arlington County has netted the county
more than $2.7 million but has swamped court dockets and forced sheriff's
deputies to work weekends.

County Treasurer Frank O'Leary, a Democrat, said the crackdown shows that he is
fulfilling a campaign promise he made last fall. He then charged his Republican
predecessor with having allowed millions of dollars in county taxes to go
uncollected.

Arlington County has the highest combined rate of delinquent real estate and
personal property taxes in Northern Virginia, according to a county report
released last fall. Earlier this year O'Leary put the total amount overdue at $5
million.

O'Leary announced the crackdown this spring, focusing it on delinquent personal
property taxes, which are assessed largely on boats and automobiles.

Since then the Arlington General District Court docket has swelled to include
about 400 tax cases a week, according to court clerk Mary E. Lamanna.

Sheriff's deputies have served 6,500 warrants since April, according to Chief
Deputy Treasurer Kevin R. Appel. "They're working nights, they're working
weekends, they're working a lot," he said.

O'Leary said the effort has already decreased the delinquent tax rate and halved
the amount of delinquent personal property taxes owed the county since 1979. In
June of 1983, Arlington's delinquent tax rate was 8.3 percent, O'Leary said. By
June of this year, that rate had dropped to 6.5 percent.

So far, the crackdown has cost the county $15,000 in printing bills for court
warrants and rental fees for computer terminals, which are being used to cross
check the names of delinquent taxpayers with credit bureaus and the Virginia
Division of Motor Vehicles.

"Within the office, it hasn't cost anything except in blood, sweat and tears,"
O'Leary said. "It's been a relatively inexpensive program."

The largest owed were "in the $2,000 range," said deputy treasurer Appel. Most
were between $100 and $150. He said the treasurer's office went after the older
and larger cases first.

Among those caught in the crackdown was a member of Congress who, according to
O'Leary, "had been advised by his peers that he didn't have to pay personal
property taxes." The congressman, whom O'Leary would not identify, paid up after
the treasurer's office notified him. O'Leary said many members of Congress
living in Arlington do not realize they must obtain county decals for their cars
and pay county taxes on them.

Few of the citizens named on the court warrants ever appear in court, O'Leary
said. Many people pay after receiving initial notices from the treasurer's
office, and others default on their court appearances.

Others cannot be found at all. "Arlington does have a transient population. I
think what we're going to find in a lot of these cases is that the people aren't
there," Appel said.

State law allows five years for the collection of personal property taxes, so
those who owed taxes in 1979 will soon be on the safe side of the statute of
limitations.

"At some point, we're going to have to write them off," Appel said. "We'll never
retrieve all of it, but we're going to retrieve the bulk of it."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Frank O'Leary . . . "blood, sweat, and tears"

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 12, 1994

Life Insurance Delinquencies Drop Again

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 426 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


At the end of the second quarter, the number of delinquent mortgages owned by
life insurance companies fell to its second lowest point since March 1991,
according to data from the American Council of Life Insurance.

As of June 30, life company deliquencies represented 4.95% of the industry's
mortgage portfolio, down from 5.08% as of March 31, and 6.14% as of June 30,
1993.

Delinquencies peaked in the third quarter of 1992 at 7.12% before falling to
4.38% at the end of last year.

Mortgage account for 13% of life insurer's total assets, according to ACLI.

At the end of 1992 mortgages were 16% of total assets; by Dec. 31, 1993, they
slipped to 14% of total assets.

Nearly 93% of the mortgage portfolio consists of commercial mortgages; the
delinquency rate for these loans fell from 5.24% in the first quarter to 5.07%.

ACLI said that life company mortgage professionals are currently expressing
cautious optimism, as the economy grew by 3.8% in the second quarter while
inflation was stable.

"Property values have bottomed out or are rising slightly in many areas of the
country, as liquidity continues to improve.

"More borrowers are reaching into their pockets to bring delinquent loans
current or are obtaining financing to pay off their loans.

"With the outlook improving, more companies are actively seeking new commercial
mortgage business," ACLI said.

By region, only the Pacific states (5.57%) and the Mid-Atlantic states (6.68%)
showed an increase in delinquencies, of 34 basis points and 30 basis points
respectively.

The Pacific region, once among the lowest in delinquencies, now is the third
highest behind New England and the Mid-Atlantic states.

ACLI said that "while delinquencies continue to trend higher in the Pacific
region, the California economy is showing signs of climbing out of its
recession."

Residential mortgages, which make up just 3% of industry holdings, fell from
3.34% in the first quarter (which was their all-time high), to 2.75%.

On the other hand agricultural mortgages (4% of the total) increased from 2.78%
in the first quarter to 3.77%.

However, ACLI said this increase can be attributed to one large agribusiness
loan that went delinquent during the quarter.

The life insurance industry has $ 190.2 billion in loans outstanding, of which $
9.4 billion are delinquent.

By type; commercial, $ 176.5 billion outstanding, $ 8.9 billion delinquent;
agricultural, $ 8.7 billion outstanding, $ 327.6 million delinquent; residential
$ 5.0 billion outstanding, $ 137.5 million delinquent.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, Life Co. Delinquencies Improve in 2Q, The percentage of
delinquent mortgages owned by life insurers decreased 13 bp during the second
quarter to 4.95%, from 5.08% as of March 31.  This improvement was driven by a
17 bp drop in commercial delinquencies.  Commercial mortgages account for 93% of
life co. holdings, Source: ACLI

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             August 17, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Investors grab tax bills

BYLINE: KRISTA KLAUS, kklaus@wfla.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 326 words


Hillsborough to recover $115 million in "lost" funds.

By KRISTA KLAUS

kklaus@wfla.com

TAMPA - Hillsborough County expects to recover $115 million in potential lost
revenue through investors' purchases of delinquent property tax certificates.

That means Hillsborough recouped about 85 percent of its delinquent tax bill,
one of the highest rates of recovery in the state.

That's important this year. With home foreclosures in free fall, the number of
properties where owners failed to pay their taxes is high.

More than 46,000 properties appeared on the delinquent tax list issued by the
county April 1.

The certificates were purchased online through a bidding process. The lowest bid
is awarded the certificate.

In return, investors hold a lien on the property that must be paid off with
interest.

For the first time in several years, institutional investors hard hit by the
banking crisis didn't snap up the majority of the certificates. Rather,
mom-and-pop investors did, the tax collector's office said.

And in some cases, they made out like bandits.

They will average 9.2 percent interest on their purchase of certificates from
the county. Investors are guaranteed a return of 5 percent and can receive up to
18 percent.

If no one pays the tax on a property by 22 months after the sale, the
certificate holder can foreclose on the property. But eventually, most property
owners pay.

Here's how other Bay area counties fared in selling this year's delinquent tax
certificates: Pinellas, 94 percent; Sarasota, 75 percent; Pasco, 74 percent;
Manatee, 64 percent; Polk, 53 percent; and Hernando, 52 percent.

The highest rates in the state were Broward County, 99 percent, and Miami-Dade
County, 97 percent. The lowest rates were in Highlands County, 16 percent, and
Hendry County, 19 percent.

News Channel 8 reporter Krista Klaus can be reached at (813) 225-3736.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                            October 29, 2012 Monday

Memphis May Not Renew Contract With Embattled Collection Agency

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - DEALS & PRICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 295  words


The city of Memphis, Tenn. likely will end its relationship with Texas-based
Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson as the collection agency deals with a
class-action lawsuit in the city that could cost it millions of dollars.

Linebarger has collected an estimated $190 million for the city since 2004. The
agency's contract expires Dec. 31.City officials would not elaborate on how many
proposals for delinquent tax collection the city is reviewing, and would not
explain specifically why the city did not want to renew Linebarger's contract.
Linebarger officials were unavailable for comment.Sources said the city's Legal
Division received multiple proposals for the tax-collecting contract, including
one from Linebarger, and that city officials interviewed some vendors that
submitted proposals last week. Â Linebarger's primary target in Memphis has been
delinquent property taxes on homes and businesses. The debts must be 17 months
past due before the city turns them over to the firm. Under the contract, the
city does not pay Linebarger any direct fees and the firm makes its money by
charging debtors fees in addition to the taxes owed.The fees charged by
Linebarger have drawn multiple lawsuits, including the ongoing class-action suit
that could impact as many as 60,000 people. That case surrounds the
interpretation of two Tennessee statutes that provide for additional charges
against delinquent taxpayers when they have to be sued. At issue is whether
Linebarger can charge a 10 percent or 20 percent fee for collecting delinquent
property taxes on homes and businesses.Linebarger won a professional services
contract, which did not require a bid process or council approval, from former
Memphis mayor Willie Herenton in 2004 to collect delinquent city taxes.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

Allowing quarterly payment of real and personal property taxes

LENGTH: 588  words

DATELINE: New York



 Charleston: The State of West Virginia has issued the following bill status:
 LAST ACTION:     H To House Judiciary 01/13/16

 SUMMARY:     Allowing quarterly payment of real and personal property taxes

 LEAD SPONSOR:     Caputo

 SPONSORS:     Manchin, Longstreth
 West Virginia Legislature



 2016 Regular Session



 Introduced



 House Bill 2076



 2015 Carryover



 (By Delegates Caputo, Manchin and Longstreth)





 [Introduced January 13, 2016; referred to the



 Committee on the Judiciary then Finance.]



















 A BILL to amend and reenact §11Aâ[#x20ac]'1â[#x20ac]'3 of the Code of West
Virginia, 1931, as amended, relating to allowing quarterly payment of real and
personal property taxes.



 Be it enacted by the Legislature of West Virginia:



 That §11Aâ[#x20ac]'1â[#x20ac]'3 of the Code of West Virginia, 1931, as amended,
be amended and reenacted to read as follows:



 ARTICLE 1.  ACCRUAL AND COLLECTION OF TAXES.



 §11Aâ[#x20ac]'1â[#x20ac]'3.  Accrual; time for payment; interest on delinquent
taxes.



 (a) All current taxes assessed on real and personal property may be paid in two
installments.  The first installment shall be is payable on September 1 of the
year for which the assessment is made and shall become becomes delinquent on
October 1; the second installment shall be is payable on the first day of the
following March 1 and shall become becomes delinquent on April 1.  Taxes paid on
or before the date when they are payable, including both first and second
installments or quarterly installments, shall be are subject to a discount of
two and oneâ[#x20ac]'half percent.  If taxes are not paid on or before the date
on which they become delinquent, including both first and second installments or
quarterly installments, interest at the rate of nine percent per annum shall be
added from the date they become delinquent until paid.  Beginning July 1, 2015,
current taxes assessed on real and personal property may be paid in quarterly
installments: (1) The first quarterly installment is payable on September 1 of
the year for which the assessment is made and becomes delinquent on October 1;
(2) the second quarterly installment is payable on the following January 1 and
becomes delinquent on February 1; (3) the third installment is payable on the
following March 1 and becomes delinquent on April 1; and (4) the fourth
installment is payable on the following August 1 and becomes delinquent on
September 1.



 (b) With regard to real and personal property taxes, when any return, claim,
statement or other document is required to be filed or any payment is required
to be made within a prescribed period or before a prescribed date and the
applicable law requires delivery to the office of the sheriff of a county of
this state, the methods prescribed in §11â[#x20ac]'10â[#x20ac]'5f section
fiveâ[#x20ac]'f, article ten, chapter eleven of this code for timely filing and
payment to the Tax Commissioner or Department of tax and Revenue shall be the
same methods utilized used for timely filing and payment with such the sheriff.
Nothing contained in this subsection (b) shall prohibit prohibits the sheriff
from establishing additional methods of payment in accordance with the
provisions of section eightâ[#x20ac]'a of this article.











 NOTE: The purpose of this bill is to allow quarterly payment of real and
personal property taxes.







 Strikeâ[#x20ac]'throughs indicate language that would be stricken from the
present law and underscoring indicates new language that would be added.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            November 11, 2005 Friday

Interstate cooperation should aid children in support cases

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 289 words


A new pact between Illinois and Iowa to go after parents delinquent in child
support might have little direct impact in McLean County.

But society will benefit by the increased collection rates likely to result from
such cooperation.

Delinquent child support payments can result in families going on welfare --
which costs all of us.

Most important, children will benefit if their parents receive the money needed
for their care.

Todd Miller, an assistant McLean County state's attorney in the child support
division, said very few cases in McLean County involve delinquent parents who
have moved to Iowa.

However, statewide, about 12.3 percent of child-support cases involved
out-of-state parents and they account for about 22 percent of the money owed.

Federal law provides tools for going after delinquent parents who leave a state
in an attempt to avoid their financial obligations to their children. But
Illinois officials say the interstate pact will provide a closer working
relationship.

That seems to be the case with a similar agreement between Iowa and Nebraska.
Since opening an office in Omaha, Neb., Iowa has seen its on-time collections
and total child support payments increase by several percentage points. We hope
the Iowa-Illinois initiative results in similar success. An office was opened
last month in the Quad Cities staffed jointly by Illinois and Iowa.

Illinois is pursuing a similar agreement with Wisconsin. Eventually, Illinois
officials would like to collaborate with all our neighbors in pursuing parents.
That's a good idea.

But state officials also should keep records of whether the increased child
support collections merit having special offices and whether an initial boost in
collections is sustained.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 25, 2012 Tuesday

McAllen ISD keeps Perdue for delinquent tax collection

BYLINE: Andrew Kreighbaum, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


Sept. 25--McAllen school board trustees opted Monday to retain the firm of
Perdue Brandon Fielder Collins and Mott LLP as the district's delinquent tax
collection firm, accepting a staff recommendation.

Only one other firm out of 40 approached by the district, Linebarger Goggan
Blair and Sampson LLP, had responded to a request for proposals.

Linebarger, a national firm that handles delinquent tax collection contract for
public entities across the state, had held the contract from 1992 until 2009
when the contract was awarded to Perdue in association with the law office of
former Hidalgo Mayor John David Franz.

A five-member staff committee recommended going with Perdue again after a Sept.
12 evaluation meeting.

But Monday, after the item was brought up, board Vice President Erica De La
Garza moved to award the contract to Linebarger.

Both De la Garza and trustee Sam Salvidar Jr. questioned whether the incumbent
firm was meeting collection goals included in its contract with the district.

Perdue's contract included collection goals of 48 percent for the 2010-11 budget
year and 45 percent for the 2011-12.

Connie Lopez, assistant superintendent for business operations, told trustees
the firm had not met those goals, which are not contractually binding.

Perdue collected about $4 million in delinquent taxes in 2010-11 and $3.4
million in 2011-12.

Staff considered the delinquent tax collection performance compared to other
districts as well as documents submitted by the firm and overall presentations
during the interview process.

"It was close," Lopez told The Monitor.

The board voted 5-2 to keep Perdue, with De La Garza and Saldivar the only
dissenting votes.

Lucy Canales, managing partner at Linebarger, said she was disappointed in the
board's decision considering significant declines in delinquent taxes collected
for the district during the last two years.

"I, of course, believe that our law firm was the better qualified firm but
respect the decision of the board," she said.

Perdue partner Hiram Gutierrez said those declines were a result of shrinking
delinquent tax rolls.

"We're very grateful for the opportunity to continue serving the McAllen school
district," he said. "We believe we've been working very hard and doing well for
the school district. I think the majority of the board has shown today
confidence in us."

The firm receives 15 percent of all delinquent taxes, including interest and
penalties, collected for the school district.

The two firms had also competed earlier this year for the City of Hidalgo
delinquent tax contract, which was awarded to Linebarger in January.

Those discussions were marked by questions raised by political rivals of Franz,
who stepped down as mayor the following month, over his relationship with
Perdue. While the firm has a joint venture agreement with Franz for other taxing
entities, representatives said it did not include the City of Hidalgo.

Andrew Kreighbaum covers education and general assignments for The Monitor. He
may be reached at andrew@themonitor.com or (956) 683-4472.

TWITTER

Follow Andrew Kreighbaum on Twitter: @akreighbaum

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120925-MC-McAllen-ISD-keeps-Perdue-for-delinquent
-tax-collection-0925-20120925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

41% OF FLORIDIANS HAVE DELINQUENT DEBT

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 385 words



HIGHLIGHT: That tops the national figure of 35 percent who have accounts in
collections.


More than 35 percent of Americans have debts and unpaid bills that have been
reported to collection agencies, and that number is even higher across much of
the South, in Florida and in the Tampa Bay metro area, according to a study
released Tuesday by the Urban Institute.

Eleven Southern states plus Nevada and the District of Columbia top the list of
past-due-debt states, all reporting more than 40 percent of their populations
with a credit file reporting debt in collections. Statewide, Florida had 41
percent with delinquent debt, with some of the highest delinquencies appearing
in metropolitan Lakeland (47.3 percent), Jacksonville (45 percent), Orlando
(44.8 percent) and Tampa Bay (41.6 percent).

These consumers fall behind on credit cards or hospital bills. Their mortgages,
auto loans or student debt pile up. Even past-due gym membership fees or
cellphone contracts can end up with a collection agency, potentially hurting
credit scores and job prospects, said Caroline Ratcliffe, a senior fellow at the
Urban Institute, a Washington public policy think tank.

"Roughly, every third person you pass on the street is going to have debt in
collections," Ratcliffe said. "It can tip employers' hiring decisions, or
whether or not you get that apartment."

The "Delinquent Debt in America" study indicates that the share of Americans in
collections has remained relatively constant, even as the country as a whole has
whittled down the size of its credit card debt since the official end of the
Great Recession in the middle of 2009. The study found that 35.1 percent of
people nationwide with credit records had been reported to collections for debt
that averaged $5,178, based on September 2013 records.

The average debt in collections in the Tampa Bay area was higher at $6,287.

Ratcliffe said that stagnant incomes are key to why some parts of the country
are struggling to repay their debt.

Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.

* * *

Most, least delinquent debt in U.S., by metropolitan area

Most

Metro area................Percentage

1. McAllen, Texas..........51.7

2. Las Vegas.................49.2

3. Lakeland...................47.3

Least

1. Minneapolis-St. Paul...20.1

2. Honolulu...................21.0

3. Boston......................22.4

Source: Urban Institute "Delinquent Debt in America"

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 8, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
CALIFORNIA FEDERAL REDUCES LEVEL OF DELINQUENT ASSETS

BYLINE: Bloomberg Business News

SECTION: Section D;  Page 3;  Column 1;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 107 words


California Federal Bank said yesterday that it had sold $439 million in
performing and delinquent property loans and properties, the third selloff by
the institution since April. California Federal did not disclose the price. The
sale is part of a plan to reduce the Los Angeles savings bank's delinquent
loans. In May, California Federal agreed to sell $350 million worth of
performing and delinquent income-producing properties to Argo Partnership L.P.,
after selling $231 million in assets in April. With the three sales, California
Federal has cut its delinquent assets to 2 percent of total assets, which is in
line with the industry.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Hidalgo hires Linebarger for delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Dave Hendricks, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


Jan. 25--HIDALGO -- The City Council hired law firm Linebarger Goggan Blair and
Sampson on Tuesday night to collect Hidalgo's delinquent property taxes.

The unanimous decision to hire Linebarger -- a major player in the lucrative and
highly political delinquent tax collection business -- came after controversy
over Mayor John David Franz's connection to rival firm Perdue Brandon Fielder
Collins and Mott, which collected the city's delinquent taxes last year.

Mayor Franz did not attend the meeting.

While the mayor's eponymous law firm has a joint venture agreement with Perdue
Brandon, that agreement doesn't cover the city contract. Nevertheless, the
mayor's uncle, longtime Hidalgo power broker Rudy Franz, had raised questions
about whether Mayor Franz would use his allies on the City Council -- including
his mother, Siglinde Franz -- to ensure Perdue Brandon kept the contract.

The furor reached a fever pitch on Jan. 10, when Linebarger attorneys arrived at
City Hall for the regularly scheduled meeting, only to find out elected
officials had canceled it for lack of quorum. Attorneys from Perdue Brandon,
apparently aware the meeting had been called off, didn't show up.

Asked for an interview, Perdue Brandon released a statement.

"While Perdue Brandon has a joint venture agreement with the Law Office of John
David Franz in the delinquent tax area, it is for the representation of other
taxing entities, not the City of Hidalgo. That has always been the case and will
remain that way," reads the statement. "Therefore, Perdue Brandon does not have
a conflict of interest representing the City of Hidalgo."

Both Linebarger and Perdue Brandon offered to collect Hidalgo's delinquent taxes
in exchange for a 15 percent cut of tax, penalties and interest actually
collected.

Perdue Brandon touted its nearly 44 percent collection rate during the past
year, and told Hidalgo Finance Director Xavier Moron in a letter that the firm
"knows the City of Hidalgo and your taxpayers." Perdue Brandon warned that the
Hidalgo Independent School District had experienced a lower year-to-date
collection rate for delinquent taxes after picking another firm.

The Hidalgo school district is controlled by Mayor Franz's rivals, and the
decision to switch delinquent tax collection firms was widely seen as a
political move.

Linebarger also submitted a letter detailing its experience and work with local
taxing entities, including McAllen and the Pharr-San Juan-Alamo school district.

Dave Hendricks covers McAllen and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at dhendricks@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4452.

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120125-MC-Hidalgo-hires-Linebarger-for-delinquent-taxes-0125-20120125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dispatch (Gilroy, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

BRIEF: Delinquent trash accounts on Monday's council agenda

BYLINE: Carly Gelsinger, The Gilroy Dispatch, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 214 words


June 15--During City Council's regular June 18 meeting, Recology South Valley,
Gilroy's exclusive trash-collecting company, will ask permission to send 168
delinquent Gilroy homeowner accounts to the County Auditor to place liens on
their properties.

The total amount in delinquent funds from Gilroy homeowners is $47,000. A
warning letter was sent out to homeowners who have outstanding Recology bills on
May 2, with a final payment deadline of June 15.

Also on Monday's agenda:

Council plans to vote on passing a $5,000 budget amendment to perform a
structural analysis at the interim Center for the Arts at 7341 Monterey St. and
provide an estimate on how much upgrades such as fire safety and structural
retrofitting would cost.

Council will also vote to appoint one member to an unexpired seat on the library
commission. Two applications were received for the seat.

The five-member library commission serves as an advisory and liaison body to the
Gilroy City Council, the City staff and Community Librarian on matters
concerning the Gilroy Library.

Monday's council meeting starts at 6 p.m. in Council Chambers, 7351 Rosanna St.

___ (c)2012 The Gilroy Dispatch (Gilroy, Calif.) Visit The Gilroy Dispatch
(Gilroy, Calif.) at www.gilroydispatch.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120615-GI-BRF-Delinquent
-trash-accounts-on-Monday-s-council-agenda-20120615

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GI


                          Copyright 2012 The Dispatch


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 13, 2012 Wednesday

County sells 20 tax-delinquent properties

BYLINE: The Brownsville Herald, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 237 words


June 13--Twenty properties were sold recently for a total of $302,922 to recover
back taxes, Cameron County Tax Assessor-Collector Tony Yzaguirre said.

The 20 properties were in a group of 68 recently offered for sale to recover
$750,000 in delinquent property taxes, he said.

Another 17 properties were struck from the list because no bids were received,
he said.

The remaining 31 properties were pulled from the tax sale when payment
arrangements were made with the county or the Linebarger law firm before the
sale, Yzaguirre said.

The next property tax sale is scheduled for September.

"To date, we have approximately 74 properties that will be posted for that
sale," he said. "I cannot stress how important it is to contact our office or
the law firm office to make payment arrangements before a delinquent tax lawsuit
is filed or before getting to the tax sale stage."

By making these arrangements, Yzaguirre said, property owners who are delinquent
on their taxes can preclude additional costs of penalties, interest and legal
fees.

He said his office is willing to work with property owners.

"But to be fair to the citizens of our county that pay their fair share, we
can't ignore those taxpayers who simply refuse to pay their taxes," Yzaguirre
added.

___ (c)2012 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120613-BV-County-sells-20-tax-delinquent-properties-0613-20120613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2012 The Brownsville Herald


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 14, 2011 Monday

Valley View looks into financial option on tax delinquents

BYLINE: Caitlin Heaney, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Feb. 14--The Valley View School District might not need the financial help right
now, but it nevertheless is looking into a program that could provide it with
money in the future.

At the school board's work session last week, district officials heard from a
representative of Municipal Revenue Service about buying the delinquent taxes
owed to the district.

"We're just in the initial stages of it," district business manager Corey
Castellani said. "We have to look into it, and we have some questions about it
and everything."

Superintendent Joseph Daley pointed out that the company neither collects taxes
nor is "tacking dollars on top of the existing cost." Rather, it buys delinquent
taxes owed to municipalities and school districts, providing those groups with
the money owed to them.

When the county collects those taxes, Mr. Castellani said, the money is paid to
the company.

Valley View is owed about $2.6 million in delinquent taxes, some of which go
back as far as 1993, Mr. Daley said.

"After a while, we have to at least start looking into what are our options," he
said.

Mr. Castellani said the district did not seek out the company, and it does not
necessarily need the service right now since it has a healthy fund balance. But
it is looking into it nevertheless.

There is "no better time to explore it than when you don't need it," Mr. Daley
said.

"It's just a matter of making sure everything is lined up and available should
we need it," he said.

And the district probably will not make a decision before Gov. Tom Corbett
addresses questions about education funding next month, Mr. Daley noted.

In the meantime, Mr. Castellani is speaking with other schools with which the
company has worked so it can "make the proper decision for Valley View."

"We have to sit down and talk about it," he said. "As of right now, we're in
pretty good shape. That will probably factor into our decision."

Contact the writer: cheaney@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110214-YT-Valley-View-looks-into-financial-option-on-tax-delinquents
-0214-20110214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 21, 2009 Wednesday

Refunds pending to account holders overcharged for delinquent property taxes

BYLINE: Jennifer L. Berghom, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 639 words


Oct. 21--Some McAllen school district taxpayers paid a little more than they had
to this year. But the district and the law firm it contracted to collect
delinquent taxes said they are working on giving out refunds.

In total, about 1,200 delinquent account holders overpaid to the tune of more
than $78,000, according to the school system and representatives of Linebarger,
Goggan, Blair & Sampson, the firm hired to collect from the late payers. The
national law firm has an office in Edinburg.

Both the district and the law firm said the overcharge resulted from
miscommunication among the school system, Linebarger and the Hidalgo County Tax
Assessor/Collector's Office.

The school district contracts with the county's tax assessor/collector to
calculate how much money needs to be recouped. The district also contracts with
the law firm, which then does the legwork to collect those delinquent taxes.

The law firm is paid though the legal fees that are included in the collection
of delinquent taxes. Since 2004, the firm had received a 20 percent fee, but in
October last year the school board voted to reduce it to 15 percent.

District residents who were delinquent on their 2008 taxes, therefore, should
have been charged a 15 percent legal fee. Instead, those who made late payments
between July 1 and Oct. 13 were charged a 20 percent fee because the county was
not made aware of the change.

The overpayment came to light at the school board's meeting on Oct. 13 when
board members were deciding whether to renew the district's contract with
Linebarger or sign on with a new firm, Perdue, Brandon, Fielder, Collins and
Mott, which is in a partnership with attorney John David Franz, the mayor of
Hidalgo.

Franz said his partners discovered the other firm's overcharge when it was
preparing to bid for the contract and that it disclosed that information at the
school board meeting.

The board originally voted at the Oct. 13 meeting to renew its contract with
Linebarger, but at a special called meeting Monday, the panel decided to rescind
that vote, determine how the miscommunication occurred and interview the firms
again.

Linebarger representatives said at the meeting Monday that they did not realize
the county had assessed the delinquent tax charges using the 20 percent fee and
gave the district a check for the overcharge plus interest so that it could
reimburse its taxpayers.

"The goal is to get the money back (to taxpayers) as quickly as possible," Joe
Householder, a spokesman for the Linebarger firm, said in a telephone interview
Tuesday.

But the school system remains in limbo as to who will collect its delinquent
taxes come Nov. 1. Its contract with Linebarger expires Oct. 31 and the board
members remain in a 3-3 deadlock. Board Trustee Danny Vela abstained from voting
at both meetings and from related discussions.

The board plans to revisit the issue on Oct. 26. McAllen School Board President
Richard Moore said Tuesday he has asked the board's attorney to see if any other
avenues can be taken to resolve the issue should the panel fail to reach a
majority vote.

"This is the first time the board is locked and I'm struggling with it," Moore
said. "We can't sit on the fence forever."

Next week's meeting will be at 1 p.m. at the Staff Development Center at Lamar
Academy, 1009 N. 10th St.

Jennifer L. Berghom covers education and general assignments for The Monitor.
She can be reached at (956) 683-4462.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091021-MC-Refunds-pending-to-account-holders-overcharged-for-
delinquent-property-taxes-1021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2009 The Monitor


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 5, 2015 Saturday

Local tax collection firm in midst of Allentown scandal

BYLINE: Borys Krawczeniuk, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 753 words


Dec. 05--An official for the firm that collects delinquent real estate taxes for
Scranton and Luzerne County denied the company did anything wrong to gain a
contract that is a focus of an FBI investigation of Allentown city government.

Company officials were unaware of Allentown's process in awarding a delinquent
real estate tax collection contract, said Sean Shamany, treasurer and half-owner
of Wilkes-Barre-based Northeast Revenue.

"We always operate with the highest ethical standards," Mr. Shamany said.

He said Northeast Revenue is not a target of the investigation and local
officials don't have to worry about whether the firm can continue to collect
delinquent taxes. Neither Northeast Revenue nor any of its officials have been
charged.

A call to Mayor Bill Courtright was returned by city solicitor Jason Shrive, who
said the city would have no comment on the matter because of the criminal
investigation.

"As you know, Northeast Revenue ... has been a vendor of the City of Scranton
for some time, starting years before Mayor Courtright's administration," Mr.
Shrive wrote in an email. "During Mayor Courtright's tenure, (Northeast) has
always done the city's collections in a professional manner."

Efforts to reach Luzerne County manager Robert Lawton were unsuccessful.

On Monday, federal prosecutors in Philadelphia filed a criminal information
against Dale Wiles, Allentown's former assistant city solicitor, charging him
with conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud. Mr. Wiles pleaded guilty to the
charges.

The information says Mr. Wiles was one of several officials who manipulated
Allentown's contract-awarding process in 2013 and 2014 to ensure the contract
for collecting delinquent Allentown real estate taxes went to donors to the
campaigns of someone named in the information only as Public Official No. 3.

The information says Public Official No. 3 had the power to decide Allentown's
contracts and "aspired to win election to a statewide elective office."

The only person who matches that description is Allentown Mayor Ed Pawlowski,
who ran briefly for governor in 2013 and 2014, and the U.S. Senate for three
months earlier this year. Efforts to reach Mr. Pawlowski were unsuccessful.

Public Official No. 3 fixed the process to ensure the contract to collect
delinquent property taxes went to Northeast Revenue and Friedman Schuman, a
Montgomery County law firm, which teamed up on their proposal, according to the
information.

In the information, Northeast and Friedman are known only as "the Partnership,"
but are identifiable because they received the contract.

Public Official No. 3 did that because he was unhappy with campaign
contributions from the city's existing delinquent tax collector and said he
would measure future contract awards by contributions, according to the
information.

The mayor got campaign contributions from the Pennsylvania Liberty Fund, a
political action committee organized and heavily funded by Friedman Schuman
officials. The fund gave $5,000 as the contract was being decided in late 2013
and $10,000 more in 2014 afterward.

Though no one at Northeast gave directly to the mayor's committees, three of its
officials -- Mr. Shamany, company president John P. Rodgers, and company
official Daryl Boich -- gave $20,000 total to the liberty fund as Allentown was
deciding on the contract. Mr. Rodgers, Northeast's other half-owner, gave
$14,000 with $10,000 as the contract was being awarded, and Mr. Boich and Mr.
Shamany gave $3,000 each.

In an interview, Mr. Rodgers denied contributing as part of a pay-to-play
scheme. He referred further questions to Mr. Shamany, who, he said, runs
Northeast Revenue's day-to-day operations. Mr. Shamany denied company officials
contributed to get the contract and denied anyone asked them to contribute in
exchange for it.

"There was no quid pro quo," Mr. Shamany said.

So far, federal prosecutors have not charged anyone with contributing to get the
contract or anyone with asking for contributions in its award, though the
information mentions the Partnership's contributions to Public Official No. 3's
campaigns.

Mr. Shamany said the fund gave to many officials, Republican and Democratic,
across the state.

"We felt we could take the politics out of our hands and allow the PAC to handle
donations to different politicians," he said.

Contact the writer:

bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151205-YT-Local-tax-collection-firm-in-midst-of-Allentown-scandal-1205-2015120
5

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Decatur seeking delinquent taxpayers

BYLINE: Evan Belanger, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


Sept. 21--Delinquent taxpayers beware, the city of Decatur is looking for you.

The City Council voted Monday to hire Revenue Discovery Systems of Birmingham to
assist the city in identifying and collecting delinquent taxes from companies
and individuals that have done business in Decatur without purchasing a business
license.

Revenue Administrator Tina Boyles said the company will compare a database of
business records to the city tax records to detect those who have operated in
the city without a business within the past three years.

The first letters seeking payment of back taxes will be mailed within three to
four weeks, she said.

The contract comes as part of Mayor Don Stanford's proposed budget for fiscal
2011, which predicts an additional $250,000 in revenue next year from the
back-tax payments. Boyles predicted most of the culprits would be companies that
deliver their own products in Decatur without purchasing a required business
license.

Only Councilman Billy Jackson voted against the measure.

During discussion, he said the Revenue Department should be doing the work on
its own.

Boyles said the Revenue Department does not have access to the same database
information that RDS does.

Under the three-year agreement, RDS will keep 50 percent of the revenue it
collects for the city. Boyles said the city will take 100 percent of the revenue
once those businesses begin renewing their licenses next year.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2010, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100921-DD-Decatur-seeking-delinquent-taxpayers-0921-20100921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2010 The Decatur Daily


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday

One last chance: County to sue more than 100 tax delinquents Friday

BYLINE: Laura B. Martinez, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 355 words


Jan. 25--January 25, 22007 --

Cameron County taxpayers delinquent on their county, school and city taxes will
soon be the defendants in lawsuits the county plans to file against them on
Friday.

The county will sue 105 individuals and businesses that have failed to pay an
estimated $868,884.92 in delinquent taxes from 2005 and earlier, officials said.

The taxing jurisdictions seeking unpaid taxes are in Brownsville, Harlingen, La
Feria, Los Fresnos, Port Isabel, Rio Hondo, San Benito, Santa Rosa and Santa
Maria.

Approximately $140,879.29 of the amount is owned to Cameron County alone.

County Tax Assessor-Collector Tony Yzaguirre Jr. said 61 of the defendants are
personal property owners, while the remaining 44 deal with real or business
property taxes.

"The vast majority of Cameron County taxpayers pay what they owe on time and in
full," Yzaguirre said in a press release. "It is unfair to them when others who
know their taxes are due refuse to do anything about it.

Joe Householder, with Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson, which has a contract
with the county to collect unpaid taxes, said the delinquent taxpayers have
received at least four notices or more regarding their status.

The law firm sends delinquent notices and conducts research before it files the
lawsuits, he said.

The names of individuals and businesses that are delinquent and are being sued
will be made public at 11 a.m., after the lawsuits become public record.

"If they want to avoid litigation they need to take care of it before 11 a.m.
Friday,'" Householder said.

Yzaguirre said if any individuals wish to pay or settle their debts, they should
contact either him or the law firm of Linebarger Googan Blair & Sampson.

Ad valorem taxes for 2006 are due by Jan. 31. After this date, they are
considered delinquent.

lmartinez@brownsvilleherald.com

Copyright (c) 2007, The Brownsville Herald, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070125-BV-0125-One-last-chance

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2007 The Brownsville Herald


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 20, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CROWD OF DELINQUENT TAXPAYERS EXPECTED

BYLINE: Ralph Dummit Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 432 words


Delinquent taxpayers are expected to crowd the windows at the St. Charles County
collector's office today to avoid having their property auctioned off at an
annual tax sale on Monday.  Friday will be the last full day taxpayers have to
square away their real estate tax accounts before the properties go on the
block.  "We expect a lot of action," said Barbara J. Walker, the county
collector.  The owners of more than 800 properties were identified late last
month as being delinquent for two years or more in the payment of their real
estate taxes. After the publication of that list, the property owners started
paying, and the list shrank by Thursday afternoon to 647.  The original list of
delinquent accounts totaled $3.41 million. So far, delinquent payments have
amounted to $2.35 million. That leaves a little over $1 million unpaid. "We're
coming along," Walker said.  Much of the uncollected balance consists of
interest and penalties on the late taxes, Walker said.  One of the largest
outstanding accounts is for delinquent taxes on 343 condo units owned by Cedar
Ridge Associates at Lake Saint Louis. The taxes owed on each unit range from
$797 to $986. The owners of Cedar Ridge owe about $330,000, Walker said.  Walker
said that collecting delinquent taxes and making arrangements to auction off the
properties for which taxes have not been paid is one of the more troublesome
tasks of her job as collector.  "It seems like every year it gets a little more
complicated," she said. For example, Walker said late Thursday that a delinquent
taxpayer had called to say that he lived in the flood plain and had received an
insurance check for flood damage. The man asked Walker if he could sign the
insurance check over to her as payment of his taxes. "I had to tell him that we
just can't do that," she said.  Taxes on property scheduled for the auction must
be paid by certified check, money order or cash.  The collector expects many of
the delinquent tax bills to be paid today and right up to the 11 a.m. deadline
on Monday. The collector's office will be open from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. today on
the lower level of the county Administration Building, 118 North Second Street,
St. Charles.  "We expect to have people coming right at 5 p.m. Friday," Walker
said. And Monday morning will be busy, too." Before starting the auction at 11
a.m. Monday on the west steps of the courthouse, Walker said, "I'll make a phone
call down the hill," to see if any last-minute taxpayers have met the deadline.
"We don't want to sell something that's already been paid," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 14, 2011 Monday

Fell lowers delinquent sewer bills

BYLINE: Caitlin Heaney, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


Feb. 14--Fell Twp. has started a forgiveness program for residents on its sewer
system who owe delinquent payments.

"We're going to give the people 50 percent off as long as they pay the other 50
percent," Supervisor Ron Cosklo said. "There's too many people that are really
hurting."

Of the approximately 650 people billed, about 90 are delinquent, Mr. Cosklo
said. He attributed some of the delinquencies to the fact that there are older
residents in the area living on Social Security who "don't have this kind of
money."

The forgiveness program only applies to people hooked up to the Simpson Sewer
System. Residents who choose to participate will be required to start making
their quarterly payments or else forfeit the 50 percent reduction, Mr. Cosklo
said.

The 50 percent residents can pay will go into the Simpson Sewer Fund, the $2.6
million low-interest, state loan the township took out from the Pennsylvania
Infrastructure Investment Authority, or Pennvest, to install sewers in Simpson
in 1992-93. That project cost $2.8 million.

The township still owes about $750,000 toward the loan and must pay
approximately $8,600 at minimum per quarter toward that amount. Usually enough
residents pay their sewer bills to cover that amount, Mr. Cosklo said, but the
township would have to pay any remaining amount owed if it were short.

Sewer bills for residents hooked up to the Simpson system cover not only their
service but also help pay back the state loan, the "Simpson Sewer Fund." Per
quarter, residents there pay $38 to the fund and $60 to the Lackawanna River
Basin Sewer Authority.

Mr. Cosklo expects the new program might encourage people to start paying again
and also increase the rate at which the township pays off the state loan. The
forgiveness program also will benefit people who diligently paid their sewer
bills each quarter because more payments coming in will reduce the amount of
time it takes for the township to pay off the loan.

The long-term loan is a "major expense," township solicitor Joseph O'Brien said.

"If the loan were all paid off, the sewer rates would certainly go down
substantially," he said.

Contact the writer: cheaney@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110214-YT-Fell-lowers-delinquent-sewer-bills-0214-20110214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                          December 29, 2010 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Office plans to send out new warning;
Nonpayment would result in lien on property

BYLINE: By Sylvia Cooper < Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 375 words


If your 2010 property taxes still haven't been paid, expect to hear from the
Richmond County Tax Office next week.

Tax Commissioner Steven Kendrick's office will mail 12,000 letters Friday,
giving taxpayers 30 days to pay, or the tax office will place liens on their
properties.

A 10 percent penalty was placed on delinquent property taxes after the Dec. 20
deadline.

Meanwhile, 12 of the 15 biggest delinquent property tax bills listed in recent
Augusta Chronicle articles have been paid.

The largest delinquent account and three others were paid this month before
penalties went into effect.

National Hills Exchange paid $143,716.95 in taxes for National Hills shopping
center at 2701 Washington Road on Dec. 7, settling the top delinquent account.
Others that paid before the penalty deadline:

USPG Portfolio One LLC paid $61,179.69 for a portion of Walmart, 590 Bobby Jones
Expressway, on Dec. 8.

Purohit & Associates LLC paid $59,617.59 for Staybridge Hotel, Center West
Parkway, on Dec. 20.

Finnchem USA Inc., Huron Tech paid $58,348.12 for Huron Tech chemical, 2360 Doug
Barnard Parkway, on Dec. 10.

Those on the original list of top tax bills that still haven't been paid are:

RDC Properties LLC, $102,073.75 in taxes, penalty and interest for the Sun Trust
Building at 801 Broad St.

RDC Properties LLC, $77,605.92 in taxes, penalty and interest for the Lamar
Building, 753 Broad St.

Cascades Pointe at Augusta, $43,765.21 in taxes, penalty and interest for
College Station Apartments, 3105 Wrightsboro Road.

Since the first article listing the 15 biggest delinquent property tax bills was
published Nov. 27, the following accounts have been paid:

$108,876.64 on the Sam's building at 596 Bobby Jones Expressway

$92,525.62 for Iron Horse Apartments on Stevens Creek Road

$82,895.62 on the Walmart building at 594 Bobby Jones Expressway

$63,761.28 for Spicewood Apartments on Wheeler Road

$35,867.01 on Thornberry Apartments at 3204 Skinner Mill Road

$48,475.37 for Comfort Inn, 1455 Walton Way

$64,293.43 for Shapiro Meat Packing at 1301 N. Savannah Road

$54,788.28 for Shapiro Meat Packing personal property and inventory at 1150
Fifth St.

$44,312.40 for Augusta Oncology, 3606 Wheeler Road.

Reach Sylvia Cooper at (706) 823-3228or sylvia.cooper@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  July 9, 1999, Friday, Sunday, Final Edition

Back Taxes Put Property On the D.C. Auction Block

Eric Lipton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 986 words



Republican presidential candidate Patrick J. Buchanan, Democratic Rep. Thomas
Lantos, the Embassy of Botswana, an association of wheat growers and the
Archdiocese of Washington. What could possibly tie these parties together?

They're all on a list of 7,730 D.C. property owners that the city government
claims as so delinquent on their taxes that their homes, land or buildings could
be sold off later this month. Although several of those on the list--including
Buchanan and Lantos--say they've paid their taxes, their properties remain on
the city's auction list.

At the D.C. Office of Tax and Revenue auction July 20 to 23, bidders will be
able to buy thousands of homes and buildings on the delinquent tax rolls for as
little as $ 100.08, the amount of delinquent taxes owed on one of the
properties.

The District hopes to collect $ 19.8 million in back taxes. Ultimately, the
auction is more of a debt collection effort than a land sale, given that all but
a couple hundred of the land owners likely will pay their bills before losing
their property. But in the last two years, the city has earned $ 20.7 million
through the process and cleared up debts on 9,025 accounts, said Stan Jackson,
the city's chief of assessment services.

Property owners can end up on the auction list even if they are only six months
late in paying their taxes, but some bills have been accumulating for years.
Only about 220 of the thousands of property owners owe more than $ 10,000, and
in some cases they are delinquent only on late-payment interest.

The single largest delinquent property owner is listed as the San
Francisco-based Trust for Public Land, a nonprofit land conservation group that
14 years ago embarked on a much-delayed project to build affordable housing in
the Mayfair-Parkside area.

The trust, which did succeed in building some housing in the area, still owns
about 50 parcels on Kenilworth Terrace, Foote Street and Anacostia Avenue that
are slated to be auctioned, based on delinquent tax bills totaling about $ 1.2
million. Phyllis Nudelman, regional counsel for the group, said yesterday that
she was unaware the property is on the auction block.

"I am a bit surprised," she said, blaming one of the trust's partners for the
delinquency. "Our hope and goal is the land will still be developed for
affordable housing."

Several of the other large delinquent bills are the subject of disputes.

The District-based National Association for Home Care, for example, owes $
215,523 in taxes for six properties on A Street NE, where it operates the
Frederick Douglass Museum and Hall of Fame for Caring Americans. Val J.
Halamandaris, president of the group, said the properties should be tax-exempt
because they serve as a museum. But so far, the museum is still on the auction
list, Jackson said.

The eight-page, fine-print listing of properties on the auction block, published
recently in The Washington Post, also included the Embassy of Botswana on New
Hampshire Avenue NW, suggesting that the nation was $ 83,553 in debt to the
District. But Jackson said this week that after consultations with the State
Department, the embassy won't be offered at auction because the city intends to
give Botswana a tax exemption.

The Shakespeare Theatre and the Bureau of National Affairs both had properties
on the auction list, but they too have since been removed after the city
realized it had made an error.

Buchanan and Lantos each say they have paid their past-due bills, listed as $
215 for a Connecticut Avenue NW home owned by Buchanan and $ 109 for the
California congressman's home on Maryland Avenue NE. Buchanan's property manager
even provided The Post with a copy of a check he said he had sent in.

That check shows that the payment was made late, and it is the past-due interest
that appears to have landed Buchanan's property on the auction block.

Lantos aide Bob King said the tax bill on the Maryland Avenue property "did not
reach the congressman because of some misaddressing. It has been taken care of."

But the District's Jackson said that as of yesterday, his records showed that
the Buchanan and Lantos debts are still pending.

Among the other notables on the city's list of delinquents are the Archdiocese
of Washington, which owes a total of about $ 7,300 on several pieces of land in
Southeast that city records indicate are not tax-exempt, and eight pieces of
Chinatown land controlled by prominent real-estate developer Douglas Jemal, for
which a total of $ 31,843 is owed. The National Association of Wheat Growers was
listed as owing $ 65,219 on its Second Street NE headquarters.

The bidding, which will start at 9:15 a.m., July 20 at 941 North Capitol St. NE,
is open to the general public. But buying a delinquent property can be
complicated.

Bidders need put up only as much money as is owed on the past-due tax bills,
such as the $ 170.73 owed on a single-family home on Q Street SE that has an
assessed value of $ 86,734. But the delinquent owners may reclaim their property
within six months after the auction by paying the bidder back the investment,
plus 1.5 percent per month interest.

Before the deed is transferred to the new owner, all outstanding debts to the
city must be cleared, including any water and sewer bills, housing code fines or
other pending tax bills, which sometimes can cost more than $ 20,000.

Some bidders in such auctions have learned about these other debts after
purchasing the tax lien, and have lost their investment after realizing they
could not afford the additional costs.

"You have to make sure you do your homework before you bid on a property,"
Jackson said.

(This graphic was not available) Delinquent Property Owners Republican
presidential candidate Patrick J. Buchanan is one of 7,730 D.C. property owners
whose homes, land or buildings could be sold because of delinquent taxes.

LOAD-DATE: July 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Delinquent county tax bills due

BYLINE: Nola Sizemore, Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 474 words


Aug. 29--With 1,700 delinquent tax bills remaining unpaid in the county, Harlan
County Clerk Donna Hoskins said the deadline to pay and avoid the sale of tax
bills is Sept. 5.

"This amounts to several hundreds of thousands of dollars," said Hoskins. "The
deadline for property owners to pay their current 2012 tax bills is no later
than 4:30 p.m. on Sept. 5. On the very next day at 9 a.m., no payments can be
accepted because the bills will be presented to companies wishing to purchase
the tax bills and place liens against your property."

Hoskins said the companies purchasing delinquent tax bills are registered with
the state and receive a certificate saying they may participate in the sale.

She said there are companies from as far away as Nebraska, Texas and Ohio, along
with companies from Pikeville, Bowling Green and Olive Hill with certificates
ready to participate in this year's sale.

"These companies purchase the delinquent tax bill and they become the first lien
holder on your property even if you have a mortgage with the bank," said
Hoskins. "They hold these bills for a year, some two years, and then they
foreclose on the property. This process goes through circuit court, where they
force the sale of the property and they can do this because they are the first
lien holder."

Hoskins said, "These delinquent tax bill purchasing companies make their money
through a 12 percent penalty and interest rate at 1 percent per month allowed
through the state, plus other legal and administrative fees they are also
allowed to charge. We've had people tell us these companies have purchased their
tax bill for $300 and it may be $1,500 to $2,000 before they pay it off. We have
no control over that. It stops with us when the tax bill is sold on Sept. 6."

Hoskins said property owners will save a "tremendous amount of money" if they
will try to pay their delinquent tax bill in full by Sept. 5.

She said if that is not possible, property owners may set up a payment plan
through the county attorney's office.

"They can call or visit the county attorney's office and sign a contract for a
payment plan, but this must be done by Sept. 3 or 4," said Hoskins. "The payment
plan will keep their tax bills from being sold. When they sign the contract they
are agreeing to make a payment every month and, if they don't, the tax bill will
be turned back over to the clerk's office to be in the next tax sale.

"I know it's a bad time and money is tight, but tax bills are there if you own
property -- they have to be taken care of," said Hoskins.

For more information, call the clerk's office at 606-573-3636.

Reach Nola Sizemore at 606-573-4510, ext. 115, nsizemore@civitasmedia.com

___ (c)2013 the Harlan Daily Enterprise (Harlan, Ky.) Visit the Harlan Daily
Enterprise (Harlan, Ky.) at http://www.harlandaily.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130829-KZ-Delinquent-county-tax-bills-due-0829-20130829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KZ


                  Copyright 2013 Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             March 12, 2012 Monday

City To Hire Agency To Collect $1.5M In Delinquent Business, Utility Loans

SECTION: CCR - DEALS & PRICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 214  words


Pennsylvania's capital city of Harrisburg, reporting that two-thirds of 44 loans
made under the city's small business loan program are delinquent, expects to
soon announce the name of a collection agency that will chase the outstanding
loans "at no charge".

Mayor Linda Thompson says that more than $800,000 is delinquent. The same
collection agency also will be in charge of pursuing delinquent utility bills
totaling an estimated $674,000

The city has a hit list of the 31 delinquent small-business lendees. Thompson
said she is willing to work with business owners who still owe but that
collection efforts put a burden on an already depleted city staff. "We are
always trying to work with people to restructure loans, but they have made no
effort to negotiate with us," she said.Of the outside collection agency: "They
are not expecting any percentage of the collections," she said. "What they
collect will go 100% back to the city. Nothing will come off the top to them."

In related news, Harrisburg will skip $5.3 million of debt payments due next
week, the first time the city has defaulted on its general obligation bonds, to
ensure there is enough cash to fund vital services.

The city is mired in $326 million of debt due to retrofits and repairs of its
troubled trash incinerator.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 4, 2014 Monday

Section 8 change brings $22K in delinquent garbage fees

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 516 words


Aug. 04--Landlords with delinquent city of Erie garbage accounts who want to be
part of the federal Section 8 housing assistance program are paying up.

John Horan, the Erie Housing Authority's executive director, said a new
authority policy requiring all landlords who participate in the Section 8
program to be current on all local taxes and fees, including refuse bills, has
prompted Section 8 landlords to pay more than $22,000 in delinquent bills to
Erie Water Works since January.

Erie Water Works collects water, sewer and refuse bills on the city's behalf.

The policy took effect in April and was explained to Erie City Council at the
panel's June 4 Finance Committee meeting. The Housing Authority's move came as
city government continues to look for ways to collect $2.15 million in
delinquent garbage fees owed to the city.

Many of the largest delinquent accounts belong to landlords, and several of them
own multiple properties. City officials have been criticized by many residents
for not being aggressive enough over the years in collecting overdue garbage
bills, especially since residents' garbage fees were increased in the city's
2014 budget.

"Our policy has definitely had an impact," Horan said. "I think that is a real
good result, and I expect that by next spring, we will have these things down to
zero, or close to it."

Section 8 is a federal program that provides rent subsidies to eligible
low-income people and families and is funded by the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development. People who qualify pay a set portion of their rent, and
the federal government covers the rest.

The Housing Authority administers the program within the city limits, and there
are about 900 Section 8 housing units citywide owned by roughly 400 landlords
who participate in the program, according to Horan.

Erie Water Works in January provided information to the Housing Authority that
indicated the owners of 122 Section 8 properties owed a collective $55,752 in
delinquent refuse bills, Horan said.

After the Housing Authority changed its Section 8 policy and notified landlords,
many of them started paying their delinquent bills, Horan said.

Currently, the owners of 41 Section 8 properties owe a collective $33,577, which
means the Section 8 garbage delinquencies have been reduced by $22,175 since
January.

Horan added that more than $11,000 in delinquent refuse bills have been paid
since June 6, when the Erie Times-News first reported on the policy change. At
that time, there were 54 delinquent Section 8 accounts totaling $44,871, which
means the Section 8 delinquencies have dropped by $11,294 since early June.

Paul Vojtek, chief executive of Erie Water Works, applauded the Housing
Authority's policy change.

"That is good news," Vojtek said. "I think these are the kinds of things that
are going to make a big difference down the road."

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140804-EI-Section-8-change-brings-22K-in-delinquent
-garbage-fees-0804-20140804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Kansas consumers took on more debt this year

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 499 words


Kansas consumers increased their debt in the third quarter to an average
$16,127, according to data from the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City.

That means Kansans have an average of $110 more in consumer debt than they did
in the second quarter. Consumer debt has increased 10 percent since the second
quarter of 2011, rising in most quarters.

Consumer debt, as defined by the Federal Reserve, includes credit cards, home
equity lines of credit, auto loans, student loans and mortgages on properties,
such as vacation homes that weren't purchased for business reasons. The mortgage
on a family's primary home isn't included.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City covers seven states. Colorado and
Wyoming had higher average debts than Kansas, while Missouri, Nebraska, New
Mexico and Oklahoma had lower averages.

The Federal Reserve information doesn't attempt to quantify whether the debt
burden will be higher than the average consumer can bear, so it isn't clear if
the trend is a good or bad sign for the future economy. Heavy debts were a major
drag on the economy during the recession, but rising debts also can be a sign
that consumers feel confident enough about the economy to make purchases they
might have been putting off, such as replacing an old car.

Most of the increase in debt in Kansas was driven by student and auto loans,
while credit card and home equity debt remained largely flat. A similar trend
happened nationwide, though the average American has more total and credit card
debt than the average Kansan.

About 4.2 percent of all consumer debt accounts in Kansas were delinquent, down
0.1 percent from the previous quarter. Delinquent accounts are at least 30 days
behind on payments, and while it isn't impossible consumers will eventually pay
up, they are an indication that they could default. Nationwide, 5.8 percent of
all consumer debt accounts were delinquent, down 0.2 percent from the second
quarter.

Those averages conceal broad differences among debt types, though. Student loan
debt showed the most trouble, with 15 percent of student loans nationwide and
13.7 percent in Kansas behind at least 30 days. Auto loans had the second
highest rate, with 8.5 percent delinquent nationwide and 6.5 percent delinquent
in Kansas.

About 7 percent of mortgages were 30 days behind in Kansas and 3.1 percent were
90 or more days behind, making it likely they will enter foreclosure. The rates
were higher in Topeka, where 9.2 percent of mortgages were 30 days behind and
4.4 percent were 90 days behind.

Morris and Jewell counties had the highest rates of mortgages that were behind
by 90 days or more. The rates were lowest in Cheyenne, Smith, Sheridan, Graham,
Gove and Lane counties, where less than 1 percent of mortgages were that far
behind. In some cases, however, that may not reflect actual conditions. If a
county has a low number of outstanding mortgages, a small number of
delinquencies will skew its rate and make it appear the county has a serious
problem.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      November 8, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

South Dakota Retailers Association: Business Tax Delinquency Report Expanded

LENGTH: 279  words


New Delhi, Nov. 8 -- A report that allows the South Dakota Department of Revenue
to list businesses with business tax delinquencies on its website has been
expanded to include a greater number of delinquent businesses.



The report, authorized by SDCL 10-59-46, serves as an additional resource for
the Department to use in its efforts to collect delinquent taxes according to
Business Tax Director Doug Schinkel.

"The Revenue Department makes every effort to collect past-due taxes," said
Schinkel. "This report is one of the tools we use in our collection process.
Expanding the report to include more delinquencies will help support our
collection efforts."

The Department can publicly list delinquent people who owe sales tax, use tax,
tourism tax, municipal tax, municipal gross receipts tax, contractors' excise
tax, motor vehicle leasing tax or telecommunications gross receipts tax to the
state of South Dakota if a lien has been filed against those people.

The list displays the top delinquent taxpayers owing the largest amount of tax,
and includes the person's name; the business name, if any; and the amount of
total tax, penalties and interest outstanding for each delinquent business.

A business will be removed from the report within 10 days after the full
delinquent debt payment has been processed by the Department of Revenue.

People on the list, or any taxpayer with a delinquent amount owed to the state,
can pay the amount due by mailing a check payable to the S.D. State Treasurer.
Payments should be sent to Department of Revenue Remittance Center, P.O. Box
5055, Sioux Falls, SD 57117-5055. A business license number should be included
on the check, if possible.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 12, 2009 Tuesday

Delinquent tax rolls jump 23.6 percent

BYLINE: Pat Kelly, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words


May 12--PANAMA CITY, Fla. -- PANAMA CITY -- Whether caused by the state of the
economy or a state of mind, Bay County's delinquent tax rolls jumped nearly 25
percent this year over last.

County Tax Collector Peggy Brannon said more than 9 percent of property owners
who pay real estate taxes in Bay County are delinquent on their 2008 taxes,
representing almost $21.5 million after penalties and fees are added.

Brannon said 10,366 names appear on the delinquent rolls this year, compared to
8,389 names last year, an increase of about 23.6 percent. She called it "a sign
of the times that is magnified throughout the state."

The delinquent property taxes embody money owed to Bay County, the various
municipalities within the county and the Bay District Schools, Brannon said.

Brannon said interested individuals and institutional investors can begin
bidding today on the sale of tax certificates for each delinquent parcel.
Citizens can bid on and purchase the tax certificate by paying the owed tax plus
a 3-percent penalty, she said.

The sale is conducted in reverse-auction style with participants bidding
downward on interest rates starting at 18 percent. The certificate, which
represents a lien on the unpaid property, is awarded to the lowest bidder.

When the taxes are paid and the certificate is redeemed, an investor can earn up
to 18 percent on his or her money, Brannon said. Very few certificates are
bought by individuals actually interested in purchasing the piece of property,
she said.

"In fact, we tell people who are interesting in buying a certain piece of
property that they should contact the individual property owner," she said.

Bay County Clerk of Court Bill Kinsaul said if the property taxes remain
delinquent for two years, the holder of the tax certificate can force a sale of
the property. The property then would be sold to the highest bidder and the tax
certificate would be redeemed.

In a random sample of 130 delinquent parcels listed consecutively on the rolls
this year, individual tax certificates could be purchased by paying anywhere
from $73.01 to $24,987.01.

According to the Bay County Tax Collector Web site, all unpaid real estate taxes
become delinquent April 1 each year. The Web site also is used to bid on the tax
certificates.

Beginning today, the delinquent taxes are advertised in The News Herald once a
week for three consecutive weeks before a tax certificate sale is held following
the payment deadline. The advertising cost is added to the amount of the tax
bill. Brannon said the tax certificate sale will be held by June 1.

To see more of The News Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsherald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The News Herald, Panama City,
Fla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090512-PY-Delinquent-tax-rolls-jump-23.6-percent-0512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2009 The News Herald


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Montana: Collector 10054177

LENGTH: 414  words

DATELINE: Helena


Department of Labor & Industry, The State of Montana has issued the following
job announcement:

10054177
Job Title:  Collector
Employer:  EXPRESS PROFESSIONALS
Location:  KALISPELL MT, 59901
Description:  Collect all assigned later-stage delinquent accounts, to reduce
the risk of loss to the organization.

Pursue, develop and maintain positive relationships with all customers who are
delinquent in their loan payments. Contact all customers who are behind on their
loan payments on a daily basis, as directed by Collections Supervisor and Senior
Management. Complete each customer contact with definite understanding by each
party as to the current payment commitment. Document all customer contact
attempts and their specific outcomes. Maintain updated contact information on
all delinquent customers. Process and document all extensions, modifications and
refinancing arrangements. Monitor, identify, process and document all
repossessions, bankruptcies and NSF checks. Effectively strategize a variety of
approaches to the handling and resolution of delinquent accounts. Work to
resolve situations in which delinquent customers are defensive, hostile,
evasive, or unresponsive to suggested resolution methods. Exercise reasoned
judgment with regard to unusual collection circumstances and challenges.
Effectively review and explain all aspects of a delinquent customers account(s)
to them, including loan documents, loan terms, payment due dates, interest
rates, loan modifications, forced placed insurance, and other related account
questions and/or issues. Generate collection reports as needed and required.
Recommend and implement Collections procedures as they relate to delinquent
accounts, internal procedures and policies, and new regulatory compliance when
applicable. Maintain ongoing communication with Collections Supervisor,
informing them of all pertinent problems, irregularities, new developments,
changes and other important information within area of Collections. Work
proactively and positively with other Collections department personnel to ensure
a team effort and prompt service. Assist other Collections department personnel
by answering questions, solving problems and helping with complex work-related
matters. Forward written correspondence to appropriate departments for filing.
Associates or Bachelors degree in accounting, finance or banking preferred but
not required. At least 2 years professional experience with collection
procedures required.
Open

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Treasurerâ[#x20ac][TM]s Office Announces Online Option for Setoff Debt Protests

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbia: Beaufort county, The state of South Carolina has issued the following
news release:


 The Beaufort County Treasurer's Office will offer an online form for taxpayers
wishing to protest a delinquent

 tax debt submitted to the Department of Revenue for collection pursuant to the
Setoff Debt Collection Act.



 On August 12, 2016, Collection of Debt letters were sent to delinquent
taxpayers with delinquent real and/or

 personal property taxes in an attempt to collect tax debts. Previously, the
only method to protest a debt was

 by submitting a written protest via mail."In the last year, the Treasurer's
Office collected over $540,000 in delinquent taxes through the Setoff Debt

 Collection program. By offering an online protest option, a taxpayer may
conveniently dispute and hopefully

 resolve the debt owed prior to having their state refund garnished for the
debt," said Maria Walls, Beaufort

 County Treasurer.

 Taxpayers will be able to protest delinquent debts in writing, by mail or using
the new online option within

 30 days of the date listed on their letter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 18, 2014 Saturday

Total delinquent Erie garbage bills: nearly $2.5 million -- and counting

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 305 words


Jan. 18--Every three months, Erie's Joe Koehle pays his garbage bill.

Koehle, co-coordinator of the East Bayfront Neighborhood Watch, said he expects
others to do the same, on time, even after the city increased garbage fees by
nearly 15 percent to help balance its 2014 budget.

When people don't pay, Koehle believes the city of Erie should aggressively go
after that delinquent revenue -- especially when those overdue bills represent
millions of dollars.

"I just don't understand why in this day and age it's so hard to collect this
money," said Koehle, 55, who lives in the 200 block of East Second Street.

The Erie Times-News examined the issue of delinquent garbage fees in 2010. At
that time, overdue garbage payments and penalties totaled $1.16 million,
according to Erie Water Works, which took over billing for the city in 2006.

As of Dec. 31, that total was nearly $1.6 million, according to the Water Works,
which means overdue payments/penalties have increased 38 percent since 2010.

Further, when you include municipal liens totaling more than $930,000 filed
against scores of other delinquent customers/accounts, the total delinquency
amount swells to about $2.5 million, said Paul Vojtek, the Erie Water Works'
chief executive.

Many of the overdue accounts go back more than a decade, with many individual
customers owing thousands of dollars each. In one case, Water Works records
show, a customer owes more than $26,000 on multiple rental properties.

Erie City Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco said city officials, including
council and Mayor Joe Sinnott's administration, have not done enough in recent
years to tackle the delinquencies.

That needs to change in 2014, Horan-Kunco said.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140118-EI-Total-delinquent
-Erie-garbage-bills-nearly-2.5-million-and-counting-0118-20140118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday

La Joya ISD switches up its delinquent tax collector

BYLINE: Andrew Kreighbaum, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


Jan. 12--La Joya school board trustees voted this week to terminate Linebarger,
Goggan, Blair & Sampson as the district's delinquent tax collection firm,
awarding the deal to its chief local competitor.

Perdue Brandon Fielder Collins and Mott LLP, which collects delinquent taxes on
behalf of McAllen Independent School District among other local entities, will
take over the service for La Joya.

Board president Juan Jose Pena Jr. declined to comment on the board's Thursday
decision, instead referring questions to school district attorney Jaime Munoz.

The contract with Linebarger had not yet expired but Munoz said board members
undertook a study of their current deal after taking office in November.

"It didn't have anything to do with the terms," of the contract, Munoz said.
"The board of trustees basically analyzed the district's current relationship
with the tax attorney and felt it was in the interest of both parties to go in a
different direction."

Pena and trustee Espie Ochoa were the only board members to vote against the
deal with Perdue.

Trustee Juan Jose Garza, who voted for the contract, referred questions to
Munoz. Other board members did not respond to requests for comment on the vote.

The board also voted to terminate the district's contract with Ruth Villarreal
as insurance agent for its self-insured Health Insurance Program. Pharr-based
insurance agent Bob Trevino will take over those services for the district.

Ochoa was the only incumbent candidate to join Team Liberty, the five-person
slate that swept the school board elections last year. Pena and trustee Johnn V.
Alaniz, who did not face reelection in November, also endorsed the slate.

The two tax collection firms are known for being generous to political
candidates' campaign accounts. Team Liberty members each reported receiving $800
from Linebarger from August through October.

The slate's candidates reported campaign contributions totaling $1,270 from
Perdue over that period and an additional $1,190 in donations from John David
Franz, the former Hidalgo mayor whose law office is affiliated with the firm.

__

Andrew Kreighbaum covers education and general assignments for The Monitor. He
can be reached at andrew@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4472.

___ (c)2013 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130112-MC-La-Joya-ISD-switches-up-its-delinquent
-tax-collector-0112-20130112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2013 The Monitor


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            December 5, 2011 Monday

Two O.C. firms on state's tax delinquent list

BYLINE: JAN NORMAN Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A

LENGTH: 242 words



HIGHLIGHT: Companies in Irvine, Garden Grove added to list, which is updated
quarterly.


Two Orange County firms are among 16 taxpayers added to the state's list of
largest sales and use tax delinquents, which was updated Nov. 30.

Dragon Auto Inc., a used-car dealer in Garden Grove, owes the state $960,564.

Event Masters International Inc. in Irvine owes $878,829. Its website lists it
as an event production company whose clients include the Anaheim Ducks hockey
team, John Laing Homes, Google and several Orange County cities.

Dragon's phone number has been disconnected. Event Masters has not yet responded
to an Orange County Register email for comment.

The 16 new entries on the list owe a total of $21.1 million in delinquent sales
and use taxes.

A 2007 state law requires the California State Board of Equalization to post
online the 250 largest tax delinquencies of more than $100,000. The list is
updated quarterly.

The biggest delinquent added this quarter is 21st Century Oil Corp. in Solana
Beach, which owes $2.83 million in unpaid sales and use taxes.

The biggest debtors on the complete list of 250 are:

California Target Enterprises Inc., Downey, $18.4 million, first lien was 2002

C & JD USA Inc., Oakland, $16.5 million, first lien in 2010

Gary Lazar, doing business as P&M Service Stations, Garden Grove, $11 million,
first lien in 2002.

Since the delinquent list went online, the Board of Equalization and Franchise
Tax Board have collected $87 million in delinquent state and local taxes.



714-796-7927 or jnorman@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday

Change in city tax collection reviewed

BYLINE: Jeremy Boren

LENGTH: 352 words


Pittsburgh might be able to scoop an extra $10 million from a sea of delinquent
taxes under a plan that city Controller Michael Lamb offered Wednesday to Mayor
Luke Ravenstahl.

An immediate boost could come from eliminating the 15- to 21-percent fee the
city's tax collection agency -- Penn Credit Corp. -- charges the city for each
deadbeat taxpayer it gets to pay real estate, earned income or other taxes, Lamb
said.

"That way, the city could get 100 percent of the tax and interest owed, and the
collection agency could get its fee from the taxpayer," Lamb said.

The change would take advantage of a 2003 amendment to Pennsylvania's Municipal
Claims and Tax Lien Law, which allows collection agencies to charge delinquent
taxpayers a fee of up to 10 percent of what they owe a municipality.

Lamb said Allegheny County officials have collected delinquent taxes this way
through Jordan Tax Service Inc. since May 2004 and have netted more than $50
million.

Pittsburgh collected roughly $2 million in delinquent taxes in 2007, but the
city still is owed about $30 million in unpaid taxes, said Finance Director
Scott Kunka.

Kunka said the city performs well collecting taxes, but he's open to exploring
Lamb's recommendations.

County Treasurer John K. Weinstein lauded Lamb's initiative, and said the city
and county could one day combine delinquent tax collection contracts to save
even more.

"I'm a firm believer that the delinquent taxpayer should pay the cost of the
delinquency," he said. "I have a 97 percent collection rate. That 97 percent
should not pay for the 3 percent that doesn't pay."

Payment plans are available to those who can't pay all at once to prevent them
from losing their homes through tax liens, Weinstein said.

Weinstein said the county has found that delinquent taxpayers are motivated to
pay when they're told they must cover an additional 10 percent fee.

For example, someone who owes $1,000 to the county would be charged $1,100, with
$100 going to the tax collection agency.

"They have an incentive to collect," Weinstein said. "The more they collect the
more money they make."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 23, 2014 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fed workers owe $3.3B taxes;
Congress' delinquents worse than Treasury

BYLINE: Gregory Korte, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 311 words


Federal employees owe a total of $3.3 billion in back taxes to the federal
government, according to Internal Revenue Service data released Thursday.

In all, 318,462 federal employees owed back taxes as of last Sept. 30 -- an
increase of 2.6% from the previous year. That puts the average tax bill at
$10,391, according to IRS data obtained by USA TODAY under the Freedom of
Information Act.

But federal workers are better at paying than the average taxpayer. Their
delinquency rate of 3.19% is far lower than the 8.7% for the population at
large.

Some federal workers are worse than others. The non-payment rate for employees
of the House of Representatives is 4.87%. In the Senate, it's 3.24%. That's 714
tax delinquents on Capitol Hill owing $8.6 million -- more than one for each
representative or senator. Thirty-six employees in the Executive Office of the
President are delinquent on taxes, a rate of 2.06%.

Tax delinquencies on Capitol Hill are four times more common than at the
Treasury Department, which has come under scrutiny over bonuses paid to tax-
delinquent IRS employees.

A report by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration last month
found that the IRS paid more than $1 million to employees who didn't pay their
federal taxes. But at 1.2% delinquent, the Treasury Department has the best rate
of tax compliance in the federal government, according to reports.

The statistical reports tally tax delinquencies at the agency level, so it's
unclear who's not paying taxes and whether any members of Congress are
delinquent. The reports are part of a 20-year-old IRS effort, called the Federal
Employee/Retiree Delinquency Initiative, to raise tax compliance by federal
workers. The report doesn't break out the IRS, which is part of the Treasury,
but IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said more than 99% of IRS workers are current
on their taxes.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 20, 2005 Sunday

Auction helps county clear debt;
Delinquent taxpayers now have to pay more to lienholder

BYLINE: By John Nolan jnolan@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 597 words


DAYTON - A company that buys delinquent real-estate tax liens from local
governments agreed Saturday to pay Montgomery County $9.1 million for tax debts
owed on 1,986 properties countywide.

American Tax Funding LLC's winning bid at auction not only took those debts off
the county's hands, but had spurred a repayment since August of $17 million in
delinquent taxes, officials said.

That is an unprecedented collection rate over that period, said county Treasurer
Hugh Quill, who has been in office since 1993 and conducted the auction Saturday
that involved two bidders who posted $1.5 million deposits to qualify.

Two other potential bidders dropped out prior to the auction - Montgomery
County's first - after they inspected the available properties.

Days ago, Quill had projected the winning bidder might pay the county as much as
$18 million for the liens, but that amount decreased as more delinquent
taxpayers paid up and properties were deleted from the offering. The county
plans to do the lien auctions annually to spur timely tax payments, Quill said.

The property-tax revenues benefit school districts, libraries, Dayton and the
county's other municipalities, and Montgomery County itself.

American Tax Funding, of Jupiter, Fla., accepted the county's opening offer
Saturday to buy the entire liens portfolio at an 18 percent interest rate.

When the county treasurer offered the only other bidder, BankAtlantic of Fort
Lauderdale, Fla., the opportunity to bid on an interest rate a quarter
percentage point lower at 17.75 percent, bank representative Gary Branse shook
his head no. Quill banged down his gavel to end the 2-minute auction.

Matthew A. Marini, who represented American Tax Funding, said county officials
seemed to have prepared well by mixing financially distressed, undesirable
properties in with marketable properties to compile the portfolio.

"We are not going to make a lot of money on this. In fact, it's really close,"
Marini said after the auction. "It's clear to me that these guys did their
homework on how this should be done."

His company's check to the county covers the unpaid taxes and a $180
administrative fee on all 1,986 properties. Prior to the auction, a delinquent
taxpayer would have had to pay only the overdue taxes to be free of the lien.
Now, the debtor will have to pay American Tax Funding the equivalent of the
unpaid taxes and administrative fee, plus the 18 percent interest.

That interest rate is higher than would generally be available on the market
without paying a premium, Marini said. In addition, his company has the right to
foreclose on a property through a sheriff's auction if the delinquent taxpayer
hasn't paid up in a year. The liens are good for three years.

American Tax Funding has bought more than 300,000 tax liens from government
entities around the country since its 1997 founding.

The county treasurer's office had adjusted the mix of properties as the result
of discussions with bidders in recent weeks to arrive at a portfolio that would
attract bidders and relieve the county of hard-tocollect debts, said Nicolette
Jaworski, a spokeswoman for Quill. The varied portfolio includes vacant lots,
residential properties and larger tracts that could be developed for office
parks, officials said.

Summit, Franklin, Mahoning and Stark counties have done similar auctions of
unpaid property tax debts. Ohio has allowed its most populous counties to sell
the liens since 1998, following the lead of other states. The auctions have
become more popular as government revenues have shrunk.

Contact John Nolan at (937) 225-2242.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   October 22, 1997, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Fulton gets first payment in taxes collected by private Florida firm

BYLINE: Carlos Campos; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 04B

LENGTH: 337 words


Fulton County received an $ 8.7 million payment on Tuesday from a private
company that is purchasing its delinquent tax liens, the first in a series of
installments that could reach $ 50 million.

The $ 50 million will be shared with several other governmental entities, since
Fulton County also collects taxes for the city of Atlanta, the Atlanta school
board and the Fulton County school board. The city of East Point and Georgia
also will get small shares.

Capital Asset Research Corp., a West Palm Beach, Fla., company with a local
office in Buckhead, wired the bank transfer payment late Tuesday afternoon. The
payments will continue through mid-November. Capital Asset sent out so-called
"60-day letters" in August to delinquent taxpayers, giving notice that the
company was about to purchase the delinquent tax liens from the county if the
debts weren't paid.

Now that the letters have matured, the company has begun to purchase the
delinquent tax liens. Under Georgia law, Capital Asset now can charge interest
to the delinquent taxpayers and eventually foreclose on the properties if owners
don't pay up.

Fulton County Tax Commissioner Arthur Ferdinand, who has reduced the county's $
208 million delinquent tax debt by $ 97 million since taking office in January,
said Tuesday he was pleased to get the money.

"It's a great start to reducing the current delinquency to a manageable level,"
Ferdinand said.

Under the Capital Asset purchase, Fulton County stands to gain about $ 16
million and its board of education about $ 11 million, while the city of Atlanta
could get about $ 11 million, and its board of education almost $ 12 million.
East Point will get about $ 267,000, and Georgia about $ 318,000.

Ferdinand cautioned, however, that those amounts likely will decrease in the
coming weeks as taxpayers pay up in order to avoid having their debt transferred
to a private collector like Capital Asset.

Ferdinand noted the county collects about $ 285,000 per day in delinquent taxes.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2013

LPSO contracts agency to collect delinquent parish property taxes

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 283  words


Because of new state legislation, LA R.S. 47:2062, the LaSalle Parish Sheriffs
Office has contracted with the company, ARCHON, to secure payment of delinquent
property taxes, according to an announcement by Sheriff Scott Franklin.

The company is authorized to locate delinquent taxpayers, generate and mail
notices of all tax sale related events, process payments, and provide taxpayer
customer service through its Louisiana based call center.

To date, the use of this new technology and service has been beneficial in
recovering delinquent property taxes in over 25 other Louisiana parishes and
cities.

These new services cost neither the Sheriffs Office nor timely taxpayers
anything; however, delinquent LaSalle Parish taxpayers will be assessed a
10-percent tax sale cost. The additional cost will take effect on February 1st,
pursuant to state statute.

By utilizing this approach for delinquent collections and tax sales, the Sheriff
will no longer have to expend timely paid tax revenue to collect delinquent
taxes. Instead, delinquent taxpayers are essentially paying for delinquent tax
collections.

In Louisiana, interest accrues on delinquent property taxes at a rate of
1-percent per month until paid, beginning January 31st of each year.

"As stated before, this action will not cost our faithful timely taxpayers
anything," Sheriff Franklin said. "It does keep us from spending some of that
revenue to collect delinquent taxes."

Parish property tax notices for year 2013 should be in the mail in early
November. The notices will be printed and ready for mail as soon as final
approval of the tax rolls are received from the Louisiana Tax Commission. Taxes
for 2013 are due by December 31, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 The Jena Times


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tax delinquencies still on decline

BYLINE: CHRISTIAN M. WADE, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 400 words


Fees on foreclosed properties are being paid off by lenders

BY CHRISTIAN M. WADE

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA -- The economy is still struggling to rebound and unemployment remains in
the double digits, but more Hillsborough County property owners are paying their
taxes.

For the second year in a row, the number of delinquent properties on the
county's tax rolls has declined, according to figures from Tax Collector Doug
Belden's office.

As of April 1, 36,349 delinquent property owners owed the county more than $85
million, according to 2010 tax roll figures. That's compared with 2009, when
about $116 million was owed on 39,734 properties. In 2008, 46,071 property
owners owed about $160 million.

County tax officials attribute the decline to lower property values, but moreso
to the fact that banks and lenders are paying off delinquent taxes on hundreds
of foreclosed properties.

"We don't have any hard evidence to suggest so, but we suspect that has been a
major factor in the decline," said Brenden Chiaramonte, Belden's administrative
assistant.

On May 9, the tax collector's office opened bidding on tax certificates for
delinquent properties, giving investors a chance to bid on interest earned on
outstanding debt. The auction ends Saturday. Winning bids will be announced
Wednesday.

The amounts owed by property tax scofflaws range from a few bucks for vacant
lots to hundreds of thousands of dollars owed by developers of subdivisions and
apartment complexes.

Property taxes are due Nov. 1 and become delinquent if not paid by April 1.

Most of the delinquent property taxes will be paid by homeowners, mortgage
holders such as banks and lenders or through the sale of the certificates. Bids
typically range from zero to 18 percent. Although the lowest interest rate bid
on properties get the certificates, state law ensures the winning bidders a
minimum return of 5 percent.

If no one pays the taxes on a property by 22 months after the sale, the
certificate holder can foreclose. Unsold certificates will be issued to the
county at 18 percent interest. If no one purchases the county certificates, the
county will foreclose on the property as long as the value is more than $5,000.
The county would then issue a lien.

For information, visit www.hillstax.org.

cwade@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7679

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                              March 7, 2005 Monday

District may hand firm its tax liens

BYLINE: Paul Paterra

LENGTH: 582 words


Penn-Trafford School District has received a proposal from a company looking to
collect its delinquent taxes.

Under the proposal, XSPAND Inc., headquartered in Morristown, N.J., would
purchase the district's tax liens and then would set about the task of
collecting those taxes.

"We get the money up front," said Brett Lago, Penn-Trafford's business manager.
"We don't have to wait however long it would take the county to collect taxes.
It's a way to speed up the cash flow on those properties. Anything we can do to
improve our cash flow, we're going to take a look at."

XSPAND, which has a branch office in Cranberry Township, Butler County, is one
of the largest purchasers of tax liens in the country. The company works with
local governments to convert the purchased liens to revenue and to find
permanent solutions that place these properties back on the active tax rolls.

The firm is offering Penn-Trafford 91 cents on the dollar for the delinquent
properties. The district has $661,180 in delinquent taxes eligible for purchase.

Only recently has such a step been permitted. Act 70 of 2004 allows Pennsylvania
school districts to assign some or all of their claims for delinquent school
taxes.

"We're looking at a direct purchase of the tax liens," explained Larry Marsh,
vice president of sales and marketing for XSPAND. "We replace the district as
the owner of the lien. We augment the collection process through our efforts."

Those efforts involve collectors, who are trained credit advisers, attempting to
assist the delinquent taxpayer.

"We try to generate a conversation with the property owner," Marsh said. "We may
try to put them together with someone who gets them on a payment plan.
Oftentimes, it's a case of they didn't know or they're frozen and they don't
know where to go.

"The tax collector is the one who takes the first shot at it. Normally, they
only send the tax notice. Usually there's not a lot of follow-up. Other than the
initial effort, there's not a lot done."

The school district would have final approval of any correspondence sent out by
XSPAND. Marsh stressed that a "heavy-handed" approach is not used.

"We have never had a complaint filed against us by a property owner in any of
the areas we've done," Marsh said. "You're going to know what we're doing. We
have had good relationships with every taxing authority we've done business with
in the past, and we do not expect that to change."

Because the legislation is relatively new, only a few districts in the state
have taken this step.

In June, the Harrisburg School District employed Municipal Revenue Services, of
Erie, to go after four years of delinquent liens.

William R. Gretton III, assistant superintendent for business affairs, said the
district realized more than $5 million.

"I recommend this to any school district that's looking to advance funds to them
in the future," he said. "The bank is forwarding us money, rather than us
getting it over the next few years. Ultimately, districts will receive 100
percent of what they would receive over a period of time. They're receiving it
up front."

XSPAND's proposal is being reviewed by Ken Murray, Penn-Trafford's solicitor. It
may be discussed when the board meets tonight.

"I think it's beneficial to us," school Board President Sallie Bradley said.
"Obviously, we get money up front, and we get interest on it. I think we're all
thinking it's favorable. It would be a financial shot to the district, and we're
out looking for money."

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Bill summary and status of SB 542 Delinquent sewer charges; lien on property,
delinquent charges.

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: New York



  Richmond: Virginia Lagislative Information System has issued the following
bill summary and status:



 SUMMARY AS PASSED SENATE:

 Delinquent sewer charges; lien; unlimited time. Allows a locality that provides
water or sewer service to a property owner, rather than to a tenant, to place a
lien on the property receiving the service in the amount of the number of months
of delinquent charges. Current law allows the placement of liens in the amount
of up to three months of delinquent water and sewer charges.









 AMENDMENTS



     Senate amendments



 HISTORY



     01/13/16  Senate: Prefiled and ordered printed; offered 01/13/16 16102424D

     01/13/16  Senate: Referred to Committee on Local Government

     02/09/16  Senate: Reported from Local Government with amendments (9-Y 4-N)

     02/11/16  Senate: Constitutional reading dispensed (40-Y 0-N)

     02/12/16  Senate: Read second time

     02/12/16  Senate: Reading of amendments waived

     02/12/16  Senate: Committee amendments agreed to

     02/12/16  Senate: Engrossed by Senate as amended SB542E

     02/12/16  Senate: Constitutional reading dispensed (39-Y 0-N)

     02/12/16  Senate: Passed by for the day

     02/12/16  Senate: Printed as engrossed 16102424D-E

     02/15/16  Senate: Read third time and passed Senate (37-Y 2-N)

     02/17/16  House: Placed on Calendar

     02/17/16  House: Read first time

     02/17/16  House: Referred to Committee on Counties, Cities and Towns

     02/18/16  House: Assigned CC & T sub: Subcommittee #2

     02/24/16  House: Subcommittee recommends reporting (10-Y 0-N)

     02/26/16  House: Reported from Counties, Cities and Towns (21-Y 1-N)

     02/29/16  House: Read second time

     03/01/16  House: Read third time

     03/01/16  House: Passed House (90-Y 4-N)

     03/01/16  House: VOTE: PASSAGE (90-Y 4-N)

     03/02/16  Senate: Enrolled

     03/02/16  Senate: Bill text as passed Senate and House (SB542ER)

     03/02/16  House: Signed by Speaker

     03/05/16  Senate: Signed by President

     03/07/16  Senate: Enrolled Bill Communicated to Governor on 3/7/2016

     03/07/16  Governor: Governor's Action Deadline Midnight, Sunday, April 10
2016

     03/29/16  Governor: Approved by Governor-Chapter 528 (effective 7/1/16)

     03/29/16  Governor: Acts of Assembly Chapter text (CHAP0528)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Erie City Council forgives delinquent taxes on 16 properties

BYLINE: John Guerriero, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 179 words


Oct. 07--ERIE, Pa. -- Erie City Council took a step today to get 16 properties
back on the tax rolls when it unanimously approved forgiveness of the face value
of delinquent city taxes totaling $6,159.

The properties -- 15 vacant lots and one structure -- have been acquired at
various times by the Erie Redevelopment Authority from delinquent property
owners, Erie City Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco said.

The delinquencies go back as far as 2000.

For all property taxes to be forgiven, the other two taxing bodies, Erie County
government and the Erie School District, must follow council's lead. Horan-Kunco
said that is likely, now that City Council has given its approval.

The school district taxes on the properties are about $9,157 and the county
taxes are about $2,875, said Scott Henry, the authority's executive director.

City Council took the action, Horan-Kunco said, because "we wanted to move these
into taxable value again."

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151007-EI-BRF-Erie-City-Council-forgives-delinquent
-taxes-on-16-properties-1007-20151007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 December 23, 1998, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

Bad rap for juvenile justice system

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 470 words


LOCKING UP young delinquents in Georgia is a difficult, thankless job. The state
Department of Juvenile Justice has been sued, threatened, slammed and sued some
more, in large part because the system and its funding have not kept pace with
the increasing number of delinquents sentenced to detention. As a result, it
often appears Georgians are doing a half-hearted job of ensuring that
delinquents are getting the support they need.

This year, the state agreed to settle a suit by the U.S. Department of Justice
that highlighted a series of problems in the juvenile system. This week, a
separate suit was settled.

The more recent action was launched in March 1996 by the Dalton-based Voice of
the Children. The group charged that the Dalton facility was dilapidated,
overcrowded, understaffed and failed to provide adequate medical care, mental
health treatment and educational opportunities. The federal suit highlighted
similar problems systemwide.

Under the settlement reached Monday, the state agreed to house only two
juveniles in a cell, to classify delinquents appropriately, to hire more guards
and to provide juveniles with more psychiatric and medical care.

On its face, it sounds as if the system warehouses delinquents with little
regard for their health, education or welfare. Indeed, U.S. Judge Harold Murphy
insisted the state find grounds for a settlement, lest he issue an order with
disclosures that would "embarrass" the state agency.

We don't dispute that detention is less than ideal for delinquents. Faced with
explosive growth in the number of delinquents, there's little doubt that there's
overcrowding, that too few guards oversee too many delinquents, that medical
care and educational opportunities go wanting.

We just don't buy the characterization by children's advocates and others that
the system is unresponsive, uncaring and insensitive to the needs of detainees.
Rather, the department has lacked adequate funding to keep up with the increase
in the number of juveniles and the support systems --- education, health care
--- they need and deserve.

By all means, fix this system. It should meet every medical and educational
need, protect detainees from abuse and provide effective programs aimed at
rehabilitating young criminals --- while keeping in mind that detention is not a
picnic, but punishment. The system must also be adequately funded, and the
settlement with the Justice Department earlier this year committed millions more
to upgrading the system and a timetable for making improvements.

But at bottom, despite real problems that must be addressed, we don't believe
Georgia runs an uncaring juvenile justice system. It's fair to demand that the
state do better. It's unfair to indict a system overwhelmed by an ever-rising
tide of juvenile crime.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Final

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 5, 2013 Tuesday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

New Phila. effort to locate tax delinquents announced;
Nutter: Plan was not timed to coincide with release of reassessment data.

BYLINE: By Troy Graham; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; P-com News Local; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 633 words


Just two weeks before property owners learn the results of a reassessment that
will alter tax bills across Philadelphia, Mayor Nutter on Monday announced a new
effort to find tax deadbeats and "encourage" them to pay up.

Nutter said the city would spend $40 million over the next five years to
overhaul the Department of Revenue's software - which dates to 1993 - hire 55
new employees, and start a call center to chase down tax delinquents.

The city also will employ outside collection agencies and get cases to them
quicker than in the past.

"We will do whatever is necessary to provide further inspiration for those who
think they can get away with not paying their taxes," Nutter said. "Those days
are clearly coming to an end."

Tax delinquents - and the perception that the city has not done enough to chase
them - have been cited frequently in the discussions surrounding Nutter's
property tax reform, the Actual Value Initiative (AVI).

The argument has been that the city should collect from delinquents before
implementing a system that is going to cause some homeowners' bills to
skyrocket.

But Nutter said unveiling his get-tough effort was not timed to coincide with
the releasing of the reassessment data, which could be mailed to property owners
by the end of next week.

"This message is timed to say, 'Pay your taxes, whenever they are due,' " Nutter
said. "It's also putting people on notice that we'll be much more aggressive in
coming after you."

Nutter said the city was owed $518 million in back taxes, interest, and
penalties at the end of the last fiscal year - $248 million from property taxes
over the last decade.

The city has been collecting about 91 percent of the taxes owed in recent years,
said Revenue Commissioner Keith Richardson.

But the city has had a spotty history of collecting taxes, even from its own
employees. Nutter has launched a number of efforts since 2008, including one
that forced tax-delinquent city workers into payment plans.

An Inquirer/PlanPhilly series of articles since 2011 has documented how
Philadelphia has the least-effective delinquent-property-tax collection system
of the nation's biggest cities, and the pile of delinquent property taxes has
continued to grow on Nutter's watch.

Nutter, who said the goal was to collect "everything," said the new strategy
could bring in about $260 million over the next five years.

With AVI looming, both City Council and the Philadelphia delegation in
Harrisburg have introduced legislation to give the city more tools to pursue
delinquent property owners, especially speculators who own multiple properties.

The delegation's bill, for example, would give the city permission to place
liens on any property in the state owned by someone not paying their property
taxes in Philadelphia.

Using city data, staff for Council President Darrell L. Clarke concluded that
100,000 parcels are tax-delinquent and 35,000 of them have owners with multiple
delinquent properties.

Going after back taxes is one way politicians hope to soften AVI's impact on
homeowners, clustered in fast-growing areas of the city, who are facing enormous
increases.

Politicians fear taxes under AVI could force out some older residents and stunt
the real estate market in neighborhoods such as Northern Liberties.

In about two weeks, most owners should get a letter informing them what the city
thinks their properties are worth.

The tax rate would be set during the budget process this spring. The
administration maintains that the rate would have to be between 1.3 and 1.4
percent to collect the same amount of revenue as last year, meaning $1,300 to
$1,400 per $100,000 of a home's value.

The resulting bills would be due in 2014.

Contact Troy Graham at 215-854-2730 or tgraham@phillynews.com, or follow on
Twitter @troyjgraham.


LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 5, 2014 Saturday
                                 Every Edition

Montgomery condos must disclose names of delinquent owners

BYLINE: Benny L. Kass

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. T43

LENGTH: 855 words


If you live in a Montgomery County condominium and are delinquent on your
periodic assessment, your name must be disclosed if a request is made by another
unit owner.

That's the decision of the Montgomery Commission on Common Ownership Communities
(CCOC), which was affirmed in February by the 6th Judicial Circuit Court of
Maryland.

Carl Brown is an owner at Americana Finnmark Condominium Association in Silver
Spring. A couple of years ago, he raised several concerns with the association's
management company, including a request for a list of the names and unit numbers
of all owners who were delinquent. Brown's legal argument in support of his
request was based on the bylaws of his association, which specifically state
that the board of directors may post a list of members who are delinquent.

When the association refused to honor any of Brown's requests, he filed a
complaint with the CCOC. This is a governmental agency with authority to
adjudicate disputes between homeowners and their associations.

The CCOC referred the matter to a Montgomery County hearing examiner, who
concluded that Brown could obtain a report with the names of delinquent owners
redacted. Moreover, the examiner denied Brown's request that the association
publicly post a list of delinquent owners. Her reasoning was based on the
language of the bylaws, namely that the board "may" post. This, according to the
examiner, "left the matter to the discretion of the Board . . . and thus comes
within the scope of the business judgment rule."

That rule - which applies in Maryland and Virginia - essentially means that
"courts will not second-guess the actions of directors unless it appears that
they are the result of fraud, dishonesty or incompetence," according to a 1992
Maryland court case. While the District previously rejected that rule,
legislation awaiting the mayor's approval would follow the law in neighboring
jurisdictions.

The CCOC rejected the examiner's recommendation regarding the disclosure of the
names of delinquent owners. However, it agreed with the examiner that the
association is under no duty to publicly post the names of its delinquent
members.

On Feb. 28, this ruling was affirmed by the Maryland court.

Publication of delinquent homeowners' names is a hot topic in community
associations. Proponents of disclosure argue that unit owners who are delinquent
will be shamed into bringing themselves current. Opponents say that disclosure
is an intrusive invasion of privacy and that the board has other remedies - such
as filing liens, lawsuits and foreclosures - to address the issue.

What should a condo board do when faced with a request for the names of
delinquent owners? In Maryland - especially in Montgomery - the law is clear.
The board must release those names.

However, there are some conditions that a board should impose on itself as well
as on the owner receiving the list. First, make absolutely sure that the list is
accurate. If, for example, the list says that Mark is delinquent as of the date
the owner received the list but Mark paid up before the list was printed, it is
an error and Mark could sue the association for libel. Accordingly, the list
that the board submits should be dated at least one month before it is provided
to anyone. That way, one can correctly state that "as of Feb. 1, Mark was
delinquent" in a certain dollar amount.

Next, the owner requesting the list should be asked to sign a confidentiality
agreement, consenting not to circulate the names outside the condominium
association. This is consistent with the law of this case, namely that the
delinquency list does not have to be posted for all to see.

Finally, the board should advise all owners who are delinquent that it is about
to provide a list to a requesting owner and then give them a few days to bring
themselves current so they can be removed from the list.

The Virginia condo act has language similar to Maryland's. Maryland law allows
the withholding, among other things, of "an individual's personal financial
reports." Virginia law allows associations to withhold "personnel matters
relating to specific, identified persons." The District's law is less clear: It
merely says that books and records must be made available for examination by
owners, and has no language that authorizes any withholding. And the courts in
the District, when confronted with an issue that has never been decided before
in the city, will often rely on Maryland law.

Delinquent owners clearly will object to any disclosure.

If a unit owner has a legitimate reason for the delinquency, he or she can meet
in private with the board (called executive session) and explain the problem.
The board can work out a reasonable payment plan, but any such agreement must be
reduced to writing and signed by the owner and a board member.

Benny L. Kass  is a Washington lawyer. This column is not legal advice and
should not be acted upon without obtaining legal counsel. For a free copy of the
booklet "A Guide to Settlement on Your New Home," send a self-addressed stamped
envelope to Benny L. Kass, 1050 17th St. NW, Suite 1100, Washington, D.C. 20036.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

IRS Mulling Proposal Allowing Michigan Counties to Continue Crucial Note Program

                              May 29, 1987, Friday

By Lynn Stevens

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 28


The Internal Revenue Service is considering a proposal to allow Michigan
counties to continue issuing tax-exempt, tax delinquent notes in return for an
agreement by the counties to phase out the notes by 1991.

The compromise proposal, which calls for the counties to take interim steps to
avoid earning arbitrage from the notes, was made on May 21 by the National Bank
of Detroit, a purchaser of the notes, on behalf of Wayne and other Michigan
counties.

The counties, supported by Rep. Howard Wolpe, D-Mich., had hoped that the IRS
would accept their proposal quickly so they could resume the delinquent tax note
program and avoid a financial crisis. Michigan counties, localities, and school
districts depend on proceeds from the notes to carry them through the fiscal
year, which ends June 30. At stake are hundreds of millions of dollars of notes.

In a May 12 letter, Rep. Wolpe urged J. Roger Mentz, the Treasury Department's
assistant secretary for tax policy, to make a decision on the proposal soon,
because of the "critical cash flow crisis (that) currently exists in Michigan."

But in another letter the Treasury received today, Michigan treasurer Robert A.
Bowman asked Mr. Mentz also to apply whatever decision the IRS makes on
delinquent tax notes to consolidated tax anticipation notes. Mr. Bowman's
request may slow the IRS' deliberations and is certain to cause concern among
some county officials who have been urging the IRS to consider delinquent tax
notes and consolidated anticipation notes separately.

Both the delinquent tax note and consolidated anticipation note programs are
unique to Michigan. The delinquent tax note program was started in the early
1970s to handle cash-flow shortages that occur at the end of the fiscal year,
before delinquent property taxes can be collected.

The program, which the counties run, operates on a revolving fund basis.
Essentially, county treasurers are empowered to borrow on the amount of
outstanding delinquent taxes. They compute the amount of delinquent taxes -
those that have not been collected as of March 1 - and then issue tax-exempt,
three-year notes to cover that amount. The proceeds of the notes are put into
the fund and then distributed to localities and school districts. The fund is
replenished from the delinquent taxes collected and the fees and interest
generated from the sale of the notes are pledged for repayment of the notes. Any
additional interest income from the notes is reinvested.

The consolidated anticipation note program was established in the early 1980s.
The program is run by cities and townships that borrow on the amount of total
taxes they expect to collect for the fiscal year. They issue notes that mature
within a year.

The IRS first raised questions about whether consolidated anticipation notes
should be considered tax-exempt under the Tax Reform Act of 1986 when the city
of Lansing announced an offering last summer. In November, an anonymous letter
focused the IRS' scrutiny on delinquent tax notes as well. These concerns
brought both programs to a standstill, which created serious problems for at
least one county - Kent - which had already sold, but had not delivered, $15.5
million of delinquent tax notes. That sale has since been canceled.

Meanwhile, counties and localities, which cannot get opinions from bond counsel
verifying that the delinquent tax notes and consolidated anticipation notes they
plan to issue will be tax-exempt, are sweating out the last few months of the
fiscal year, waiting for clarification from the IRS.

"It's creating a real fiscal hardship," one county official said.

The issue is whether or not delinquent tax notes and consolidated anticipation
notes are acquired obligations or cash-flow borrowings. Either of these
categories would be considered tax-exempt under the new tax reform law. The IRS,
sources said, has suggested that the notes would not qualify as either -
particularly not as cash flow borrowings - because neither the counties nor the
localities can show deficits for the months in which they issue the notes.

The counties, sources said, are taking the position that delinquent tax notes
are acquired obligations.

"We're acquiring a delinquent tax obligation from townships and school
districts," said one county official, "With (consolidated anticipation notes)
there is no acquired obligation and no cash flow problem. We feel that these are
two separate issues, and we don't want them considered together."

But Michigan state officials see things differently. They contend that the two
types of notes are very similar and have even coined the acronymn D-Tans - which
county officials refuse to recognize - to suggest a relationship to consolidated
anticipation notes, which are often referred to as C-Tans.

"The only difference between C-Tans and D-Tans is that C-Tans are for current
taxes and D-Tans are for delinquent taxes," said one state official, adding
that, "We want the IRS to consider the notes together. We don't want the IRS to
treat one governmental entity differently from another." The state, the official
stressed, is not taking a position on whether the notes should be tax-exempt,
just that they should be treated comparably.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 879 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 22, 2009 Sunday

New bill to protect Ky. delinquent taxpayers

BYLINE: Carrie Stambaugh, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1043 words


Mar. 22--CATLETTSBURG -- Gov. Steve Beshear signed into law last week a bill
that restricts the fees and penalties placed on delinquent property tax bills
purchased by third parties, local officials say.

The new law also transfers responsibility of selling the bills from the
sheriff's office to the county clerk's office. Boyd County officials say they
will put new software in place in time for the sale of 2008 property tax bills.

Boyd County Clerk Debbie Jones said she and Boyd County Sheriff Terry Keelin are
already working with their software providers to update and allow for smooth
transition this year. On April 15, the sheriff's tax office will close for 2008
bills and they will go to the clerk's office.

The tax bills will eventually go up for sale and third parties will still be
allowed to buy up to 10 percent of the total amount delinquent or $200,000,
which ever is less. But Jones said she expects to be able to delay their sale
longer to give residents more opportunities to pay them before they fall into
the hands of third parties.

Under the new law, after the bills are transferred to the clerk's office the
public has until July 16 to pay the bill before they can be purchased by third
parties.

Boyd County Attorney Philip Hedrick said the new law also requires additional
notification to property owners that their tax bills are delinquent. Letters
must be sent to property owners after 30 days and then again after 60 days that
tax bills are delinquent.

The new law also requires individuals and entities who purchase three bills in
one county, five statewide or more than $10,000 worth to register with the State
Department of Revenue and be in good standing with the Attorney General's Office
of Consumer Protection.

In addition, the new law severely limits the amount of fees third parties can
place on the tax bills and prohibits tax liens to be sold to any third party if
the county has set up a payment plan in which payments are current or when the
property is involved in litigation. (See box for a schedule of fees third
parties can charge).

The bill also requires additional correspondence from the third parties to the
property owner. A copy of the notices must be retained by the third party as
well.

Jones said she thinks the new regulations will help to eliminate residents
having to pay exorbitant fees or having their property foreclosed on by third
parties. "We want people to have every opportunity to pay those bills before
third parties come in and buy them," she said.

A Dallas-based company, Tax Ease Lien Investments 1, LLC, is the No. 1 purchaser
of delinquent tax bills in Boyd County, Jones said. Wachovia and Kentucky Tax
Service are also frequent purchasers.

Jones said the companies began buying more than $1 million in property tax bills
delinquent in 2005, but despite their ability to foreclose on homes a year and a
day after purchasing the bills many including Tax Ease waited until this year to
begin collection procedures on most of them, she said.

According to records collected from the Boyd County Circuit Clerk's office,
there are at least five properties in the process of being foreclosed on by Tax
Ease. Records show the company, in addition to collecting the original amount of
delinquent taxes, are charging residents the same 12 percent annual interest
rate counties would charge in addition to attorneys', late and interest fees.

She said the trend of purchasing, tacking on large fees and the foreclosing on
properties seems to be accelerating. "We always have (third party) attorneys in
the vault researching these properties they have liens on for foreclosures," she
said.

If a third party doesn't buy a delinquent bill, the county attorney has the
obligation to collect that property bill for two years, Jones said. If that
doesn't happen, the county clerk can try to collect. Most counties are vigilant
about doing that, she said, because they need the revenues.

Being able to collect revenue is the reason the bills are up for sale in the
first place, Jones said. The companies provide revenue by paying the delinquent
bills.

"The county does get some reward from the third party purchases, but I just
think it's terrible that the Boyd County taxpayers and property owners are
caught in the middle of this," Jones said.

The Kentucky County Clerks Association supported the legislation, which was
introduced by state Rep. Arnold Simpson D-Covington.

Phone calls to both Tax Ease and Wachovia seeking comment about the practices
went unanswered during the course of two weeks.

On its Web site, Tax Ease describes itself as "an investment company focused on
community opportunities. TELI works with state and local taxing authorities to
provide millions of dollars in revenue by paying the tax obligations of
delinquent debtor."

Jones said her office is also trying to educate financial institutions and
taxpayers to be vigilant in knowing when a tax bill is due on a property.

"I also want to encourage the financial institutions to make sure that when
property mortgages and loans are finalized, that person realizes there is a tax
bill due in October that year regardless of when they buy that property and to
be vigilant of owing that bill. That will eliminate a lot of delinquencies
also," she said.

To further improve services to taxpayers, Jones and Keelin are also planning
eventually to combine their tax offices when the new Boyd County Justice Center
is completed. Currently the two offices are in the old courthouse but are not
accessible to each other except through an outside door. When the new justice
center opens, the sheriff plans to relocate most of his staff to the annex, but
the tax staff will stay behind. Renovations will connect the clerk's and
sheriff's offices.

CARRIE STAMBAUGH can be reached at cstambaugh@dailyindependent.com or (606)
326-2653.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090322-KA-New-bill-to-protect-Ky-delinquent-taxpayers-0322

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                                 Copyright 2009


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            nationalmortgagenews.com

                                January 4, 2016

CMBS Delinquency Rate Worsened in December: Trepp

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: SERVICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 172  words


The delinquency rate on commercial mortgage-backed securities rose slightly in
December, according to Trepp.

The rate of U.S. commercial real estate loans embedded in CMBS that were
delinquent rose 4 basis points in December to 5.17%, compared to November, Trepp
said. Even with the worsening, the delinquency rate is still 58 basis points
lower than the end of 2014.

About $1.6 billion of CMBS loans became newly delinquent in December. The
largest newly delinquent loan in the quarter was a $190 million office property
loan in Bridgewater, N.J. Also going delinquent in the quarter was a $133
million loan for the Triangle Town Center retail development in Raleigh, N.C.

Total delinquencies stood at $26.4 billion.

The industrial CMBS delinquency rate fell 26 basis points to 5.73%. The lodging
delinquency rate rose 7 basis points to 2.82%. The multifamily delinquency rate
rose 13 basis points to 8.28%.

The office property delinquency rate rose 6 basis points to 5.79% and the retail
delinquency rate rose 12 basis points to 5.76%.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 27, 2013 Sunday

City taxes due Friday

BYLINE: Steve Vied, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 296 words


Oct. 27--City of Owensboro property taxes are due on Friday, Nov. 1, and will
become delinquent if not paid by the last day of November, Angela Hamric, the
city's director of finance, announced.

But taxpayers who wait until the final few days of the month to pay in person or
by telephone could run into difficulty. Because of the Thanksgiving holiday,
City Hall will be closed on Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 28, as well as Nov. 29. The
last day of the month, Nov. 30, is a Saturday, and City Hall is closed on that
day as well.

To avoid penalty and interest, payments made in person or called in must be made
no later than 5 p.m., Nov. 27. Mailed payments must be postmarked no later than
Nov. 30.

Last year, more than 1,900 city property tax bills were delinquent, resulting in
penalties assessed and interest charged, Hamric said.

"In 2012 we had 24,852 tax bills," Hamric said. "Of that, we had 1,905 bills
delinquent. We collected $41,669 in penalty/interest on the delinquent bills
that have been paid."

Penalty and interest will be applied to all delinquent accounts starting on Dec.
1. The penalty for delinquent property taxes is 10 percent. Interest is applied
monthly at a rate of 0.5 percent, or 6 percent on an annual basis.

Hamric said payments may be made in person at City Hall, phoned in or mailed.
The city accepts checks, cash and Visa, MasterCard and Discover. Cash should not
be mailed, however.

City Hall is located at 101 E. Fourth St. Business hours -- Monday through
Friday -- are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. The phone number for tax payments is
270-687-8537.

Steve Vied, 691-7297, svied@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2013 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131027-OW-City-taxes-due-Friday-1027-20131027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2013 Messenger-Inquirer


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Bill gives cities new options in B&O tax collection

BYLINE: Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


May 23--CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- The WV Municipal League has announced that bill HB
4163 passed during the 2016 Legislative Session will assist municipalities in
the collection of delinquent Business and Occupation taxes.

HB 4163 provides municipalities plenary power and authority to adopt an
ordinance providing for the publication of delinquent business and occupation
taxes; provides notice requirements; requires policies and procedures regarding
the preparation, publication and posting of a delinquent business and occupation
list; and allows for a reasonable charge to be added to the amount owed by a
delinquent taxpayer to cover the costs of preparing, publishing and posting a
delinquent list. The bill was passed on March 2nd and goes into effect ninety
days from passage.

"Like the State, municipalities are seeing a significant downturn in tax
collections with the energy market weighing in on their general revenues", Lisa
Dooley Executive Director of the WV Municipal League said. "In order to continue
to provide services to our constituents it is imperative that we be given the
tools to collect what is due to the city."

Dooley also said the work of the Logan City Clerk paid off during the session.
Amber Miller-Viars assisted the League in its lobbying effort and from her hard
work the bill has been named by the League as "Amber's Bill".

The WV Municipal League represents all 234 municipalities in the State of West
Virginia and has more than 2,500 elected and appointed members. City of Logan
Mayor Serafino J. Nolletti has served as a board member for the Municipal League
for five years and both Nolletti and Viars have been active in the League
activities. The City of Logan hosted the first Municipal League board meeting in
October of 2015 which showcased the Hatfield McCoy Trails, Logan County Airport,
Chief Logan Convention Center and downtown businesses.

"I am very proud of our City Clerk for assisting the League in getting this very
critical bill passed that will assist all cities in the State of West Virginia
in collecting revenue to support their vital services," said Mayor Nolletti.
"She went above and beyond out of her scope of work to ensure this bill saw
passage and she did it to help all cities."

Viars was quick to give credit to the League and leaders on the State level when
asked about the bill.

"It was an honor to have this opportunity to do this on behalf of the League.
They are a true friend of all cities and give us tools to be more successful,"
Viars said. "I have to credit Senator (Craig) Blair -- as well as Senator Mark
Maynard -- who are members of the Government Organization Committee. I
appreciate all of their leadership and look forward to working with them on more
Municipal issues in the future."

___ (c)2016 the Coal Valley News (Madison, W.Va.) Visit the Coal Valley News
(Madison, W.Va.) at www.coalvalleynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160523-1WV-Bill-gives-cities-new-options-in-B-O-tax-collection-0523-20160523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WV


                    Copyright 2016 Coal Valley News, Madison


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            March 11, 2010, Thursday

Kanawha going after 14 delinquent taxpayers owing $525,000

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 302 words


Kanawha County tax officials are getting ready to go to court to try to collect
more than $500,000 in delinquent property taxes.

Last year, officials for the sheriff's tax department and prosecutor's office
joined forces against companies and individuals who are perpetually delinquent.
They went after 20 of the worst offenders last year.

Allen Bleigh, chief tax deputy for Sheriff Mike Rutherford, said county
officials are about to go after 14 more delinquent taxpayers who owe the county
about $525,000. Bleigh said letters are being drawn up now telling them they
need to pay up.

"We're going to give them 20 days to respond," Bleigh said Wednesday. After
that, county prosecutors will take the deadbeat taxpayers to court.

The largest overdue tax bills - which total just under $174,810 - come from
three defunct synthetic fuel companies that trace back to the same address in
Massachusetts. New River Synfuel LLC, Imperial Synfuel LLC and Calla Synfuel LLC
all have links to the same address in Cohasset, Mass., according to records on
file with the Secretary of State's Office.

The last of the companies apparently went out of business in 2008.

Several of the companies that still owe property taxes have gone out of
business. Steve & Barry's, a discount clothing store at the Charleston Town
Center Mall that went out of business in November 2008, still owes the county
close to $96,000. Value City Department Store, which shut down its store in St.
Albans after the parent company went bankrupt in 2008, left town owing more than
$25,000 in property taxes.

Bleigh said that if county officials can't find local company officials who are
still in business, they'll try to go after parent companies.

"You just have to take it one step at a time," he said.

Reach Rusty Marks at rustymarks@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1215.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                 FEBRUARY 7, 1996 Wednesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

WHITMAN PROPOSES GENEROUS TAX AMNESTY< SCOFFLAWS WOULD HAVE 90 DAYS TO PAY UP
WITHOUT LATE< FEES AND INTEREST. THAT'S A BIGGER BREAK THAN IN PA.

BYLINE: James M. O'Neill, INQUIRER TRENTON BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


Pennsylvania's tax cheats would be envious.

First Gov. Whitman cut the state income tax 30 percent. Now she wants to give
New Jersey's tax delinquents a reprieve. And the deal she proposes is far more
lenient than the one Pennsylvania recently offered.

The Whitman administration has unveiled a plan to give anyone who is delinquent
on state income, sales and corporate business-tax payments a 90-day amnesty
period. If the scofflaws made their full tax payment, they would avoid late fees
and interest penalties.

Those who ignore the amnesty would be subject to an extra non-negotiable 5
percent fine. Treasurer Brian Clymer predicted the amnesty program would bring
in an extra $70 million in revenue.

The Pennsylvania amnesty plan enacted under Gov. Ridge took a more aggressive
stance. It waived the normal late fee charged to any tax delinquent, but not
interest penalties. While that may not sound as enticing as New Jersey's plan,
consider that Pennsylvania's plan also slapped a 15 percent charge on those who
ignored the amnesty, far more severe than Whitman's 5 percent fine.

So while Pennsylvania, with a more powerful compliance tool at its disposal,
sought to collect accrued interest from delinquents, the Whitman plan would
write off the chance to collect interest.

Under New Jersey tax law, delinquents are subject to a 5 percent late fee and an
additional 5 percent interest penalty for each month that taxes are not paid, up
to a ceiling of 25 percent.

At any given time, New Jersey's 4.5 million taxpayers owe the state about $1
billion in delinquent taxes, according to Matt McDonald, a spokesman with the
treasurer's office. He said the state's normal enforcement manages to bring in
$550 million of that, and the rest slips through the cracks.

McDonald said the $70 million generated by the amnesty plan would be above the
$550 million normally collected through enforcement. The state had no figures on
delinquency, but the federal government estimates that 13 percent of taxpayers
underpay or fail to pay.

In Pennsylvania, which estimates that delinquent taxes amount to $900 million at
any given time, the recent amnesty generated 56,000 filings and pulled in $90
million.

That's slightly less than the $117 million that had been predicted, according to
Deb Snyder, a spokeswoman with the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue. Because
it was Pennsylvania's first amnesty ever, it was open to anyone with delinquent
taxes up to Dec. 31, 1993. Snyder said the oldest filing generated by the
amnesty processed so far involves a sale-and-use tax bill from 1963.

New Jersey's amnesty would be limited to those with delinquent bills from Jan.
1, 1987 to Jan. 1, 1996. Those who were eligible to file under the state's
previous amnesty in 1987 and did not participate would be ineligible this time.
Neither would businesses or individuals under criminal investigation for failure
to pay taxes or those who had already negotiated a settlement with the state.

The 1987 amnesty, like Pennsylvania's, required delinquents who settled to pay
interest as well as the principal.

Assemblyman Walter J. Kavanaugh (R., Somerset), who sponsored the amnesty bill
before the legislature, said an amnesty would not only bring in money from
delinquents the state knows about, but generate new revenue from businesses the
state does not have on file and should be paying taxes.

The 1987 amnesty brought in $183 million, of which $67 million was from
businesses not previously on the state rolls, according to Kavanaugh.

Some might argue that an amnesty would be unfair to those who pay on time. But
Kavanaugh and others said amnesties bring in money that might otherwise not have
been collected, easing the tax burden on the righteous and broadening the base
of who pays.

The $70 million that Clymer says he expects to raise through the amnesty has
already been included in a projected $890 million surplus to be carried over in
Whitman's proposed budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1.

But Verenda Smith of the Washington-based Federation of Tax Administrators said
much revenue generated by amnesties often amounts to accelerated collections
that would have occurred through a state's enforcement anyway. That means
collection of delinquent taxes falls off sharply in the months or years after
the amnesty expires, she said.

The administration needs approval from the full Senate and Assembly for the
amnesty to take effect. But an Assembly committee approved the amnesty proposal
earlier this week, and lawmakers in both parties have expressed support for the
measure.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 23, 2009 Thursday

Gate City to collect late taxes

BYLINE: Carrie Stambaugh, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 596 words


Apr. 23--CATLETTSBURG -- While some local governments are taking steps to shield
delinquent taxpayers from third party purchasers of late bills, the city of
Catlettsburg is encouraging it.

Gate City officials hope to collect thousands of dollars in unpaid property
taxes and boost city coffers through the practice. After a brief discussion
Tuesday night the council voted 6-0 in favor of contacting Dallas-based Tax Ease
Lien Investments 1 LLC, to ask it to purchase all the city's delinquent bills.

Mayor Pauline Hunt said the city has "thousands" in unpaid property tax bills
dating back as much as seven years. She said the city sends notices to those
taxpayers about their overdue bills but few ever pay them.

Councilman Donald Wellman raised the issue at Tuesday's meeting. He said other
local governments, including Boyd County, benefit from having tax bills paid by
third parties, who then place liens against the property to collect, and
Catlettsburg should, too.

Wellman said he doesn't feel sorry for delinquent taxpayers whose late bills
will increase when sold and could be at risk for having their property
foreclosed on if they don't pay up.

"We send them tax bills. If they had any intention to pay the taxes why wouldn't
they pay them? They owe us. We ought to sell these taxes. We need the money," he
said.

Councilman David Marushi also spoke in favor of the move. "I think we should
move forward," he said.

Marushi also said he thought it was unnecessary to inform delinquent taxpayers
that their unpaid bills were at risk of being sold to a third party. They have
already received ample delinquent notices, he said.

Several meeting attendees spoke out against the practice, pointing out that
companies such as Tax Ease have been criticized for tacking other large fees on
delinquent bills in addition to 12 percent late penalties allowed under state
laws.

They also argued substantial liens could sour investments in town by turning off
buyers of vacant property. Several potential buyers of one such building at the
corner of 23rd Street and Broadway, which has substantial liens by third
parties, have opted not to buy the property because of the situation, they said.

Other council members were skeptical at first, including Jimmie Epling.

Epling said he wanted to know if the city could see the fees and penalties Tax
Ease would charge residents before deciding.

Councilman Randall Peterman asked if other third parties would be allowed to
purchase bills if they wanted. Wellman responded they always could.

New legislation passed by the Kentucky General Assembly in the last session and
now in effect does set forth some new restrictions on the sale of delinquent tax
bills.

Third parties who purchase $10,000 worth, or more than five bills statewide, or
three in one county, to register with the state Department of Revenue and be in
good standing with the Attorney General's Office of Consumer Protection.

The new law also severely limits the amount of fees third parties can place on
bills. It also has notification and record retention provisions.

CARRIE STAMBAUGH can be reached at cstambaugh@dailyindependent.com or (606)
326-2653.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090423-KA-Gate-City-to-collect-late-taxes-0423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                                 Copyright 2009


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bylaws May Deny Delinquent Owners Positions On Board

BYLINE: RICHARD WHITE, Tribune correspondent

SECTION: BAYLIFE AT HOME; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 592 words


By RICHARD WHITE

Tribune correspondent

Q. What ethics are involved if a unit owner has decided to run for the board and
has not paid maintenance on his condominium unit? Suppose he wins the election
with maintenance in arrears and the voters do not know this information. Do the
owners have a right to know this information?

Can a unit owner ask and be given this information? Do unit owners have the
right to know who has not paid maintenance on a unit?

B.I.

Hollywood

A. Normally, I do not recommend that names of delinquent owners be made public.
I recommend that unit numbers or addresses be published.

But in this case, I would have the candidates put the information in their
candidate information sheet. I would put the pressure on the delinquent owner by
making sure that a lien is placed on the unit and have an attorney to start
foreclosure action.

Some documents say a delinquent owner cannot hold a director's position, so
check your bylaws.


Q. Where can I find (via a Web site or handbook) a copy of laws that govern
property owners associations?

F.P.

Inverness

A. For condominiums, use FS 718; for cooperatives, use FS 719. For homeowners
associations, use FS 720. For time shares use FS 721, and mobile home rental
associations use FS 723. They can be located at www.leg.state.fl.us.

There are other statutes that an association can become involved with. The
statute for not-for-profit corporations is FS 617. Associations also maybe
involved with the Florida Administrative Codes and other state documents.

Do not forget that associations fall under certain federal codes such as IRS tax
requirements. If you cannot find the statutes you need, call the state at (850)
488-1122 or write DBPR, 1940 N. Monroe St., Tallahassee FL 32399-1030.


Q. Our association is starting the process of updating our official documents.
The documents that were inherited from the builder were very generic and are in
need of updating. Can you please provide any guidance on this process; i.e., any
steps that we need to consider or pitfalls to avoid?

Are there sample documents that you can point us to that would be a good
starting point? Do you have a check list of items that need to be considered to
write good documents?

J.K.

Miami

A. The primary reason for me not addressing modification of documents is that I
am against most changes to the documents.

You do not change just because you want to add or remove restrictions. Owners
purchased with a set of rules and regulations regardless of how good or bad they
are. If you have read your documents, you should understand what you purchased.
You do not go in with the attitude of trying to modify your lifestyle.

There is no such thing as a guide or standard set of documents. Although many
developers ask an attorney to draft the first set of rules and regulations, many
call them boiler-plate documents.

If you feel the documents need to be changed, you need to talk with the members
and get their input and suggestions. Once you have members' approval, contact an
attorney to draft the new documents.

Caution: Do not attempt to make the changes without legal guidance. Some changes
could result in documents that make home transfers impossible.

Richard White is a licensed community association manager. He does not offer
legal opinions; any questions concerning association operations can be sent to
Richard White, 6039 Cypress Gardens Blvd., No. 201, Winter Haven FL 33884-4115;
or e-mail camquestion@cfl.rr.com

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: RULES OF THE ROOST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                               May 6, 2011 Friday

San Bernardino going after tardy landlords

BYLINE: Josh Dulaney, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


SAN BERNARDINO - The city is setting liens on properties to collect rising
delinquent business registration fees from landlords.

A preliminary list showing 224 delinquent landlords was presented to the City
Council, which took action Monday.

City Clerk Rachel Clark later said more than $89,000 in delinquent fees were
owed to the city.

Twenty-one people paid their overdue fees Monday, she said.

When someone rents out a property, they must pay a $60 annual fee to the city.

The city typically conducts about four sets of liens a year on delinquent fees.
The city code requires that landlords be given proper notice of delinquent
registration fees.

Three notices were mailed to each property owner on the preliminary list
provided to the council, the last notice being sent by certified mail, according
to a staff report.

A notice also was sent out about Monday's hearing on the liens.

"We give them several opportunities to come forward," Clark said.

She said the liens initially go through the San Bernardino County Recorder's
Office, and then to the county Assessor's Office.

"They go on the tax rolls in August and (the money) ultimately comes back to the
city," Clark said.

Penalties also are tacked onto the fees.

Staff removed 20 names from the preliminary list because those people no longer
were renting their properties out, having moved back onto the sites.

Clark said the number of such delinquencies has gone up and that staff has been
shuffled around to handle the load.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday

Foreclosure rate slows: Metro Los Angeles area sees decrease in delinquent loans

BYLINE: By Gregory J. Wilcox Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Foreclosure activity in metropolitan Los Angeles slowed in the second quarter,
with the region ranking well below the nation's 25 most-distressed communities,
according to a study released Tuesday.

Los Angeles fell from 98th place in the first quarter to 124th in the second
quarter in terms of foreclosure activity, said foreclosure-response.org , which
based its report on loan performance data provided by LPS Applied Analytics.

The region ranked 68th in loans that are considered seriously delinquent,
compared with 64th the previous quarter.

"Relative to other places, things have gotten better in Los Angeles," said
Jeffrey Lubell, executive director of the Center for Housing Policy, a partner
in the website.

The group tracks the foreclosure landscape in 366 of the nation's metro areas.

In Los Angeles, the report said, 4.6 percent of loans were in foreclosure from
April through June, and 6.4 percent were at least 90 days past due.

The number of loans considered seriously delinquent is the total of those two
numbers, or 11 percent for the metro area. That's down slightly from 11.7 in the
first quarter.

A year earlier, the rate of loans in Los Angeles considered seriously delinquent
was 9.9 percent.

While the foreclosure inventory may continue to climb as past-due loans move
into foreclosure, there is reason to think the problem may be stabilizing,
Lubell said.

"There may still be more foreclosures to come, but the rate of foreclosures is
declining," Lubell said. "There is a quarter-to-quarter improvement. If that
trend were to continue, it would be quite encouraging."

If anything, activity here seems to have flattened out, he said.

In contrast, the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach area ranks first in
foreclosures and serious mortgage delinquencies with rates of 17.8 and 25.6
percent, respectively.

And Florida could be in for some more housing pain and foreclosures, the report
noted. That state dominated the top 25 list and placed nine cities in the top
10.

By comparison, California had seven of the 25 metro areas with the highest
serious delinquency rates. Among those were the Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario
areas, where 17 percent of mortgages are in foreclosure or three months past
due.

Andrew LePage, an analyst at MDA DataQuick, said that it appears Los Angeles,
and some parts of California, are recovering from the flood of foreclosures on
subprime loans that were rapidly flushed through the system and drove down
housing prices.

"Does it appear we'll see that again? No, there hasn't been any evidence of
that, but that's not to say we won't be at a relatively high level of
foreclosures for the next two years or so."

greg.wilcox@dailynews.com

818-713-3743

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            February 2, 2009 Monday

Unified system might collect delinquent Allegheny-area tax

BYLINE: Tim Puko

LENGTH: 401 words


Delinquent taxes and fees soon could be collected by one program shared by
Allegheny County, Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Public Schools and the Pittsburgh Water
and Sewer Authority.

Tax collection would be outsourced to Jordan Tax Service, which brings $1
million per month into county coffers, according to county Treasurer John
Weinstein. The other agencies have up to $100 million combined in outstanding
taxes and fees, and government officials said the program could double their
annual collections.

The authority and city schools have approved cooperation agreements. County
Council has a bill in committee, and Mayor Luke Ravenstahl could propose
legislation within weeks, city finance director Scott Kunka said.

Weinstein said the move is a big step for local consolidation efforts and could
lead eventually to total tax consolidation.

"I think it's pretty historic because it's a large service to start
integrating," said Christopher M. Berdnik, chief financial officer for
Pittsburgh Public Schools. "It's a pretty big deal."

The county first contracted with Jordan about five years ago, Weinstein said.
The company has collected $60 million for the county by setting up payment plans
with delinquent taxpayers. It uses a state law allowing Jordan to charge people
a 10 percent fee on top of the back taxes.

The Water and Sewer Authority, which is moving to Jordan in anticipation of
combined collection, had outsourced before, but had to pay its contractor from
the collected money. Government officials think they can save money by charging
that fee to the delinquent payers and by having one unified bill to simplify the
payment process and cut down on administrative costs.

"Government is not very good at delinquent tax collection, especially on real
estate," Weinstein said. "People get notice from the government and they don't
pay a lot of attention to it."

Dan Holland of the Young Preservationists Association of Pittsburgh said
delinquent taxes and vacant properties have been a barrier to development in the
city for years.

"It sounds like a good idea," he said. "(But) there's an assumption that they
can collect. ... You can send them a bill, but that assumes they're responsible
and will pay."

The agreement could be implemented by March 1, Pittsburgh Water and Sewer
Authority Executive Director Michael Kenney said. Berdnik said it likely will
take longer, maybe three to six months.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            August 4, 2007 Saturday

Bankruptcies, lawsuits slow payments

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1318 words


By David Crowder

El Paso Times

Asarco, El Paso's newest hospital, the Tiguas and the man who owns more historic
buildings than anyone else in town are among the city's top 20 delinquent
taxpayers.

The city's tax office, which collects property taxes for all 29 taxing entities
in El Paso County, sent out tax notices last year for $718 million in all, of
which about $22 million -- or 3 percent -- has gone delinquent.

In all, according to the city's consolidated tax records, more than $63 million
in delinquent taxes is owed to those jurisdictions.

"We've already collected $719 million in current and delinquent taxes this
fiscal year, and of the $63 million that is delinquent, we'll probably collect
$20 million to $21 million in the next 12 months," City Tax Assessor-Collector
Juan Sandoval said.

The top 20 delinquent accounts total $4.7 million, of which $719,198 is owed to
the city.

"I would say most are in bankruptcy, in lawsuits for nonpayment, or they just
became delinquent and have been turned over to our attorneys," Sandoval said.

At the top of this list is Albuquerque-based Roadrunner Trucking Inc., which was
among the biggest trucking companies in the nation before it went out of
business in 2005.

"They're not in bankruptcy, but we have a court judgment on that account, which
became delinquent in 2004," Sandoval said.

Today, Mesilla Valley Trucking is operating on Roadrunner's former site at 7440
Doniphan.

Physician's Hospital East, which filed for bankruptcy this year, is second on
the list at $579,525 when its delinquent personal property taxes for 2006 are
combined with the unpaid taxes on real estate listed under Physicians Specialty
Hospital's account at the same address, 1416 George Dieter.

"There's a bankruptcy pending," said Dr. O.R. Brooker, who is among the
hospital's owners. "There are bidders that are going to be bidding on the
hospital. There will be an auction ... that I suspect will be in October."

Brooker said the high-tech, 40-bed hospital had a great location in an area of
the city that is medically underserved, but it could not attract enough doctors.

"There's a shortage of physicians in El Paso, and it's hard to get people to
move their business somewhere else," Brooker said. "Recently, the hospital has
been doing well, breaking even and close to a profit."

Fourth on the list at $375,815 is Asarco, which filed for bankruptcy in 2004 and
has not paid that year's taxes on 22 accounts for equipment and properties
contiguous to the plant.

"They have paid for '05 and '06, but their bankruptcy plan has not been
approved, so that's why they're not making any payments," Sandoval said. "They
are current except for that one year."

Heritage Automotive, fifth on the list with $211,550 delinquent on 22 accounts
for 2003 and 2004, filed for bankruptcy in 2004.

Also in bankruptcy is Delphi Automotive Systems, the General Motors supplier,
which owes $204,075 in taxes for 2005, the year it filed for bankruptcy
protection.

The corporation that owns El Paso's premier Downtown hotel, the Camino Real, is
ninth on the list at $165,064 -- one year's delinquency.

The hotel's taxable valuation dropped from $11.7 million last year to $9.2
million this year, indicating a valuation challenge.

South-West city Rep. Beto O'Rourke said he was disturbed to hear that the
biggest and oldest Downtown hotel is behind in its taxes at a time when the city
is trying to revitalize the area.

He said that the city has been concerned about the hotel for some time and that
last year, he met with the Camino Real's general manager, Michelle Kaip, to
voice his concerns about the hotel's condition.

"She assured me they are committed to bringing that hotel back up to the
community's expectations," he said.

Kaip said she could not discuss the delinquent taxes because a lawsuit is
pending that involves taxes.

"I will tell you we have completed a multimillion renovation earlier this year,
so the hotel is in great shape now," she said. "As far as our financial
viability, we are doing very well."

On the tax rolls, the Camino Real is owned by Hotel Paso del Norte Inc. Kaip
said it is owned by Camino Real Hotels and Resorts, a Mexico City corporation
that owns more than 20 hotels in Mexico and one in the United States, El Paso's
Camino Real.

The Tigua Indian reservation, Ysleta del Sur Pueblo, is No. 17 on the list and
owes $113,611 in back taxes on 45 property accounts, Sandoval said.

The tribe has payment agreements on every account that Sandoval checked.

And 18th on the delinquency list is William D. "Billy" Abraham, who owes
$112,411 in back taxes on two properties, the Newberry Building at 201 Stanton
and the historic but vacant 1880s railroad depot at Campbell Street and
Interstate 10.

Abraham said he is protesting the valuation on both buildings and has paid the
taxes on the uncontested value.

He owns nearly 20 historic buildings in the Downtown area, and is being
prosecuted by the city over code violations at a number of them. The city has
initiated eminent domain proceedings against him to take possession of the
Albert Fall Mansion, alleging Abraham has allowed it to fall into serious
disrepair.

Central Appraisal District records show a protest is active on the Newberry
Building, the valuation of which was raised to $800,525 this year from last
year's $685,865.

The protest over the former depot's value appears to be concluded, and it is
listed on the appraisal roll at $809,048, about $10,000 higher than last year's
value.

Sandoval said the city aggressively pursues delinquent taxes, through the law
firm hired to handle collections and tax lawsuits: Delgado, Acosta, Spencer,
Linebarger and Perez.

After July 1, a 20 percent surcharge is applied to tax accounts that go
delinquent each year and, when the taxes, penalty and interest are paid --
whether legal action has been taken or not -- that surcharge goes to the law
firm.

Last year, the firm received $3.5 million in collection fees, and the firm has
been paid that much through July for the first 11 months of this fiscal year,
Sandoval said.

"There are accounts that are easy to collect," Sandoval said. "But, there are
other accounts that are not resolved for years that take a considerable amount
of effort to collect."

David Crowder may be reached at dcrowder@elpasotimes.com; 546-6194

Ruben R. Ramirez / El Paso Times

AMOUNT OWED: $113,611.43

Victor Calzada / El Paso Times

Victor Calzada / El Paso Times

AMOUNT OWED: $579,525.79

Times file photo

AMOUNT OWED: $165,064.91

Ysleta del sur pueblo (Tiguas)

HOTEL PASO DEL norte (camino Real)

Physicians Hospital

ASARCO INC.

That's how much money is owed in delinquent taxes in El Paso County. How is it
being collected?

$63 million

Special report

Who owes taxes



Top 20 delinquent taxpayers
Name Delinquent
amount*

1. Road Runner Trucking Inc.$606,006
2. Physicians Specialty Hospital/ $579,525
Physicians Hospital East
3. F-Star Socorro $381LP,385
4. Asarco Inc. $375,815
5. Heritage Automotive $211Center,550
6. Delphi Automotive Systems $204LLC,075
7. Sierra Properties Inc. $194,840
8. Thrifty Car Rental $168,147
9. Hotel Paso del Norte Inc.$165,064
(Camino Real Hotel)
10. Frank E. Zarsky-trustee $160,058
11. Burlington Coat Factory $128,872
12. El Paso Rivera Investments Ltd.$123,493
13. Supermarket Enterprises $122LP,937
(Blue Sage grocery stores)
Name Delinquent
amount*

14. Mountain Star $120Transport,048
15. Don Quixote Mobile Home Estates $119,369
16. Caterpillar Financial Service Corp.$118,432
17. Ysleta del Sur $113Pueblo,611
18. William D. "Billy" Abraham -- $112trustee,411
19. Verde Americas Industrial Park $104LP,751
20. Marmico $104Enterprises,397

TOTAL $4,674,003

* Combined taxes owed to school districts, the city of El Paso and other
municipalities, the El Paso County, El Paso County Hospital District (Thomason
Hospital), El Paso Community College and other taxing jurisdictions. Taxes are
levied and collected by the El Paso city tax office for 29 taxing jurisdictions.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

New Pa. bills for city school shortfall

BYLINE: By Martha Woodall; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1150 words


As the Philadelphia School Reform Commission prepares to vote on a doomsday
budget with massive cuts, a state senator Tuesday announced legislation that
would funnel more funds to the schools by giving the city new powers to crack
down on delinquent taxpayers.

State Sen. Mike Stack (D., Phila.) said the legislative package he will
introduce this week in Harrisburg - with support from Mayor Nutter - would
require the city to garnish up to 10 percent of the wages of delinquent
taxpayers, give local governments authority to attach bank accounts to collect
unpaid taxes without going to court, and allow municipalities to put liens on
property anywhere in the state that is owned by delinquent taxpayers.

Stack's proposals are the latest ideas for helping the district plug a $304
million shortfall it will face July 1. His bills join others in the legislative
hopper, including one that would tax cigarettes in Philadelphia by $2 a pack and
raise the city's liquor-by-the-drink tax from 10 percent to 15 percent.

In an interview, Stack pointed out that the city was owed $249 million in
delinquent property taxes alone.

"Let's first collect the taxes that are already owed," said Stack, who
represents Northeast Philadelphia, Bridesburg, Kensington, and Port Richmond,
and has been mentioned as a possible gubernatorial candidate.

In addition to unpaid property taxes, Stack's five-bill package would give the
city power to go after $91.5 million in delinquent business income and receipts
taxes, and $47 million in late city-wage taxes.

"It is wrong that delinquent property and business owners are playing a big part
in the starvation of Philadelphia school students and teachers," Stack said. "It
is equally wrong that the city lacks the legal muscle to take action against the
negligent people who are robbing our students of a quality education."

Nutter spokesman Mark McDonald said the measures "were referenced in an early
February announcement by the Revenue Department as part of a new Delinquent Tax
Collection Strategy. It calls for a city investment of roughly $25 million in
capital funds and an additional $15 million in new operating funds to create a
range of enforcement tools to help Revenue do its work."

He said the strategy also called for legislative changes at both the city and
state levels and that Stack "had introduced this package on our behalf."

If approved by the legislature, the measures could produce an additional $20
million the first year, Stack estimated.

"I think we will collect even more revenue based on the fact we are sounding the
horn, and people will know it's time to pay the piper," he said.

If approved, Stack's proposals would allow all Pennsylvania municipalities to
place a lien on properties for unpaid taxes and add the cost of collection to
any lien attached to a delinquent property or business.

The wage-garnishment provision would give Philadelphia the power other
municipalities already have under state law to go after delinquent property and
business owners.

His plan to allow Philadelphia to put liens for delinquent taxes on properties
outside the city limits is similar to a bill State Rep. Cherelle Parker (D.,
Phila.) introducted in the House that targets deadbeats' suburban properties.

Stack said his bills would help the city address longstanding problems with
collecting taxes and "send a powerful message that Philadelphia is getting its
house in order."

Senate Republican spokesman Erik Arneson said he had not had an opportunity to
review Stack's proposals in detail, but added: "Clearly, those who owe back
taxes should pay those taxes. To the extent that existing tools may be
insufficient to accomplish that goal, that's an issue the General Assembly
should dive into."

Stack unveiled his proposals outside Lincoln High School in Mayfair with Jerry
Jordan, president of the Philadelphia Federation of Teachers.

"We're glad to see Sen. Stack and other elected officials proposing sustainable
education funding that will end the current practice of taking programs away
from our children," Jordan said.

To plug the massive shortfall projected to hit the district, Superintendent
William R. Hite Jr. has asked for $60 million in extra funding from the city and
$120 million from the state. The district also is seeking more than $100 million
in givebacks from the PFT.

Hite welcomed Stack's support and said he was grateful elected officials were
taking the district's plight seriously.

"Just like in all the other cases, I'm especially appreciative that Sen. Stark
is also trying to find ways to generate more revenue for the school district,"
Hite said in an interview.

Nutter has announced plans to raise $95 million for the schools in 2013-14
through a package that included imposing a new cigarette tax, raising the city's
drink tax, and a strategy to crack down on delinquent tax collections.

The mayor estimated his total package could generate $135 million in the second
year.

Both the cigarette and drink taxes require approval from Harrisburg and City
Council.

Council last week introduced two bills from Nutter to raise the liquor tax and
create the cigarette tax, although Council President Darrell L. Clarke said the
bills would be meaningless unless the state approves enabling legislation, which
has not been introduced.

Despite the flurry of proposals, the district has no guarantee it will receive
more money from the city or the state.

And facing a May 31 legal deadline for acting on a new budget, the School Reform
Commission is scheduled to vote Thursday on a $2.7 billion spending plan that
Hite has said would be catastrophic for city schools.

"We have proposed a budget that is based on what we know we will have," Hite
said.

He said the SRC can amend the budget if the revenue picture changes. Both
Council and the state legislature have June 30 budget deadlines.

Hite and the district have laid out a scenario in which there could be 3,000
layoffs, including some teachers. Schools could open in the fall without new
books, paper, clubs, counselors, librarians, music teachers or secretaries.

Class sizes would be larger, but schools would have no aides to help manage them
or support staff to monitor lunchrooms and playgrounds.

A rally protesting the cutbacks is scheduled outside the district's headquarters
at 440 N. Broad St. an hour before the SRC's 5:30 p.m. meeting.

Students are taking action, too. A letter-writing campaign led by students from
Central High School delivered more than 2,000 missives to City Hall for Council
last week and sent more than 500 to Gov. Corbett.

"I think Harrisburg often forgets about the students," said Jacquelyn
Mancinelli, an English teacher who has worked with the teens.

"The students are just so invested in this," she said. "They know this could
really be devastating for them."

Contact Martha Woodall

at 215-854-2789 or martha.woodall@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

School Brief;
Columbia

BYLINE: Correspondent

SECTION: A; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


n What happened: A delinquent 2016 per capita tax list was approved for agency
collection by the board Feb. 16. A motion to publicize the names of delinquent
taxpayers was tabled until March.

n Why it's important: Out of the 6,247 Columbia residents who received $15 per
capita tax bills in 2016, only 4,078 residents paid their bills on time. The
remainder of residents (2,169) who did not pay their bills translates into a
revenue loss to the district of $35,789, according to Tom Strickler, director of
operations.

n Quotable: "Do we publish these names (delinquent taxpayers) anywhere?" - Barry
Ford, school board director.

n Discussion: With board approval, the 2016 delinquent per capita list was
turned over to Powell, Rogers & Speaks for collection. Ford wanted to know if
the list can be publicized. Keith Ramsey, interim business manager, responded
that the names are not published to his knowledge. Superintendent Bob Hollister
interjected that the school solicitor would be consulted for an answer to Ford's
question. Following motion protocol to add an agenda item, there was a motion to
publicize the delinquent tax list. After discussion, there was a motion to table
that motion until the Committee of the Whole meeting on March 2.

n Software update: Under its shared leadership agreement with Eastern Lancaster
County School District, Columbia was able to update its financial software.
Ramsey, who is Elanco's chief of finance and operations, saved the district
$6,746 by converting to CSIU. The changeover in software makes it easier for
Columbia to submit state reports and includes tax collection and census software
as well. For the first time in February, financial reports were embedded in the
online meeting agenda for public perusal.

n What's next: Keith Combs, Columbia school board president, is in the process
of contacting Glenn Yoder, Elanco school board president. Under the shared
leadership agreement, it is time for the two school boards to meet and discuss
how the arrangement is working and if there is an interest to discuss continuing
the agreement beyond the 2016-17 school year.

-Ann Marie Steele,

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

City tax deadline looms

BYLINE: Steve Vied, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words


Nov. 26--City of Owensboro property taxes will become delinquent if not paid by
the last day of November, but taxpayers who wait beyond Wednesday to pay in
person or by telephone will run into difficulty.

Because of the Thanksgiving holiday, City Hall will be closed on Thursday,
Thanksgiving Day, as well as Friday.

On the last day of the month, Saturday, City Hall is closed as well.

To avoid penalty and interest, payments made in person or called in must be made
no later than 5 p.m. Wednesday.

Mailed payments must be postmarked no later than Saturday.

Payments may also be placed in an outside drop box at City Hall.

Any payments placed in the drop box prior to City Hall opening Monday morning
will be counted as being on time.

Last year, more than 1,900 city property tax bills were delinquent, resulting in
penalties assessed and interest charged, Angela Hamric, city finance director,
said earlier this month.

According to Hamric, the city had 24,852 tax bills last year, with 1,905 bills
delinquent.

The city collected $41,669 in penalties and interest on the delinquent bills
that were paid.

Penalty and interest will be applied to all delinquent accounts starting on Dec.
1.

The penalty for delinquent property taxes is 10 percent.

Interest is applied monthly at a rate of 0.5 percent, or 6 percent on an annual
basis.

The city accepts checks, cash and Visa, MasterCard and Discover credit cards.

Cash should not be mailed, however.

City Hall is at 101 E. Fourth St. Business hours -- Monday through Friday for
regular weeks -- are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. The phone number for tax payments is
270-687-8537.

Steve Vied, 691-7297, svied@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2013 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131126-OW-City-tax-deadline-looms-1126-20131126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2013 Messenger-Inquirer


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Unpaid property taxes fall

BYLINE: RAY REYES and JOSH THOMAS, The News Center

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 463 words


Numbers for 2009 are lower than 2008.

By RAY REYES

rreyes@tampatrib.com

and JOSH THOMAS

jthomas@wfla.com

TAMPA - Despite a foundering economy and a record number of foreclosures, fewer
Hillsborough County properties owed unpaid taxes in 2009 than in 2008.

As of April 1, 39,734 delinquent properties owed more than $116 million to the
county, according to 2009 tax roll figures. The year before, 46,701 properties
owed more than $159 million.

Officials at the Hillsborough County Tax Collector's Office hadn't predicted the
number of delinquent properties would decrease.

"It was a big surprise to everybody," said Dana Dove, general manager of the
processing operations center for county Tax Collector Doug Belden. "Maybe it is
a trend that we're improving. I don't know. You would expect with the economy
the way it is, things would be reversed."

One possible reason there were fewer delinquent homeowners in 2009 could be that
banks paid the taxes on foreclosed homes to avoid more penalties and protect
their interest in the property, Dove said.

The tax collector's office released the 288-page delinquent tax list today. A
quick scan of the listings shows that individuals owed from as little as pocket
change to tens of thousands of dollars.

Alexander and Melinda Veloz for example, owed $13.93 in taxes on a vacant lot at
16315 Lonely Lane in Odessa; Albert and Christine Slattman owed $36,662 on a
4-bedroom, 2-bath home at 6621 Appaloosa Drive in Tampa.

Property taxes are due Nov. 1 and become delinquent if not paid by April 1.

To encourage payment, the tax collector's office opened bidding today on tax
certificates for delinquent properties. Investors have a chance to bid on
interest earned on the outstanding debt.

Most of the taxes will be paid by homeowners, mortgage holders or through the
sale of the certificates, Dove said.

Bids range from zero to 18 percent. Although the lowest interest rate bid on a
property gets the certificates, state law guarantees the winning bidders a
minimum return of 5 percent. The auction ends May 29.

If no one pays the tax on the property by 22 months after the sale, the
certificate holder can foreclose on the property. Unsold certificates will be
issued to the county at 18 percent interest. If no one purchases the county
certificates, the county will foreclose on the property as long as the value is
over $5,000.

For information on the sale, visit the Hillsborough County Tax Collector's
Office website at www.hillstax.org.

Information from Tribune archives was used in this report. Tribune reporter Ray
Reyes can be reached at (813) 259-7920. News Channel 8 reporter Josh Thomas can
be reached at (813) 221-5737.

Photo: Dana Dove

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Delinquent tax bills linked to Richard Cook project

BYLINE: Tom Sharpe, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 687 words


Dec. 04--Two of Santa Fe County's biggest delinquent property-tax bills appear
to be connected to Española businessman Richard Cook's plan to build a new
interchange on N.M. 599 to reach his proposed office park near the Santa Fe
Municipal Airport.

In both cases, the overdue taxes are accruing in the names of other entities
because the sales to Cook's companies apparently were never properly recorded.

In the first case, Albuquerque lawyer Hans William Voss has Santa Fe County's
fifth-largest delinquent bill, at $68,832, according to a list of tax-delinquent
properties from the Santa Fe County Assessor and Treasurer's offices.

Voss, the immediate past president of the state bar association, said the bill
resulted from him accepting 4.23 acres at 43 Aviation Drive in payment for a
legal fee, then discovering later that his client already had conveyed her
interest in the property to Santa Fe Transit Mix.

"We made those folks aware of the fact that ... they weren't paying their bill,"
he said. "I guess they're just going to let it go. It's disappointing to me that
it continues to rack up in my name."

State corporation records don't list Santa Fe Transit Mix, but they do list
Española Transit Mix, Los Alamos Transit Mix and Associated Asphalt & Materials
in Santa Fe, and the company that seems to be working in the area, EMCO of Santa
Fe. Cook's daughter, Katharine Cook Fishman, is listed as the organizer of all
four companies. Messages left for Cook, Fishman and Phillip Sena, a development
consultant for the Cook family, were not returned.

Voss said the property near the airport is vacant except for a small shed, but
Santa Fe Transit Mix has been using it as a waste dump.

"I don't think they ever intend to pay the taxes on it," he said. "They're
dumping old concrete there and soil and things that are byproducts of their
business. ... Someday the county will repossess it, and it'll be full of stuff."

Work began this summer extending Jaguar Drive west over N.M. 599, also known as
the Santa Fe Relief Route, to reach 371 acres where Cook plans to build an
office park called The Pavilion. Cook also has plans for commercial developments
along the extended Jaguar Drive. The overpass, expected to cost $6 million to
$10 million, would be the first highway interchange ever built by a private
developer in Northern New Mexico.

The Tierra Contenta Corp. has the county's sixth largest delinquent tax bill,
$62,588, according to the list from the county.

But James Hicks, executive director of the nonprofit formed to distribute some
1,000 acres of city-owned land for housing, said the bill is for a tract of land
that Tierra Contenta sold a Cook family company called Commercial Center at 599
Inc. at the end of 2009. Fishman is listed as the firm's president and director
in state corporation records.

Like in Voss' case, Hicks said he has tried several times to get the Santa Fe
County Assessor to send the tax bill to Cook's corporation without success.

"Normally, I don't like to blow the whistle on somebody else other than to say,
'It's not ours,' " he said. "But we have taken the deeds over to the county
several times to show them what the transactions were, and every time we take
them over there, they have this big question mark on their face like, 'We don't
remember.' "

Chief Deputy Assessor Gary Perez said the problem appears to be that the Santa
Fe County Clerk's Office has never forwarded a deed proving that the two tracts
have been transferred to Cook's corporations. He said Tuesday that his
researcher has yet to find another deed for the Voss property and is still
looking for one on the Tierra Contenta transfer.

"We usually get these on a daily basis, so for whatever reason maybe this is one
that didn't get found and didn't get changed to the correct name," he said. "I
ran into a couple of these with some condos in Edgewood, and we're fixing that
right now."

Contact Tom Sharpe at 986-3080 or tsharpe@sfnewmexican.com

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131204-SF-Delinquent
-tax-bills-linked-to-Richard-Cook-project-1204-20131204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                            February 18, 2005 Friday

City school district may sell delinquent tax caseload

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 251 words


The York City School District may take advantage of two new state laws that
allow school districts to sell their caseload of delinquent taxes to a private
debt collector.

Board member Tom Foust said the district is in discussions with XSPAND, a
company that promised it could pay the district up to 90 cents on the dollar it
is owed in back taxes.

For example, if a taxpayer owes $10,000 in delinquent taxes, XSPAND could pay
the district up to $9,000 to take the debt. The company will then try to collect
the entire amount of debt from the taxpayer, making $1,000 for the company.

Currently, the York County Tax Claim Bureau collects the district's delinquent
taxes, but it doesn't buy the district's debts.

According to the company's Web site, XSPAND is operated by James Florio, former
governor of New Jersey, and Paul V. Scura, former vice-chairman of Prudential
Securities.

"Since 1997, we have helped local governments in over 21 states to realize over
$700 million in revenue from the conversion of delinquent property tax
receivables into cash," the Web site says.

It also claims that the company serves some very large government entities, such
as the city of New York and the county of Los Angeles.

Foust said Florio has visited the district to talk about the company's services,
and may visit again.

The school district is owed more than $3 million in delinquent taxes, Foust
said.

Acts 70 and 168 of 2004 would make the change possible.

Chris Kauffman

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2005


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                             June 27, 2000, Tuesday

BYLINE: By Todd Karpovich; Daily Record Business Writer

SECTION: Pg.  3A

LENGTH: 452 words


Maryland Comptroller William Donald Schaefer is going after people who owe taxes
by "naming names."    As of yesterday, 50 of the biggest tax delinquents in 1999
have been listed on the comptroller's Web site (www.marylandtaxes.com) as an
incentive to get them to pony up. The 50 names are a matter of public record
because tax liens have been filed in circuit court for each of the cases.     "I
do not think it is an invasion of privacy," Schaefer said. "They owe a lot of
money. We have given these people notice. It is just not fair to the people who
pay their taxes."    So far this year, the comptroller's office says it has
collected more than $ 153,000 from seven delinquents and received commitments
from about 12 others after issuing notices to them. The 50 delinquents listed on
the Web site yesterday failed to respond to the agency's request for payment,
according to Schaefer's office, and owe more than $ 9.7 million in past taxes,
penalties and interest.  Schaefer said that posting the delinquent taxpayers
names on a Web site has worked in such states as Connecticut and Illinois. Other
states that publicly list names of delinquent taxpayers include California,
Montana and New Jersey, along with cities such as Washington, D.C., and New
York.     "Nothing else has worked so we are going to publicize the people who
owe taxes," Schaefer said.     Francis X. and Patricia Gaegler, of Hyattsville,
topped the list with $ 626,152.77 due in taxes, penalties and interest,
according to the Web site. None of the taxpayers listed on the site is in
bankruptcy and none is on an active payment plan with the state.     Linda
Tanton, director of the comptroller's compliance division, said that a citizen
or business is mailed a letter by the comptroller's office specifying the
overdue taxes, plus any interest and penalties.     A late withholding return or
underpayment on state sales or use taxes is subject to an initial 5 percent
penalty, followed by an additional 10 percent after 30 days, plus interest
calculated at 1.08 percent monthly, according to the comptroller's office. An
underpayment for personal income tax is subject to a 25 percent penalty plus
interest. .  Tanton said that if people do not pay their taxes, the money can be
taken out of their salary. Businesses that do not pay taxes can be penalized by
losing their licenses to practice in the state. Penalties also can be assessed
on the firms' officers, and payments can be held up if the company does work for
the state, "We gave them warnings and told them they would show up on our Web
site if they did not pay," Tanton said. "Everyone was notified personally, and
they made no effort to pay us."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 The Daily Record Co.


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            March 27, 2002 Wednesday

Camden council to hire Florio's firm;
The company will work to collect delinquent taxes in the city. There is nearly
$40 million at stake.

BYLINE: Dwight Ott Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: REGION

LENGTH: 337 words


CAMDEN - City Council is expected to approve tomorrow a contingency contract
with a revenue collection firm headed by former Gov. Jim Florio to help the city
redeem close to $40 million in delinquent tax liens.

Camden would become the first city in New Jersey to use Florio's firm since a
bill was passed recently allowing the company to operate in the state.

Florio said the contract had already been approved through the state Department
of Community Affairs, which oversees Camden's spending practices.

The former Democratic governor told a Council caucus yesterday that his firm
would provide software to the city at no cost during the term of the three-year
contract to help analyze and prioritize delinquent properties. He said his
company's profits would be a percentage of what was collected.

"These are delinquent taxes that are so delinquent that when the city tries to
sell the liens no one will buy them," Florio told Council.

In New York state, Florio said, his firm's fees were about 20 percent of what
was collected.

The proposed contract with Camden calls for a 9 percent fee the first year, 12
percent the second year, and 14 percent in the third year.

Council President Angel Fuentes welcomed Florio's new company. "For us, it's a
blessing to have you with us."

Florio found no irony in the fact that he was helping collect taxes that some
claim he helped to raise.

"I never raised property taxes," Florio said before last night's meeting. "I
raised income taxes."

In other business, Council members were informed that Police Chief Robert E.
Allenbach was still meeting with state officials on the deployment of state
troopers in Camden. Gov. McGreevey promised the troopers to the city earlier
this month.

Allenbach said after the caucus meeting that although a few troopers had already
begun working in Camden, the full complement would arrive over the next 45 days.
He said he expected more than 80 troopers.

Contact Dwight Ott at 856-779-3844 or dott@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                 November 2008

AGs Say Too Few Get Forbearance

BYLINE: Jennifer Harmon

SECTION: Pg. 1 Vol. 12 No. 10

LENGTH: 610  words


Washington-A new report says too many homeowners face foreclosure without
receiving meaningful assistance from their mortgage servicer.

In its third "Analysis of Subprime Mortgage Servicing Performance," the State
Foreclosure Prevention Working Group concluded things are getting worse as the
number of delinquent loans, prime and subprime, increases. Industry measures to
keep homeowners out of foreclosure have slipped, according to the group, which
is made up of state attorneys general and state banking regulators.

Based on data collected from February through May, the report said eight out of
10 seriously delinquent homeowners are not on track for any loan workout or
loss-mitigation assistance to enable them to avoid foreclosure, a higher
percentage than the group found in its April report. Previously, seven out of 10
are not on track for any loss-mit outcome.

"Servicers appear to have reached the 'low-hanging fruit' of subprime loans
facing interest rate resets, while not developing effective approaches to
address the bulk of subprime loans which are in default before interest rate
resets," the report said. "Based on the rising number of delinquent prime loans
and project numbers of payment-option ARM loans facing reset over the next two
years, we fear that continued reactive approaches will lead to another wave of
unnecessary and preventable foreclosures."

While banks and Wall Street firms continue to report record writedowns of
mortgage loan portfolios and securities, the losses do not appear to be flowing
down to homeowners in the form of sustainable loan modifications, said Iowa
attorney general Tim Miller, a founder and leader of the group. Since October
2007, the group has been collecting data from the largest subprime mortgage
servicers. The group is led by representatives of the AGs of 11 states,
including Arizona, California, Colorado, Iowa, Illinois, Massachusetts,
Michigan, New York, North Carolina, Ohio and Texas; two state banking
departments (New York and North Carolina); and the Conference of State Bank
Supervisors.

New efforts to prevent foreclosures are on the decline, despite a temporary
increase in loan modifications through the second quarter of 2008. The number of
homeowners working toward a loan mod has fallen to a level not seen since late
2007.

One out of five loan modifications made in the past year is currently delinquent
, the report said. "We are concerned that unrealistic or 'Band-Aid'
modifications have only exacerbated and prolonged the current foreclosure
crisis," the report said.

Three hundred thousand subprime loans are in the process of foreclosure as of
the end of May. Thirty-eight percent of seriously delinquent subprime loans are
in the process of foreclosure with over 131,000 foreclosures completed on
subprime loans in May alone.

"The financial turmoil we see today is in part a result of a 'pennywise,
pound-foolish' approach of the mortgage industry to prevent foreclosures," added
Mark Pearce, North Carolina deputy commissioner of banks. "Instead of developing
efficient approaches to reduce the payment burdens of large numbers of
unaffordable loans, mortgage servicers have relied on the same approach used
before the foreclosure crisis. The result has been record levels of unnecessary
foreclosures that have accelerated declines in property values that have
affected all of us."

The Working Group said it hopes that recently enacted federal legislation to
provide a new federally guaranteed refinance program, Hope For Homeowners, will
increase the level of refinancing for poorly performing subprime loans. However,
the ultimate impact of the program has not yet been seen.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              May 27, 2012 Sunday

El Paso County tax assessor-collector Victor Flores denies conflict of interest

BYLINE: By Aileen B. Flores \ El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 972 words


A candidate for the El Paso County tax assessor-collector's office has raised
questions about a possible conflict of interest involving incumbent Victor
Flores and the law firm hired to collect delinquent taxes.

Flores denied the allegations and said his opponent is trying to connect him
with corruption in an effort to get elected.

Tax assessor-collector candidate Armando Rodriguez, a member of Canutillo
Independent School District Board of Trustees, said the agreement to have
delinquent taxes of public entities collected by the city's tax office has not
been re-examined in more than 20 years and needs to be investigated to determine
its effectiveness.

Rodriguez is challenging Flores in the Democratic primary.

Rodriguez said a brother of Flores' works for the law firm hired by the city to
collect delinquent taxes. The firm also contributes to Flores' campaign, he
said.

The Austin-based law firm of Linebarger Heard Goggan Blair & Sampson has worked
for the city of El Paso collecting delinquent taxes for almost 30 years.

In 1999, the law firm responded to the complaint that most of the fees earned by
the firm were sent out of town and partnered with local lawyers Hector Delgado,
Alejandro Acosta, Joe Spencer and Carmen Perez, according to El Paso Times
archives.

Since then, Delgado, Acosta, Spencer, Linebarger & Perez have enforced the
collection of delinquent property taxes for 26 taxing entities throughout the
county, including school districts, the county, the hospital district and El
Paso Community College.

"The Austin firm is the one doing the work, but partnered with a group of local
attorneys to lend their names to secure the contract," Rodriguez said.
"Everybody has their hands in there to get the money."

He said there are no records that explain the relationship between the lawyers
involved in the contract, their duties and how much each of them gets paid.

According to the city contract for the collection of delinquent property taxes
with Delgado, Acosta, Spencer, Linebarger, & Perez, the law firm earns 20
percent on the delinquent tax money it collects. The firm collects more than $20
million a year.

Nobody questions a contract that pays more than $4 million to the law firm every
year, Rodriguez said.

"As tax assessor-collector, you have the authority to question the delinquent
tax contract," he said.

Rodriguez said his opponent has not questioned the contract because his brother,
David Flores, is the manager of Delgado, Acosta, Spencer, Linebarger & Perez.

"There is a direct conflict of interest under Flores' direct duties as county
tax assessor-collector to question the delinquent tax firm to make sure the work
has been done efficiently," he said.

According to Victor Flores' campaign reports, Perez has contributed $400,
Delgado and Acosta $500, Spencer $200 and Linebarger Heard Goggan Blair &
Sampson $500 to his campaign.

"The city has had that contract for more than 10 years. We are not able to see
if there is somebody else that can do that job better because the way this
system is set up," Rodriguez said.

Victor Flores said there is no conflict of interest because the county does not
contract with the law firm to collect delinquent taxes. He said the city
contracts with that firm.

Under the agreement, school districts, county, University Medical Center and El
Paso Community College give the city the authority to choose the law firm that
collects those taxes, Victor Flores said.

The contract for the collection of delinquent property taxes states that under
the tax agreement, an advisory committee monitors the performance of the tax
collection procedures.

The committee has unanimously recommended to the city that it keep the Delgado,
Acosta, Spencer, Linebarger & Perez firm as delinquent tax collector, said the
city document.

In 2009, the City Council extended the agreement with Delgado, Acosta, Spencer,
Linebarger & Perez until 2015.

The law firms reports to the city and does monthly reports on the work it has
done, said City Tax Assessor-Collector Juan Sandoval.

Copies of those reports are sent to the city attorney's office, he said.

Sandoval said the firm does "a great job" in collecting delinquent taxes.

Rodriguez tried to find out through an open-records request how much each one of
the attorneys in the law firm gets paid, but the city does not have that
information, Sandoval said. "We are not involved in that. We don't know how they
divide up their money," Sandoval said.

Victor Flores said his brother was working for the law firm long before he was
first elected in 1996.

"My opponent is sitting there trying to make an issue out of something," Victor
Flores said. "I am the last person to have any say-so in the matter."

The County Tax Assessor-Collector's Office abides by the contracts that the
County Commissioners Court decides, he said.

Victor Flores said he does not have any influence on decisions made by the
county commissioners or the City Council.

Victor Flores said Rodriguez should understand the agreement because he is the
vice president of the Canutillo Independent School District Board of Trustees,
which is bound by the same contract the city uses.

"He works under the same contract that the county works under. And if he does
not know it, I feel really bad for Canutillo because he is the vice president,"
Victor Flores said.

Too many governmental bodies are involved in the agreement to allow a conflict
of interest, Victor Flores said. Lawyers for the Canutillo school district
should know exactly how the contract works, he added.

Victor Flores said Rodriguez has launched a negative campaign against him trying
to connect him with corruption to get into office.

Rodriguez has yet to say what he brings to the table if he gets elected, Flores
said.

Aileen B. Flores may be reached at aflores@elpasotimes.com; 546-6362. Follow her
@AileenBFlores.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Victor Flores
Armando Rodriguez

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Some blame economic downturn for hefty delinquent tax bill

BYLINE: Tom Sharpe, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


Dec. 04--Financial straits, erroneous land records and unresolved legal disputes
are among the reasons given for Santa Fe County's largest delinquent property
tax bills.

"Believe me, I'm no deadbeat," said Robert Frost, whose Two Spirits Inc., with
his partner Ralph Bolton, has the third largest delinquent tax bill in Santa Fe
County, according to a list of delinquent taxpayers provided to The New Mexican.

"It's a simple matter of economics," Frost said last week. "We've already agreed
and set things up [so that] we'll have it paid off one way or another by the end
of January. We'll either bring it from our own funds or the property will have
sold."

Since 1996, Frost and Bolton have run the Inn of the Turquoise Bear at 342 E.
Buena Vista St. in the 8,600-square-foot compound built in the early 20th
century for Witter Bynner, a poet, interpreter of Chinese poetry and Santa Fe
arts maven.

Beginning in 2003, Frost said, the bed and breakfast has suffered from a
downturn in the tourist industry, complicated by his recent bout with cancer. In
2006, they stopped paying the property taxes on the property valued at $1.05
million and put the property on the market in 2006 for $3.3 million. Last year,
they dropped the price to $2.45 million.

Santa Fe County's single largest delinquent property-tax bill belongs to
Northern Rio Grande Sportsman's Club, a nonprofit that has run a shooting range
in La Puebla since the 1960s.

Many of the delinquent taxpayers on the county list could not be tracked down or
did not respond to messages.

For example, Morrow Investments was second on the list for six years of
delinquent taxes at 333 E. Palace Ave., a house just across from La Posada,
valued at $1.69 million. J.D. Morrow, an architect and artist who lives and
works there, did not respond to a message.

Kaye E. Sandford, who is fourth on the list, also was unavailable for comment.
She has had a number of addresses in Santa Fe, Lamy and Galisteo over the past
decade, and it's not clear where the property is located on which she owes
taxes, but in 2004 she owned the Vista Clara Ranch Resort and Spa in Galisteo.
Online court records indicate she was sued for foreclosure by Los Alamos
National Bank in 2010 before the cases were suspended due to a filing for
bankruptcy.

Aspen Blue Sky Holdings, which has the seventh largest bill, is not listed in
corporation records. However, they list both Aspen Holdings (Dirk and Liz
Stronck of Santa Fe are the organizers) and Blue Sky Holdings (Justin Tallman of
Española is the organizer). But it is not clear from public records where its
property is.

JDM LLC, a company connected to developer Steve Duran, holds the eighth largest
bill for a tract of land once slated for development near the corner of Rufina
Street and South Meadows Road. Duran did not return a message seeking comment.

Tesuque Partners, which has the ninth largest bill, owns the Tesuque Village
Market. But state corporation records do not list any officers of the firm,
which has an address on Gonzales Road in Santa Fe.

RainbowVision LLC has the 10th largest delinquent bill. The retirement complex
marketed to same-sex couples, with 121 independent-living units and 25
assisted-living units on 13 acres of land at 500 Rodeo Road, filed for Chapter
11 bankruptcy in June 2011.

This article has been amended to reflect the follow correction:

Correction: Dec. 4, 2013

The first name of Ralph Bolton was incorrect in earlier versions of this story.

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131204-SF-Some-blame-economic-downturn-for-hefty-delinquent
-tax-bill-1204-20131204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 26, 2013 Thursday

Sinnott: Garbage-bill delinquents could see their names posted on city website

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 660 words


Dec. 26--The city of Erie is considering a different approach toward trying to
collect more than $2 million in delinquent garbage fees -- listing the names of
those who haven't paid on the Internet.

Mayor Joe Sinnott said that adding a database to the city's website,
www.erie.pa.us -- which would include the names of people delinquent on their
garbage bills and the amounts they owe -- "is one thing we have talked about
doing" in 2014.

City Council President Jim Winarski said he supports the move.

The approach is similar to one the city of Scranton took earlier this year, when
it created a searchable online database of past-due garbage bill accounts.

That city is trying to collect nearly $8 million in overdue garbage bills.

"My thought is that it would include those who get behind by a year or more,"
Sinnott said. "Those are the most seriously delinquent people. It's not the
people who miss a payment and quickly catch up."

Sinnott's proposed $69.7 million city budget for 2014, approved by Erie City
Council on Dec. 18, included increases in city residents' garbage and sewer
fees. The fee hikes meant $3.1 million in new money for the spending plan.

The garbage fee increase means that the average city resident will see garbage
fees rise from an average of $48 every three months, or $192 per year, to $55
every quarter, or $220 per year, said Paul Lichtenwalter, the city's finance
director.

Many city residents, though, have expressed outrage that the garbage fees were
increased at a time when hundreds of customers refuse to pay their bills. In
some cases, the delinquent bills exceed $10,000, city officials have said.

"I think it would have some value," Sinnott said of the database. "It's hard to
determine the magnitude of that value until we do it."

Scranton officials could not be reached for comment about the online database,
launched in August. But within a week of that database being launched, Scranton
officials received roughly $40,000 in overdue garbage payments, the Scranton
Times-Tribune reported.

Sinnott said he will discuss the issue with officials from the city's finance
and information technology departments in the new year. The city will also talk
with Erie Water Works officials about the situation, since the utility collects
garbage fees from residents on the city's behalf.

Sinnott said the situation, which the city has wrestled with for years, does not
come with easy solutions.

Placing a municipal lien on the property of someone who hasn't paid their
garbage bill -- which the city does in many cases -- is "one of our only
collection options." And the city cannot refuse to collect a delinquent
customer's trash if the refuse is placed outside because it's a public health
issue, he said.

The online database, Sinnott said, might prompt some people to pay their bills
quickly so that their names either do not appear on the city's website, or can
be removed.

Winarski said he likes the idea. "I'm thinking anything would help," Winarski
said. "Do I think it would solve the problem completely? Probably not. But it's
another option. People don't like their names brought out when they're
delinquent like that."

City Council included what's known as sunset provisions on the garbage fee
increase, meaning it is in place for 2014 only, unless council agrees to an
extension.

The provision was intended to push Sinnott's administration, council and other
city officials to work together to find a solution to the delinquency problem.

"It just isn't fair that you pay, but your neighbor doesn't," Winarski said.
"Some people are just working the system. ... They can get away with it and they
know it. That's the only reason they're doing it. But eventually it's going to
catch up with them."

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131226-EI-Sinnott-Garbage-bill-delinquents
-could-see-their-names-posted-on-city-website-1226-20131226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 17, 1993, Thursday

County searches for ways to pursue delinquent taxes

BYLINE: By Actor Cordell STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section K; Page 5

LENGTH: 430 words


Look for more tax sales on the Fulton County Courthouse steps.

It's one of the steps county tax officials are considering to pursue delinquent
property taxes more aggressively.

Tax Commissioner Sondra R. Burnett said she has even considered buying newspaper
space to list names, addresses and amounts owed, but that idea has been put on
hold.

The county started the year with unpaid property ad valorem taxes totaling $ 7
2.9 million. By May, the figure had been whittled to nearly $ 53 million, with
about $ 20 million in collections and nearly $ 208,000 in adjustments - not bad,
but not good enough, officials say.

Delinquent tax totals have been increasing over the past two years, and laggards
"do need to understand that we are going to collect these taxes," said tax
administrator Thomas G. Biggers.

Sales at the courthouse - the last resort - take place 10 times a year, usually
on the first Tuesday of the month at 10 a.m.

"We would like to have more bidders show up," said Mr. Biggers, who sees greater
public awareness and an increase in the frequency of sales as potential
solutions for the county.

A Fulton program called TACT - Targeted Ad Valorem Collection Technique - now
starts with a phone call to a delinquent taxpayer, followed by four letters,
with urgency increasing each time. The last letter says the tax commissioner's
office is getting ready to put the property up for sale.

There's no such thing as a delinquent taxpayer profile, said Ms. Burnett. They
run the socio-economic gamut.

"The most interesting thing is that when they come in, they want to negotiate on
paying interest or penalty," said Ms. Burnett. "No matter how unique their
individual story may be, taxes are not negotiable," she said. "Interest is 1
percent a month. If we don't collect the year the tax becomes delinquent, the
likelihood becomes slimmer and slimmer."

Cecilia Williams, delinquent tax administrator, said she has "four people out in
county cars who are collecting all day long," but she has had no reports of
miscreants running out the back door.

In delinquent tax cases in her south Fulton neighborhood, she personally
delivers bills. Payments sometimes are left in her mailbox or handed to her at
church.

"You have to have some humor somewhere along the line because there's so much
tragedy involved with people losing their business and going bankrupt," said
Mrs. Williams.

Fulton is unique in that no effort can be made to collect a property tax that is
under appeal, and there are many unsettled cases from 1991 and 1992, Mr. Biggers
said.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931750448

GRAPHIC: photo: Courthouse sale: Cecilia Williams (center), delinquent tax
administrator, sells property on which taxes have not been paid. Assisting her
are William Durham and Judy Dunn. / ACTOR CORDELL / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 1, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

CHILD SUPPORT CRISIS // RUNAWAY PARENTS // Panel seeks cooperation among states

BYLINE: Mimi Hall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1042 words


Ten minutes after Linda Patrick got home from the hospital with her newborn son,
her husband walked out.

What has happened in the 10 years since is a story of desperation being played
out in at least 3 million homes across the nation.

Within four months, Patrick, left alone to care for the baby and her two young
daughters, had to trade in her suburban, middle-class lifestyle for welfare
checks.

And her ex-husband, Lyle Patrick, became one of a growing number of parents who
simply disappear. These parents, 95% of them men, owe $ 5 billion in unpaid
child support each year - leaving a legacy of poverty and pain for 11 million
children and a national crisis that's forcing thousands of families on welfare.

Now the problem, quietly simmering for decades, is getting some attention, from
TV movies to hearings before Congress.

''It's reached a point ... where we can't ignore it any more,'' says Margaret
Haynes, head of the U.S. Interstate Commission on Child Support. The commission
met Monday in Washington to push for national laws to cut through the red tape
that inadvertently protects delinquent parents.

Authorities say 40% of child-support evaders are on the run. Many move from
state to state; some change their names and Social Security numbers. Other
delinquent parents escape paying because of an underfunded, overloaded court
system incapable of processing thousands of new cases every year.

The consequences for the families left behind can be devastating. But the impact
doesn't stop there: ''If you're a taxpayer, you should be concerned because
people who don't receive support ... end up on public assistance,'' says Haynes.

That's what happened to Lyle Patrick's family in Gilbert, Ariz. Ordered in 1982
to pay $ 1,500 a month in child support, the agriculture and forest service
pilot helped initially with the $ 600-a-month rent. The child support never was
paid.

Linda Patrick, who couldn't go back to work because her infant son Travis was
born with medical complications, was forced to do something she never dreamed
of: go on welfare.

''I can't express in words the trauma,'' she says. As for plans for the future:
''You wake up and it's over. It's real scary.''

Since he left in 1982, Lyle Patrick has stayed a step ahead of authorities -
despite a warrant for his arrest and efforts by his ex-wife to make him pay in
court. But Lyle Patrick has ignored the court orders and, most of the time,
stays in hiding. The last time he was heard from was two years ago, when one of
the children got a birthday card postmarked Puerto Rico.

Now, nearly $ 120,000 in arrears, he tops Arizona's list of delinquent parents.
This month, his face will appear on posters across the state as part of a new
''most wanted'' campaign to track down missing parents and make them pay.

If he's not in Arizona, the process gets more complicated - and that's where the
commission hopes to make a difference.

States have differing laws and tactics - ''most wanted'' posters, wage
withholding, publishing names in newspapers, withholding professional licenses -
to find delinquent parents.

''There's no uniformity,'' says Haynes. Once a delinquent has crossed state
lines, ''lawyers and parents are confronted with a nightmare maze of different
laws and procedures.''

And each state is so overwhelmed with its own cases, authorities have little
time to look for parents from other states.

''They flat tell you, 'Don't keep your hopes up. There are so many ... that your
chances are nil,' '' says Linda Patrick.

The commission, appointed by Congress in 1988 to recommend new ways to handle
interstate cases, likely will propose:

- Establishing a national computer network to help states find delinquent
parents and determine their assets.

- Revising federal W-4 tax forms so employers can automatically withhold wages,
starting with the first paycheck, rather than waiting until the parent already
is in arrears.

- Speeding up the system so children with delinquent, out-of-state parents won't
wait years because of paperwork.

Patty Lesefske says it's about time.

For seven years, she's been supporting her two sons without any help from her
ex-husband, who abandoned the Germantown, Md., family in 1984 and moved to
upstate New York.

Lesefske spent two years on welfare before job training to become a data entry
clerk at the National 4-H Council.

But on less than $ 15,000 a year, she can barely support her sons - growing boys
who ''always have their heads in the refrigerator.'' David Lesefske is $ 70,000
in arrears, despite court orders and years of investigative work by Lesefske to
track him down. Lesefske says nothing has been done because Maryland and New
York won't cooperate.

''I'm angry,'' says Lesefske, who testified Monday. ''He left me totally
destitute and he's paid absolutely not one red cent. Women really get the shaft
when they get divorced.''

But it may be the children who lose the most.

Tom Mihalic's father, who disappeared in 1982 and is $ 66,000 behind in his
payments, also will appear on the ''wanted'' posters in Arizona, where
authorities believe he's hiding.

Mihalic, 18, a college freshman who lives at home in West Terre Haute, Ind.,
says he's angry that after a decade, authorities still haven't been able to
track down John Mihalic.

''I have no respect for him,'' Tom Mihalic says.

Since he was 15, Tom has been bagging groceries, mowing lawns and busing tables
- not for ''stereo equipment or a car,'' but for ''school clothes, tires for
mom's car, dog food and clothes for my sister.''

Linda Patrick's daughter, Nichole, also has had to help support her family, and
uses the money she earns babysitting to buy clothes and school supplies.

''It's pretty bad when your 15-year-old has to work to help support the
family,'' Patrick says.

The Patricks' long-term dreams have been put away.

Nichole has always wanted to go to college, but ''she's stopped talking about it
because she knows that it's a dream we may never be able to fulfill.''

But with Congress considering new laws to help find men like her ex- husband,
Linda Patrick says there's hope.

''I will never give up. I feel he has jeopardized my children (and) I just think
my kids deserve a fair share.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color, Zigy Kaluzny; PHOTO; color, Don Stevenson; PHOTO; color

CUTLINE: STRUGGLING: Linda Patrick of Gilbert, Ariz., and her children, Nichole,
15; Stacey, 11; and Travis, 9, were forced on public assistance after her
ex-husband disappeared without paying support. CUTLINE: OTHER SIDE: Eric
Anderson of Austin, Texas, has custody of his son Brandon, 7. His ex-wife owes
almost $ 4,000 in child support. CUTLINE: LYLE PATRICK: Arizona's 'most wanted'
owes family almost $ 120,000

TYPE: Cover Story

See sidebar; Men, too, tell of child-support woes

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

Bill summary and status of HB 1909 Real property tax; nonjudicial sale of tax
delinquent property.

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: New York



  Richmond: Virginia Lagislative Information System has issued the following
bill summary and status:



 SUMMARY AS PASSED HOUSE: (all summaries)



 Real property tax; nonjudicial sale of tax delinquent property. Permits the
nonjudicial sale of unimproved real property valued at less than $5,000 if taxes
are delinquent for at least three years. The bill also permits the nonjudicial
sale of real property valued at no less than $5,000 but no greater than $20,000
if taxes are delinquent for at least three years, the property is not subject to
a recorded mortgage or deed of trust lien, and the property (i) is unimproved
and measures less than 4,000 square feet; (ii) is unimproved and has been
determined to be unsuitable for building (the bill expands the bases on which
unsuitability may rest); (iii) has a structure on it that has been condemned by
the local building official; (iv) has been declared a nuisance by the locality;
(v) contains a derelict building; or (vi) has been declared to be blighted by
the locality. The bill also modifies current law regarding notice of the sale,
redemption of the property, and application of surplus proceeds.





 Current law permits the nonjudicial sale of unimproved real property valued at
less than $10,000 if taxes are delinquent for at least three years and the
property (a) measures less than 4,000 square feet or (b) has been determined to
be unsuitable for building.







 AMENDMENTS



     House amendments



 HISTORY



     01/10/17  House: Prefiled and ordered printed; offered 01/11/17 17101474D

     01/10/17  House: Referred to Committee on Finance

     01/20/17  House: Assigned Finance sub: Subcommittee #1

     02/01/17  House: Subcommittee recommends reporting with amendments (8-Y
1-N)

     02/01/17  House: Reported from Finance with amendments (19-Y 3-N)

     02/03/17  House: Read first time

     02/06/17  House: Read second time

     02/06/17  House: Committee amendments agreed to

     02/06/17  House: Engrossed by House as amended HB1909E

     02/06/17  House: Printed as engrossed 17101474D-E

     02/07/17  House: Read third time and passed House (82-Y 15-N)

     02/07/17  House: VOTE: PASSAGE (82-Y 15-N)

     02/08/17  Senate: Constitutional reading dispensed

     02/08/17  Senate: Referred to Committee on Finance



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 7, 2007 Friday

County DES cracks down on delinquent utility customers

BYLINE: Doris Cook, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


Sep. 7--JEFFERSON -- Ashtabula County commissioners and the county's Department
of Environmental Services are going after 240 delinquent water and sewer system
customers owing nearly $120,000 in past due bills.

Commissioners certified a list of delinquent users Thursday to be sent on to
County Auditor Roger Corlett's office for collection on the 2007 real property
tax list.

DES utilities administrator Vicky Ledford said the total of unpaid water bills
is $35,759.21 including penalties applied. Another $80,264.81 is due the county
from delinquent sewer system customers.

On top of those figures, Ledford said another $979 is due from several
customers, who buy bulk water from the DES. When the county commissioners
purchased the Aqua Ohio water system in 2003, two years of delinquent billings
were certified for collection in 2005, Ledford said.

"We've been taking payments from customers right up to Aug. 31, plus making
telephone calls to get people to pay. Many delinquent customers are tenants, who
leave behind unpaid utility bills. The property owners are liable for paying
these bills," Ledford said.

The certified delinquent water/sewer services bills are due for payment in 2008
along with property taxes on the parcels listed to Corlett's office.

"If we don't go after the delinquencies by certifying the amounts to go on the
tax bills, we would be forced to raise rates. Unlike a private water company,
the county can't just write off the losses," Ledford said.

At the same time, commissioners approved the tap-in fee assessments for four
property owners tying into the Route 45 waterline extension project. These
assessments will be certified to the county auditor to be placed on their real
estate property taxes. A total of $20,700 will be paid by all four owners over
five years.

To see more of the Star Beacon or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.starbeacon.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070907-OB-County-DES-cracks-down-on-delinquent-utility-customers-0907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                                 Copyright 2007


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 27, 2012 Sunday

El Paso County tax assessor-collector Victor Flores denies conflict of interest

BYLINE: Aileen B. Flores, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 998 words


May 27--A candidate for the El Paso County tax assessor-collector's office has
raised questions about a possible conflict of interest involving incumbent
Victor Flores and the law firm hired to collect delinquent taxes.

Flores denied the allegations and said his opponent is trying to connect him
with corruption in an effort to get elected.

Tax assessor-collector candidate Armando Rodriguez, a member of Canutillo
Independent School District Board of Trustees, said the agreement to have
delinquent taxes of public entities collected by the city's tax office has not
been re-examined in more than 20 years and needs to be investigated to determine
its effectiveness.

Rodriguez is challenging Flores in the Democratic primary.

Rodriguez said a brother of Flores' works for the law firm hired by the city to
collect delinquent taxes. The firm also contributes to Flores' campaign, he
said.

The Austin-based law firm of Linebarger Heard Goggan Blair & Sampson has worked
for the city of El Paso collecting delinquent taxes for almost 30 years.

In 1999, the law firm responded to the complaint that most of the fees earned by
the firm were sent out of town and partnered with local lawyers Hector Delgado,
Alejandro Acosta, Joe Spencer and Carmen Perez, according to El Paso Times
archives.

Since then, Delgado, Acosta, Spencer, Linebarger & Perez have enforced the
collection of delinquent property taxes for 26 taxing entities throughout the
county, including school districts, the county,

the hospital district and El Paso Community College.

"The Austin firm is the one doing the work, but partnered with a group of local
attorneys to lend their names to secure the contract," Rodriguez said.
"Everybody has their hands in there to get the money."

He said there are no records that explain the relationship between the lawyers
involved in the contract, their duties and how much each of them gets paid.

According to the city contract for the collection of delinquent property taxes
with Delgado, Acosta, Spencer, Linebarger, & Perez, the law firm earns 20
percent on the delinquent tax money it collects. The firm collects more than $20
million a year.

Nobody questions a contract that pays more than $4 million to the law firm every
year, Rodriguez said.

"As tax assessor-collector, you have the authority to question the delinquent
tax contract," he said.

Rodriguez said his opponent has not questioned the contract because his brother,
David Flores, is the manager of Delgado, Acosta, Spencer, Linebarger & Perez.

"There is a direct conflict of interest under Flores' direct duties as county
tax assessor-collector to question the delinquent tax firm to make sure the work
has been done efficiently," he said.

According to Victor Flores' campaign reports, Perez has contributed $400,
Delgado and Acosta $500, Spencer $200 and Linebarger Heard Goggan Blair &
Sampson $500 to his campaign.

"The city has had that contract for more than 10 years. We are not able to see
if there is somebody else that can do that job better because the way this
system is set up," Rodriguez said.

Victor Flores said there is no conflict of interest because the county does not
contract with the law firm to collect delinquent taxes. He said the city
contracts with that firm.

Under the agreement, school districts, county, University Medical Center and El
Paso Community College give the city the authority to choose the law firm that
collects those taxes, Victor Flores said.

The contract for the collection of delinquent property taxes states that under
the tax agreement, an advisory committee monitors the performance of the tax
collection procedures.

The committee has unanimously recommended to the city that it keep the Delgado,
Acosta, Spencer, Linebarger & Perez firm as delinquent tax collector, said the
city document.

In 2009, the City Council extended the agreement with Delgado, Acosta, Spencer,
Linebarger & Perez until 2015.

The law firms reports to the city and does monthly reports on the work it has
done, said City Tax Assessor-Collector Juan Sandoval.

Copies of those reports are sent to the city attorney's office, he said.

Sandoval said the firm does "a great job" in collecting delinquent taxes.

Rodriguez tried to find out through an open-records request how much each one of
the attorneys in the law firm gets paid, but the city does not have that
information, Sandoval said. "We are not involved in that. We don't know how they
divide up their money," Sandoval said.

Victor Flores said his brother was working for the law firm long before he was
first elected in 1996.

"My opponent is sitting there trying to make an issue out of something," Victor
Flores said. "I am the last person to have any say-so in the matter."

The County Tax Assessor-Collector's Office abides by the contracts that the
County Commissioners Court decides, he said.

Victor Flores said he does not have any influence on decisions made by the
county commissioners or the City Council.

Victor Flores said Rodriguez should understand the agreement because he is the
vice president of the Canutillo Independent School District Board of Trustees,
which is bound by the same contract the city uses.

"He works under the same contract that the county works under. And if he does
not know it, I feel really bad for Canutillo because he is the vice president,"
Victor Flores said.

Too many governmental bodies are involved in the agreement to allow a conflict
of interest, Victor Flores said. Lawyers for the Canutillo school district
should know exactly how the contract works, he added.

Victor Flores said Rodriguez has launched a negative campaign against him trying
to connect him with corruption to get into office.

Rodriguez has yet to say what he brings to the table if he gets elected, Flores
said.

Aileen B. Flores may be reached at aflores@elpasotimes.com; 546-6362. Follow her
@AileenBFlores.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120527-EY-El-Paso-County-tax-assessor-collector-Victor-Flores-denies-conflict-
of-interest-0527-20120527

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 22, 1994

Calif. Delinquencies Showing Slight Drop

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 439 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.


According to the June 30th quarterly delinquency survey conducted by the
California Mortgage Bankers Association, 93.4% of the commercial real estate
loans serviced by 30 California mortgage banking firms either were current or
only one payment delinquent.

Three months earlier the figure was 93.2%.  It should be noted, however, that
10.8% of the delinquencies, all loans on properties in the Los Angeles area, are
the direct result of the Northridge earthquake.  Were it not for
earthquake-damaged properties, 94.1% of the loans would have been current.

In terms of dollars, $ 1.54 billion of the $ 23.4 billion of loans being
serviced by the California mortgage bankers were two or more payments past due.
Excluding $ 526.3 million of loans in foreclosure, a fraction over $ 1 billion
of the loans were delinquent.  This compares with $ 1.14 billion as of March 31.
Loans delinquent due to the Jan. 17th earthquake totaled $ 166.7 million.

By number, 267 (or 3.2%) of the 8,211 loans included in the survey were two or
more payments past due.  Three months earlier, 3.6% were delinquent.

By type of property, office buildings continue to show the highest delinquency
rate, accounting for 37.5% of the delinquencies.  Apartments are a distant
second place, representing 17.8% of total delinquencies; next are retail
properties, representing 17.3%; followed by warehouse/industrial building loans,
accounting for 17% of the total delinquencies.

R&D buildings account for 2.8%, and hotels/motels and "other" types of buildings
each represent 3.8% of the percentage distribution of delinquencies by property
type.  Again, there were no delinquent mobile home park loans reported.

A year-to-year comparison of the delinquencies by property type shows some
fairly significant changes.

A year ago, office buildings accounted for 52.3% of the delinquencies, this year
they account for the aforementioned 37.5% of total delinquencies.  On the other
hand, industrial/warehouse properties increased from 11.1% to 17% of the
delinquent loan total.  Apartments, likewise, now represent a greater percentage
(17.8%) of the total delinquencies than a year ago (13.1%).

For survey purposes, a loan is considered delinquent if it is two or more
payments past due.  Loans in the process of foreclosure are included, regardless
of the number of payments past due.

Thirty income property mortgage bankers participated in the CMBA survey.  These
companies originate and service loans on apartments, retail, industrial and
other commercial properties for institutional investors such as life insurance
companies and pension funds.

LOAD-DATE: September 01, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

County OKs delinquent tax property sale

BYLINE: Gary Nelson, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 325 words


June 22--The Cumberland County Commission approved the sale of one delinquent
tax property in Fairfield Glade during Monday night's monthly meeting.

Resolution 06-2015-2 accepts the offer of $500 for a parcel of property at 126
Norcross Rd. from Valerie Scrivener.

Last month an offer of $100 for the parcel was presented to the county through
the delinquent tax committee from Scrivener.

The committee turned down the offer last month.

John Kinnunen, 9th District commissioner, had said the property is worth
considerably more and was appraised for $7,500.

The lot is in the St. George area and has water and sewer improvements.

This month Scrivener increased her offer to $500 and the delinquent tax
committee approved the offer.

At the delinquent tax committee meeting earlier in the day, Cumberland County
Mayor Kenneth Carey Jr. said the bidder would not offer more than $500. Bids are
submitted through the mayor's office.

When delinquent tax properties are sold by the county they are advertised in the
newspaper and bids are accepted for the parcel.

The county attempts to get 10 percent of the properties value, or the amount of
delinquent tax and fees owed against the property.

As of last month, $638.20 was owed against the property.

The county currently has several properties in delinquent tax status and
additional sales are forthcoming.

The delinquent tax committee and county commission must approve the sale of the
property.

The resolution was unanimously approved after a motion was made by Dave Hassler,
3rd District commissioner.

Hassler's motion was supported by Tom Isham, 2nd District commissioner.

Commissioners Terry Carter, 6th District; and John Kinnunen, 9th District, did
not attend the meeting.

Gary Nelson may be reached at gnelson@crossville-chronicle.com

___ (c)2015 the Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150622-XV-County-OKs-delinquent-tax-property-sale-0622-20150622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2015 Crossville Chronicle


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

BRIEF: MGIC Delinquent Inventory Up 1st Time Since 2011

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 178 words


Feb. 09--For the first time in more than three years, delinquency at MGIC
Guaranty Insurance Corp. has worsened. New business was off too.

The Milwaukee-based company reported in its monthly operational summary that it
wrote $2.9 billion in new insurance during January.

Activity slowed from the previous month, when business volume was $3.3 billion.

But the mortgage insurer managed to improve on January 2014, when it wrote just
$1.7 billion in new policies.

MGIC said its delinquent inventory ended last month at 80,144 months, increasing
from 79,901 in December.

It was the first increase since July 2011, when the distressed inventory was
185,093.

As of Jan. 1, 2014, there were 102,351 loans in the delinquent inventory.

Using an estimated 971,381 policies in force as of Jan. 31, the estimated
delinquency rate was a hair over 8.25 percent, up from a hair under 8.25 percent
in December.

The estimated delinquency rate was 10.70 percent as of Jan. 31, 2014.

___ (c)2015 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150209-1MG-BRF-MGIC-Delinquent
-Inventory-Up-1st-Time-Since-2011-0209-20150209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2015


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Pennylvania: Commonwealth Saves More Than $1 Million through Payment Offset
Program

LENGTH: 296  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Budget Secretary Charles B. Zogby today announced that the commonwealth has
saved more than $1 million by offsetting payments to vendors and business
partners with debts more than 90 days delinquent to the commonwealth.

The Commonwealth Offset Program (COP) began in July 2013 to offset any payment
to delinquent business partners by the amount they may owe the commonwealth for
license fees, assessments or delinquent loans last year.

"As budgets continue to get tighter, it is important for the commonwealth to be
good stewards of public funds," Zogby said. "Each year, the commonwealth used to
pay millions of dollars to vendors that were delinquent on debts owed back to
it.  With the offset program, we keep valuable funds available for commonwealth
programs and services."

The COP uses the current Contractor Responsibility Program to identify vendors
who are set to receive commonwealth payment, yet are 90 days or more delinquent
on non-tax debts.  Under the COP, the debt owed to the commonwealth is deducted
from the vendor payment.  If the debt exceeds the payment, future payments would
be offset by the corresponding amount.

The commonwealth urges its business partners to pay any delinquent debts to
avoid having any future payments delayed or offset.

The COP was developed as part of the Governor's Innovation Initiative.  Since
its inception the Governor's Innovation Office has worked with state agencies on
efforts to reduce costs, increase efficiency and improve services.  These
initiatives have resulted in more than $690 million in savings and productivity
gains.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 2, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Commonwealth Saves More Than $1 Million through Payment Offset
Program

LENGTH: 296  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Budget Secretary Charles B. Zogby today announced that the commonwealth has
saved more than $1 million by offsetting payments to vendors and business
partners with debts more than 90 days delinquent to the commonwealth.

The Commonwealth Offset Program (COP) began in July 2013 to offset any payment
to delinquent business partners by the amount they may owe the commonwealth for
license fees, assessments or delinquent loans last year.

"As budgets continue to get tighter, it is important for the commonwealth to be
good stewards of public funds," Zogby said. "Each year, the commonwealth used to
pay millions of dollars to vendors that were delinquent on debts owed back to
it.  With the offset program, we keep valuable funds available for commonwealth
programs and services."

The COP uses the current Contractor Responsibility Program to identify vendors
who are set to receive commonwealth payment, yet are 90 days or more delinquent
on non-tax debts.  Under the COP, the debt owed to the commonwealth is deducted
from the vendor payment.  If the debt exceeds the payment, future payments would
be offset by the corresponding amount.

The commonwealth urges its business partners to pay any delinquent debts to
avoid having any future payments delayed or offset.

The COP was developed as part of the Governor's Innovation Initiative.  Since
its inception the Governor's Innovation Office has worked with state agencies on
efforts to reduce costs, increase efficiency and improve services.  These
initiatives have resulted in more than $690 million in savings and productivity
gains.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Texas: Pennsylvania Tax Changes and Tax Amnesty Program

LENGTH: 2361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



   As part of the budget package, the Pennsylvania General Assembly made many
significant changes to various Pennsylvania tax laws and the unclaimed property
law (including a tax amnesty program) that are estimated to generate $752
million of additional revenue for the Commonwealth.





 Tax Amnesty Program



 The new law requires the Department of Revenue to administer a 60-day tax
amnesty program ending no later than June 30, 2017. Amnesty will be available
only to taxpayers who did not participate in the Commonwealth's 2010 tax amnesty
program and will not be available to taxpayers who are on notice that they are
the subject of a criminal investigation or have been named a defendant in a
criminal complaint alleging a violation of tax laws. The program will apply to
all taxes administered by the Department--including sales tax collection and
employment tax withholding obligations--for which a taxpayer was delinquent as
of December 31, 2015.



 Eligible taxpayers may participate in the program by filing a tax amnesty
return, paying the tax and 50 percent of the interest, and filing completed new
and/or amended returns for each year of delinquency. In exchange, the Department
will waive 50 percent of the interest and all of the penalties that otherwise
would be imposed on the delinquent taxes. Additionally, eligible taxpayers with
"unknown" tax liabilities--i.e., liabilities for which the taxpayer has not been
contacted by the Department regarding unfiled returns and which are not
currently under audit--will not be liable for any delinquent taxes of the same
type that were due before January 1, 2011. If a taxpayer seeks to participate in
the program for a liability that is subject to a deferred payment plan, as a
condition for amnesty, the taxpayer must agree to pay the full tax amount by the
end of the amnesty period.



 Participation in the amnesty program is contingent on continued compliance with
Pennsylvania tax obligations. Specifically, if, within two years from the end
date of the program, unless a valid appeal is pending, a taxpayer becomes
delinquent for three consecutive periods for semi-monthly, monthly, quarterly,
or other periodic tax liabilities, or becomes eight months or more delinquent
for filing or paying any annual tax liabilities, the Department can collect all
penalties and interest waived pursuant to the amnesty program. Following an
unsuccessful appeal, a taxpayer must pay the liabilities within applicable time
limits to avoid becoming delinquent and liable for the waived penalties and
interest. As was true of the 2010 amnesty program, participation in the program
will waive any right to participate in any future amnesty program.



 The Department is tasked with promulgating guidelines detailing the program and
procedures by September 11, 2016.



 Sales and Use Tax Changes



 The new law subjects digital delivery (including streaming) of games, music,
movies, and apps, among other digital products, to sales and use tax effective
August 1, 2016, giving vendors very little time to prepare. Specially, the new
law provides that "tangible personal property" subject to tax includes "video;
photographs; books; any otherwise taxable printed matter; applications, commonly
known as apps; games; music; any other audio, including satellite radio service;
canned software, notwithstanding the function performed; or any other tangible
personal property electronically delivered, streamed, or accessed."



 Notably, in addition to subjecting digital products to tax and expressly adding
canned software to the list of taxable products (which software was subject to
tax by virtue of a 2010 Pennsylvania Supreme Court decision, Dechert LLP v.
Commonwealth), the new law provides that updates, maintenance and support of
these digital products are subject to tax. Although it was not expressly part of
the Dechert holding, the Court indicated that maintenance and support for canned
software likely were exempt from tax.



 Other sales and use tax changes include:



     A reduction in the vendor discount for vendors who timely report and pay
tax. Prior to the new law, all vendors who reported and paid timely were
entitled to a 1 percent discount. Effective for sales tax returns due after
August 1, 2016, the new law caps the discount at the lesser of 1 percent or $25
per return for monthly filers, $75 per return for quarterly filers, and $150 per
return for semi-annual filers, all capped at $300 annually. It is possible that
some vendors may argue that this severely reduced cap violates the Uniformity
Clause of the Pennsylvania Constitution;

     The addition of criminal penalties for vendors who use "zappers" or
devices/software programs that suppress sales and use tax with the intent to
evade tax; and

     The addition of exclusions from sales and use tax for returnable corrugated
boxes used to deliver snack foods, services related to the setup, teardown, or
maintenance of certain tangible personal property at the Pennsylvania Convention
Center in Philadelphia or at a convention center or public auditorium
established under the Second Class County Code (i.e., the David L. Lawrence
Convention Center in Pittsburgh), or the County Code (e.g., the Lancaster County
Convention Center and the Bayfront Convention Center in Erie), and property and
services used directly in timbering operations.



 Corporate Net Income Tax Changes



 Before the new law, Pennsylvania corporate net income tax (CNIT) law did not
provide for amended returns. By regulation, taxpayers could file amended returns
but there was no requirement that the Department process such returns.
Additionally, confusion and missed deadlines arose when taxpayers filed amended
returns claiming refunds rather than filing formal refund claims with the Board
of Appeals. The new law attempts to address these issues by requiring the
Department to act on amended returns; providing that if there is no action by
the Department within one year from filing (a period that can be extended to two
years with mutual consent), the return is deemed accepted; and allowing a
taxpayer to appeal to the Board of Appeals if it disagrees with the Department's
action on an amended return. However, it is important to note when considering
whether to file an amended return that, when a taxpayer files an amended return,
the statute of limitations for the Department to assess tax with respect to the
entire return (not just the item or items causing the taxpayer to file an
amended return) is extended to the later of one year from the date of the filing
of the amended report, or three years from the filing of the original return.
Thus, if an amended return is filed near the end of the limitations period for
the Department to assess CNIT, an amended return could give the Department a
substantial amount of additional time to review the entire tax year and assess
additional CNIT. As under prior law, the taxpayer may consent to an additional
extension of the statute.



 Importantly, an amended return may not be filed:



     in lieu of a timely appeal of an assessment "except if a taxpayer would be
entitled to an adjustment of the taxpayer's tax liability as defined by the
regulations of the department;"

     if the issue giving rise to the amendment has been addressed on its merits
by an administrative tribunal or court;

     or if the amended return "takes a position that is contrary to law or
published department policy."



 The last exception is particularly troubling because it leaves open the
possibility that the Department could argue that an amended return is contrary
to its policy and therefore not subject to the requirement that the Department
act within one year. Therefore, taxpayers still should consider filing refund
petitions with the Board of Appeals rather than amended returns.



 The new law also clarifies CNIT return filing dates by providing that all CNIT
returns are due 30 days after the federal return is due (or would be due if the
corporation is not required to file a federal return). Prior to this change, the
statute provided that all returns were due on April 15 unless there was a valid
federal extension. This change addresses a federal change effective for the 2016
tax year establishing April 15 (instead of March 15) as the due date for federal
income tax returns filed by calendar year corporate taxpayers, and ensures
consistent treatment for non-calendar year taxpayers that do not file a federal
extension.



 Changes to Unclaimed Property Law



 Under the new law, subject to certain conditions, the Treasurer can require
unredeemed and unclaimed U.S. Savings Bonds issued to Pennsylvania residents to
be escheated to the Commonwealth if the bonds are more than three years beyond
the date of final maturity and the owner has not indicated an interest in such
bond.



 Additionally, the new law provides new details regarding escheatment of
property held by a fiduciary or agent-in-fact, including 401(k) accounts and
individual retirement accounts (IRAs). Such property now is presumed abandoned
and unclaimed three years after the holder has lost contact with the owner (as
now defined in great detail in the unclaimed property law) unless the owner has,
within that period increased or decreased the principal amount in the account,
accepted a distribution or other payment of principal or income; or otherwise
indicated an interest in the property or in other property of the owner in the
custody of the holder.



 Finally, the new law provides detailed instructions to holders for determining
the specific date on which a holder has "lost contact" with a property owner for
purposes of the unclaimed property law and establishes new, very detailed,
notification requirements for the holder of the property to send to the owner
prior to reporting the property to the Commonwealth as unclaimed.



 Bank Shares Tax



     The new law raises the bank shares tax rate to 0.95 percent from 0.89
percent effective January 1, 2017;

     Effective for years beginning after December 31, 2016, the new law
eliminates the $100,000 gross receipts threshold in the statutory definition of
"doing business in this Commonwealth;"

     The new law allows a phased-in exemption from the tax base for subsidiaries
formed under the federal Edge Act to conduct international business;

     The bank shares tax apportionment rules allow banks to apportion receipts
from investments and trading using either Method 1 (the fraction of other
receipts that are sourced to Pennsylvania) or Method 2 (the fraction of
investment and trading assets that are in Pennsylvania). The new law reverses a
published position of the Department and makes clear that all banks--even those
with receipts from both investment and trading assets--may elect to use Method
1; and

     The new law also changes the bank shares tax base by clarifying that the
goodwill deduction applies to both the bank shares tax base and the deduction
for U.S. obligations, and changing the definition of "total receipts" used in an
institutions apportionment denominator to include all receipts reported on the
bank's call sheet; previously, the factor was calculated on a separate company
basis.



 New Credit/Incentive Programs and Changes to Existing Programs



 The new law creates several new tax credit programs (to be administered by the
Department of Community and Economic Development) beginning July 1, 2017:
Manufacturing Tax Credit; Computer Data Center Equipment Incentive Program,
Rural Jobs and Investment Tax Credit; Concert and Rehearsal Tour Tax Credit;
Video Game Production Tax Credit; Coal Refuse Energy and Reclamation Tax Credit;
Waterfront Development Tax Credit; and Mixed Use Tax Credit.



 In addition to the new credits, the new law:



     retroactively extends the Research and Development Tax Credit, which had
expired on December 31, 2015;

     re-establishes the Brewer's Tax Credit effective June 30, 2017;

     expands the Tax Credit for New Jobs to provide enhanced benefits when a
taxpayer hires a veteran; and

     increases the Film Tax Credit cap and provides that post-production
expenses can qualify as qualifying expenditures for purposes of determining the
credit amount.



 The new law also makes changes to several of the special economic development
zone programs. Of note, the new law authorizes the creation of 12 additional
Keystone Opportunity Expansion Zones. It provides that tax benefits to parcels
within certain existing Keystone Opportunity Zones, Keystone Opportunity
Expansion Zones, or Keystone Opportunity Innovation Zones can be extended for an
additional 10 years if (among other requirements) the extension application
reflects a commitment to create at least 350 new jobs in Pennsylvania and to
make a capital investment in Pennsylvania of at least $35 million within three
years of receiving the extension.



 Other Notable Changes



     Effective 60 days after the Department issues notices clarifying the
procedures for collection, the new law expands the tax on tobacco products by
increasing the tax on cigarettes to $2.60 per pack (an increase of $1), imposing
a 40 percent tax on the wholesale price of electronic cigarettes, and imposing a
55-cent tax on several other types of tobacco products.

     Retroactive to January 1, 2016, the new law provides that Pennsylvania
Lottery winnings are subject to personal income tax and personal income tax
withholding at the time of payment.

     Effective September 11, 2016, the new law creates new exclusions from
realty transfer tax for:

         Transfers of certain agricultural conservation easements;

         Transfers under the "Conservation and Preservation Easements Act;"

         Transfers of certain perpetual easements to federal, state, or local
governments or to conservancies;

         Transfers to veterans' organizations; and

         Transfers to land banks.

     Effective August 1, 2016, the Table Games Tax rate is increased from 12
percent to 14 percent.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 8, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Property-tax certificates listing available Monday

BYLINE: AUDREY PARENTE, AUDREY PARENTE - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 389  words


Delinquent Volusia County real-estate property- tax certificates totaling nearly
$52 million, about 15 percent lower than last year, will be listed at
bidvolusia.com beginning Monday for a sale to take place May 29.

The tax certificate sale is not a sale of land, but a sale of liens against
25,985 properties for the amount of delinquent real- estate taxes.

Information on the delinquent properties is available at the property
appraiser's website, volusia.org/property where interested buyers can look up a
parcel to find its exact location, Revenue Director Peggy Flomerfelt said.

Certificate buyers bid the lowest interest rate charged against the total
delinquency, including interest and fees, a $3 parcel advertisement fee for the
property owners. The successful bidder pays for the certificate by electronic
funds transfer.

To avoid the auction, delinquent payments plus the interest and fees, must be
made to one of four county locations not later than 5 p.m. May 28. The locations
are: 123 W. Indiana Ave., Room 103, DeLand; 250 N. Beach St., Daytona Beach; 111
Canal St., New Smyrna Beach; and 2744 Enterprise Road, Orange City.

The tax collector's office also publishes a list of delinquent tangible-property
taxes, including such items as business assets, mobile-home attachments, rental
condo fixtures and other items. This year, 665 delinquent tangibles total nearly
$1.7 million. If payments of tangible-property taxes are not made by May 31,
warrants are issued and later ratified.

Once warrants are ratified, the tax collector has the right to levy fines and
seize tangible property to sell for taxes.

Published lists are included with The Volusia/Flagler Review at the following
locations:

Daytona Beach: 901 Sixth St.; Publix, 1500 Beville Rd.

Ormond Beach: Post Office, 210 Williamson Blvd.

DeLand: Corner of N. Woodland and W. Rich Ave.; Potato Patch Restaurant, 635 S.
Woodland Blvd.

Orange City: Post Office, 260 Industrial Dr.

Deltona: Post Office, 944 Deltona Blvd.

New Smyrna Beach: Courthouse, 124 Riverside Dr.; Corner of Rush St. and Canal
St.; Manny's Pizza, 3318 S. Atlantic Ave.

Edgewater: Post Office, 400 S. Ridgewood Ave.

Flagler: Palm Coast Library, West Palm Coast Parkway; Radio Shack, West Palm
Coast Parkway; Winn-Dixie, S.R. 100; Food Lion, S.R. 100; Publix, S.R. 100;
Flagler Pier North/South, A1A Flagler Beach

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 17, 2007 Saturday

23 area businesses ID'd as delinquent on taxes

BYLINE: Tony LaRussa

LENGTH: 257 words


Nearly two dozen local companies are among the 213 Pennsylvania businesses
identified as being delinquent in paying state taxes.

The 23 Western Pennsylvania companies that made the delinquency list owe about
$476,260 to the Department of Revenue. Statewide, companies owe $6.4 million in
back taxes.

"These businesses collected millions of dollars in taxes from their customers
and employees and failed to send the money to the state," said Tom Wolf, state
revenue secretary. The businesses publicly identified by the state owe sales
tax, employer withholding taxes or both.

Since the list was initiated in April 2006, 286 of the 465 businesses, or 60
percent, that have appeared on the tax delinquent list have been removed from
the Web site because they either paid their taxes in full, committed to a
deferred payment plan or went out of business, revenue department officials
said.

Before being placed on the list, businesses are contacted by the state and given
a final chance to make payment arrangements.

The prospect of appearing on the list has helped convince delinquent taxpayers
to pay $37 million and enter into deferred payment plans for an additional $18.8
million in unpaid taxes, officials said.

Other states have found that the threat of public exposure can be a successful
tax collection tool. At least 21 other states, including Maryland, New Jersey
and Virginia, use Internet lists to help collect unpaid taxes.

Delinquent taxpayers who appear on the list can contact the revenue department
to make payment arrangements.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Journal-World (Lawrence, Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                           August 16, 2006 Wednesday

Tax delinquency down from one year ago

BYLINE: Mike Belt, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 415 words


Aug. 16--Douglas Countians seem to be doing a better job of paying their
property taxes this year.

While the number of land parcels that were taxed increased in 2005, the number
currently showing delinquent taxes has dropped, according to the Douglas County
Treasurer's Office.

"We have more parcels, fewer delinquencies," Treasurer Paula Gilchrist said.

A list of delinquent properties and their owners published by the county in
Tuesday's Journal-World showed that as of Aug. 1, there were 969 parcels
delinquent. That was down from 1,316 delinquent parcels on July 27 when an early
list was prepared, Gilchrist said.

A year ago at this time, there initially were 1,370 delinquent parcels based on
2004 property tax notices. Total properties taxed were 37,193.

Taxes still owed this year on 2005 property delinquencies amount to almost $2
million. There were a total of 38,383 parcels taxed in 2005, Gilchrist said.

If taxes plus interest and fees are not paid by Sept. 5, the county will put a
tax lien on the property. That prevents the owner from selling it without paying
the taxes first.

The wording of the state statute that appears with the published tax list causes
confusion among some land owners, said Stacy Kurtz, director of taxation and
accounting in the treasurer's office.

"We have a lot of people who call in and think we are selling these
(properties), and that is not what is happening," she said.

Delinquent properties can't be auctioned by the county until they have been
delinquent for at least two years and 10 months, Kurtz said. A tax sale will be
scheduled sometime this year for nine properties that are delinquent from 2000
and 2001, Gilchrist said.

Property tax notices are mailed to owners in November. No second notice is
mailed. If at least the first half of the taxes are not paid by Dec. 20,
interest will start accruing. By May 10, the entire tax should be paid.

Owners who are delinquent should get a notice before the tax list is published,
as long as the treasurer's office has the correct address.

Owners sometimes miss the notices as well as previous tax notices if they have
moved or switched mortgage companies because of refinancing, Gilchrist said.

Copyright (c) 2006, Journal-World, Lawrence, Kan. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060816-LW-0816-Tax-delinquency-down-from-one-year-ago

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LW


                          Copyright 2006 Journal-World


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Belden, Crist face off over delinquent tax collections

BYLINE: MIKE SALINERO, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 294 words


BY MIKE SALINERO

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA Hillsborough County Tax Collector Doug Belden on Wednesday angrily
disputed comments by County Commissioner Victor Crist that suggested Belden
might need help from a private firm to collect delinquent tangible taxes, such
as on farm equipment and mobile home registrations.

Belden, taking the podium at Wednesday morning's commission meeting, told Crist
the commissioner should have exercised "professional courtesy" by discussing his
concerns about delinquent taxes with the tax collector privately. Belden said
his office writes off 2 percent to 3 percent of delinquent intangible taxes a
year.

"I will take that write-off and compare it to any collection statewide,
nationwide or whatever," Belden said.

He said law firms out of Texas have been lobbying legislatures in multiple
states to allow them to offer their services to county governments that need
help collecting taxes. He said they charge the delinquent taxpayers fees up to
40 percent over the amount of tax due.

Crist ended up apologizing to Belden, but did not say he would withdraw his
proposal. At one point, Crist held up his hand, spreading his thumb and a finger
about 2 inches apart, to illustrate a stack of delinquent intangible tax
collections he had seen.

"Again, as a county commissioner, I am free to discuss at the dais what I
believe we need to discuss at any time," said Crist, a former state legislator
who was elected to the commission in November. "I don't need to clear it with
anybody."

Belden said the commission has always had the power to hire outside collection
firms, but that he doesn't need one.

msalinero@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-8303

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 25, 2009 Monday

Tug-of-war over funds divides commissioners, elected officials

BYLINE: By Lynn Hulsey Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 1078 words


DAYTON - When Montgomery County Administrator Deborah Feldman surveys the
county's dismal financial picture, she can't help but notice the $9.4 million
sitting in county treasurer and prosecutor coffers.

That money, accumulated from delinquent property tax payments, can only be used
to collect additional late taxes. But neither office can get it all spent. So it
just sits there collecting interest, even as county commissioners dip into
reserves and require a second round of across-the-board budget cuts to offset
this year's projected $7.6 million General Fund shortfall.

The county's approximately $7.4 million in across-theboard-cuts - first in
December and now in progress for mid-year - have led to layoffs in the sheriff's
office and clerk of courts, the planned closure of Memorial Hall and elimination
of parks and recreation programs. More layoffs are likely.

State law keeps Feldman from tapping the $9.4 million held by the treasurer and
prosecutor. The law allows those offices to keep and divide evenly 5 percent of
delinquent tax collections. Had the taxes been paid on time the money would have
gone to schools, the human services levy, Sinclair Community College, the Dayton
Metro Library and other property tax recipients.

33 special funds

The delinquent tax funds are just two of 33 special purpose funds totaling $19.4
million controlled by elected officials other than Montgomery County
Commissioners.

County Prosecutor Mathias H. Heck Jr. has the largest pot of special fund money,
with nearly $5.8 million accumulated in his delinquent tax fund. County
Treasurer Carolyn Rice has the second largest: $3.6 million in her delinquent
tax fund. Money coming into those funds - about $935,000 for each office last
year - far exceeds the amount that each office spends collecting delinquent
taxes.

"It appears that we are consistently collecting more than has been needed to
perform the function," Feldman said. "(That) fund has had me concerned for a
very long time."

Rice and Heck defend the funds, saying they are using the money to aggressively
seek past due taxes. This year Rice plans to spend $783,440 of the money and
Heck will spend about $500,000. Both say they may need the balances in the
future, particularly if the state loosens the rules to allow them to spend the
money more broadly.

Rice would like to use the money to help with the home foreclosure crisis, or as
seed money for a landbanking program to redevelop foreclosed property. She
supports changing state law to permit that.

Other area counties also have millions accumulating in dozens of special purpose
funds. Warren County has about $2.7 million. Greene has approximately $1.8
million and Miami has about $2 million.

Many of the funds are controlled by the courts and supported through fees
charged to users, typically to pay for computers and equipment or legal
research. The sheriff's office has funds from seized assets in drug cases, and
also uses license fees to administer concealed carry laws. Several elected
officials have special project funds, such as the nearly $500,000 Montgomery
County Court Administrative Judge James Manning said he's saving in case the
Ohio Legislature allows the court to convert to full-time operations.

"I have plans for it," Manning said. "It would be frustrating if the county came
around and grabbed money we've been saving."

Legislation sought

The County Commissioners' Association of Ohio wants the Legislature to give
commissioners access to elected officials' special funds during times of fiscal
stress. The proposal would require public hearings and prohibit commissioners
from draining the funds.

"We are trying to be introspective at the county level as to how we can become
more efficient and maximize taxpayer dollars and resources," said Cheryl Subler,
managing director of policy for the CCAO.

Area elected officials and statewide associations representing elected officials
are lining up in opposition to the proposal, although many want additional
flexibility for the officials who now control the funds.

"I think its completely wrong," said Montgomery County Recorder Willis
Blackshear. "It limits our ability to do our job."

Plans for funds

Greene County Sheriff Eugene Fischer said he's building up his $485,000
seized-asset fund for computer systems in deputies' cars. He said he understands
times are tight, and he's lost sleep over having to lay off 10 corrections
employees. But he said commissioners should leave his special funds alone.

"It's just like getting kicked when you're down," Fischer said. "And you're
getting kicked by fellow elected officials that are supposed to be doing what's
best for the entire county."

But Warren County Commissioner Pat South said counties need flexibility during
times of fiscal crisis.

"I think that what the CCAO is proposing is good, but it certainly does need to
have a definition as to what constitutes a financial emergency due to an
economic condition, as opposed to a self-imposed financial emergency because of
poor management," South said.

Montgomery County Commission President Dan Foley and Feldman also support the
idea, which has yet to gain traction in the Legislature.

Feldman normally opposes using one-time money to pay for operations, but she
said having access to the special funds could help the county weather the
current crisis until the economy recovers.

"Why not use that money right now to help us maintain basic services," Feldman
said.

Greene County Administrator Howard Poston said any change in the law would be
contentious, and Miami County Commission President John O'Brien is concerned
about the impact on relations between commissioners and elected officials.

Several area state legislators say they see some merit in at least studying the
idea of loosening restrictions on the funds. But the legislators, who include
Sen. Jon Husted, R-Kettering; Sen. Fred Strahorn, D-Dayton; Rep. Peggy Lehner,
R-Kettering; and Rep. Clayton Luckie, D-Dayton, all expressed reluctance to give
commissioners free hand with the money.

Montgomery County Probate Judge Alice McCollum said she can see why
budget-conscious county commissioners may look hungrily at the $449,000 she is
saving up for computer equipment and software.

"I understand their concern because they think you are sitting on a pile of
money that we're not using," McCollum said. "(But) it is something that I use
and something that I need."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7455 or lhulsey @DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

Stonington residents warned of mortgage-tax scam

BYLINE: Joe Wojtas, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


March 10--STONINGTON -- Tax Collector Linda Camelio warned residents Tuesday of
an apparent scam in which those who have mortgages are told to forward a copy of
their canceled check to the company to prove they have paid their taxes.

The instructions have come on the letterhead of banks such as Chase, Bank of
America and the Home Equity Service Center.

Camelio said over the past two days she has received several phone calls from
taxpayers who said they've received a letter from their mortgage company stating
that they have delinquent taxes and in order to prove they have paid, the
taxpayer must send them a copy of the front and back of their canceled checks.

Camelio said she believes the letters are a scam, since in each case the
homeowner has not owed any taxes.

Camelio said that if residents receive one of the letters, they should not
forward a copy of a canceled check because that gives the scammer their bank
account numbers and check routing numbers in addition to their names and
addresses.

If anyone has questions about whether their taxes are paid, Camelio said they
should call her office at (860) 535-5080.

Camelio provided The Day with a copy of one of the letters brought to her by a
taxpayer.

The official-looking letter states that "A recent review of tax records has
revealed delinquent taxes on the property securing the above referenced loan,"
and it goes on to list the parcel number, delinquent tax year and alleged unpaid
amount.

"Based on the terms outlined in your Home Equity Credit Line Agreement and Deed
of Trust, you are required to pay all tax assessments prior to their becoming
delinquent. If payment has been made, please forward a copy of the front and
back of your cancelled check(s) or a copy of your paid receipt(s), along with
the tear-off below within thirty (30) days. PLEASE DO NOT SEND FUNDS FOR YOUR
DELINQUENT TAXES TO OUR OFFICE. Your prompt attention to this matter is
appreciated."

A P.O. Box in Fort Worth, Texas, is provided as a mailing address.

Police Capt. Todd Olson said Tuesday that Camelio has contacted him about the
scam and he is preparing to send out an email to residents warning them about
it.

"It's fortunate that the people who received the letters called her first," he
said.

j.wojtas@theday.com

Twitter: @JoeWojtas

___ (c)2015 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150310-NL-Stonington-residents-warned-of-mortgage-tax-scam-0310-20150310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2015 The Day


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 6, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FLORIDA TOPS IN LAPSED MORTGAGES

BYLINE: By JEFF OSTROWSKI Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 340 words


One in 12 mortgage borrowers in Florida are critically behind on their loan
payments, the Mortgage Bankers Association said Friday.

Some 8.43 percent of borrowers were either in foreclosure or 90 days late in the
second quarter of 2008, the group said. That's up from 6.71 percent in the first
quarter, and it's by far the highest level of "seriously delinquent" loans in
Florida in the organization's 29 years of records.

"It used to be 1 percent was a red flag," said Miami bank analyst and economist
Ken Thomas. "When you get over 5 percent, that's a Category 5 type of number."

Florida leads the nation in seriously delinquent loans, ranking ahead of
boom-and-bust states Nevada, Arizona and California, the association said.

The spike in delinquent borrowers didn't surprise real estate experts.

"How can we be surprised?" said mortgage lender Bill Davis, president of Private
Funding Specialists in Palm Beach Gardens. "In fact, the numbers are going to
get worse."

As home prices spiked and lenders demanded only tiny down payments, many buyers
used adjustable-rate mortgages and other types of exotic loans to buy homes.

"Runaway home prices coupled with extremely easy credit meant a lot of home
buyers were resorting to risky mortgage products as an affordability crutch,"
said Greg McBride, senior financial analyst at Bankrate in North Palm Beach.

McBride called the flood of loan defaults "unprecedented." Until late 2007, the
rate of seriously delinquent loans in Florida had never topped 3 percent.

Plummeting home prices are fueling the number of foreclosures.

"People chose the lowest payment option to get into some of the very expensive
housing markets, and now that prices are coming way down, they can't sell and
they can't afford the higher payments,'' Jay Brinkmann, chief economist of the
Mortgage Bankers Association, told Bloomberg News.

In Palm Beach County, the median home price has fallen from a peak of $421,500
in November 2005 to $291,300 in July 2008, the Florida Association of Realtors
said.

~ jeff_ostrowski@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC (B&W)
 CHRISTOPHER SMITH/Staff Artist Falling behind One in 12 Florida mortgage
borrowers is 'seriously delinquent,' defined as 90 days past due or in
foreclosure.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Pennsylvania's new lien law could monkeywrench REO sales in 6 ways

LENGTH: 914  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Land Title Association has issued the following news release:

A new law in Pennsylvania requires that delinquent taxes on one property will
create liens on all of owners' other properties in that county, and real estate
agents and lenders are worried it will put a kibbosh on business.

"I admit to being blindsided by this new law. I can't comprehend how it was
passed without being blocked by Realtors, mortgage lenders and title insurers,"
said one HousingWire tipster, located in Pennsylvania. "I can only imagine that
they didn't see it coming or couldn't conceive that the legislators would give
it credence or didn't understand the full complexity of unintended
consequences."

In November 2013, Act 93 of 2013 was signed into law by the Pennsylvania
Legislature. The act amends the Municipal Claim and Tax Lien Law to provide for
the collection of delinquent property tax claims through judgment liens as
opposed to a municipal lien.

When a title is searched, real estate professionals are now required to discover
all real estate owned by the vested owner in the county. Then they must check to
see if there are any liened delinquent property taxes owed and all of the liened
delinquent property taxes owed for any properties owned by this entity will be
considered a lien against all property they own in that county.

Municipal liens stay with the property, while judgments stay with the person. If
an owner does not pay the real estate taxes on his Pennsylvania property, that
judgment will now attach to any and all other property he may own in the same
Pennsylvania county.

"The system already in place for collection of delinquent property taxes in PA
works just fine. I hear that the impetus behind this law was Philadelphia. I
fail to see why the entire state must suffer for the failure of Philadelphia to
manage its business," said the source.

Our source outlined for HousingWire their thoughts on the potential impact of
this new Pennsylvania law:

1) It can jam up a sale needed to raise capital to remove a lien

A seller in a purchase transaction who is in financial distress having
delinquent taxes on more than one piece of real estate in a county will have
difficulty liquidating individual properties as there may not be sufficient
equity in one transaction to cover all outstanding delinquent tax obligations.
In these cases, buyers of the property would not be able to complete their
transaction and by the time this information has been discovered are likely to
have spent significant time and money on the potential purchase.

2) It can jam up other sales

A borrower in a refinance transaction who is in financial distress having
delinquent taxes on more than one piece of real estate in a county will have
difficulty liquidating individual properties as there may not be sufficient
equity in one transaction to cover all outstanding delinquent tax obligations.

3) Institutional investors, REO are looking at major headaches

Large entities who take title to real estate following foreclosure such as
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, HUD, VA and lots of mortgage lenders are likely to have
delinquent property taxes outstanding on multiple properties. I can only imagine
the complexity of the search process, competing transactions taking place at the
same time and deciding who has paid what at what time. I just can't conceive of
how these entities will cover shortages to pay all taxes as these REO properties
close. Perhaps they will simply advance funds to clear delinquent taxes on all
properties as they acquire them, however, even in this case, we will have to
live through a period of transition that might be crazy.

Click below for four through six.

page 2
A lien on one becomes a lien on all
taxlien

A new law in Pennsylvania requires that delinquent taxes on one property will
create liens on all of owners' other properties in that county, and real estate
agents and lenders are up in arms. Here are ways four-six on how it could impact
real estate business in Pennsylvania, according to one HousingWire tipster:

4) Compliance costs roll downhill

Increased search time and costs which will be passed onto consumers in some
fashion yet to be determined.

5) It will slow real estate productivity

Pennsylvania businesses including real estate offices, mortgage lenders, and
title insurance agents such as myself will suffer loss of productivity and more
importantly, loss of out of pocket funds expended for transactions which might
have otherwise closed if not for this new law.

6) It may result in less delinquent collections, not more

We had a good system in place for collection of delinquent property taxes.
Allowing transaction to close, always results in the delinquencies for each
property to be resolved individually. Now, with this new law, you are likely to
see less collection of delinquencies as people are unable to move properties due
to lack of equity sufficient to cover delinquencies on multiple properties.
Trey Garrison is the Senior Financial Reporter for HousingWire magazine and
HW.com. Trey has served as real estate editor for the Dallas Business Journal,
and was one of the founding editors of D CEO Magazine. He has been an editor for
D Magazine -- considered among the best city magazines in the United States --
and a contributor for Reason magazine, the national magazine that promotes free
minds and free markets. Follow him on Twitter @TreyGarrisonHW and reach him at
469-893-1502.

For further information please visit: http://www.alta.org

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday

Maguire warns of possible real estate scam

BYLINE: Christina Abel

SECTION: Pg. V-1

LENGTH: 372 words


A possible real estate and mail fraud scam from California has targeted at least
two St. Johns County residents, including County Commission Chairman Bruce
Maguire.

At a Sept. 6 commissioner's meeting, Maguire warned the public about the
potential scam after he said he received about 15 letters postmarked from the
Property Tax Department in Irvine, Ca. The letters, signed by Scott Santos,
refer to Maguire's property identification numbers and imply that there are
delinquent taxes and liens on the properties.

Maguire said the county Tax Collectors Office assured him that he had no
delinquent taxes. He said he turned the letters over to the U.S. Postal Service
because of potential mail fraud. Maguire said he also thinks the letters could
be part of a real estate scam.

A St. Augustine couple received an identical letter about their property and
told the police and County Commissioner Ben Rich.

Rich said he knew what "the deal was" as soon as he heard about the letter.

The letters said, "If the Tax Collector sells your property at public auction or
if the lien holder chooses to foreclose when your parcel becomes too delinquent,
you could no longer own the property. However, I may be willing to pay you cash
for your property and pay all your delinquent taxes, interest, penalties and
fees before your property is lost."

The only business referred to in the letters is the Property Tax Department, but
the phone number is for a company called National Land Liquidations.

A woman who answered the phone at the company last week and would identify
herself only as Katie K., said the letters were sent out by mistake and that the
company was sorry for the mix-up.

Maguire was skeptical of this being a simple mistake.

He compared it to other situations in which developers purchase 60 to 70 houses,
then go out to investors in California and sell them 10 houses at a time, with
the investors never having seen the property.

"It's a big marketing scheme out in California and something like this may be
tied in. So if you get anything from California about buying your property, be
very careful," Maguire said.

Staff writer Christina Abel can be reached at (904) 249-4947, extension 19, or
via e-mail at christina.abel@jacksonville.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 11, 1999, Saturday, THREE STAR EDITION

NATION & WORLD BRIEFS

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1451 words



NATION

MARYLAND

Juvenile delinquents allege abuse at camps

A Maryland judge pulled 26 juvenile delinquents from state-run boot camps Friday
after the boys testified that camp guards had thrown them through windows, stuck
thumbs in their eyes and routinely beat them.

Judge Martin P. Welch ordered the boys placed immediately into other secure
juvenile facilities.

The teens, all of whom are from Baltimore, were summoned from the three
state-run camps 150 miles away in western Maryland.

The judge wanted to determine whether the teen-agers were appropriately housed
after reading reports this week in The (Baltimore) Sun that guards in at least
one camp routinely attacked delinquents.

Gov. Parris Glendening has ordered an investigation into abuse alle gations at
the camps.

WASHINGTON

Government seeks to halt sale of cancer products

The government asked a federal judge Friday to stop the sale of a popular brand
of shark cartilage and two other alternative remedies, saying the manufacturers
illegally claim the products can be used to treat cancer.

BeneFin, the shark cartilage, has not been proved to treat cancer, the Food and
Drug Administration said in seeking a permanent injunction against the product.
Lane Labs-USA packages the product in Allendale, N.J.

The FDA complaint also names a Lane skin cream called SkinAnswer, purported to
be a treatment for skin cancer, and a rice-bran extract called MGN-3, with is
purported to be a treatment for both cancer and AIDS.

Joyce Steel, a spokeswoman for Lane, said, "We have no comment at this time
except to say we believe we've done nothing wrong."

IDAHO

Government pays to stop proposed subdivision

The federal government is paying $ 2.3 million to stop a proposed subdivision in
central Idaho that would threaten a spectacular view of the Sawtooth Mountains.

"We are preserving a precious piece of Idaho not only for American taxpayers
today but for generations to follow," Sawtooth National Forest Supervisor Bill
LeVere said Friday.

The deal with the WOMAC Land and Cattle Co., owned by Joe, Julian and Bob Piva,
ended three years of negotiations over the future of the meadow about 80 miles
northeast of Boise. The Pivas acquired the land long before the Sawtooth
National Recreation Area was created in 1972.

Under the agreement, the Pivas retain ownership of the 160-acre tract, but they
and subsequent owners will be restricted to building only one home on any of the
three parcels. The proposed subdivision had 20 lots.

The Piva easement brings all but 2,500 acres of the privately owned land in the
756,000-acre recreation area under development restrictions.

CALIFORNIA

Rescuers search for 7 Marines lost in crash

Rescuers searched the Pacific Ocean on Friday but held out little hope for seven
Marines who were lost when their helicopter crashed.

The CH-46 Sea Knight helicopter went down Thursday afternoon about 15 miles off
San Diego during a training exercise, while flying from one ship to another.
Eleven of the 18 Marines aboard were quickly rescued.

The wreckage was submerged in 3,600 feet of water. Only a few pieces of the
helicopter were recovered by Friday afternoon, said Lt. Scott Bowman, a Marine
spokesman.

==============

WORLD

BRITAIN

Investigate Seattle police, Amnesty International says

Amnesty International on Friday called for an inquiry into police action taken
during demonstrations in Seattle against the World Trade Organization.

The international human rights group, based in London, said in a statement that
it was concerned about allegations of indiscriminate use of tear gas, pepper
spray, rubber bullets and noisemakers.

The group also called for an investigation into allegations of cruel treatment
of the hundreds of arrested protesters at Seattle's King County Jail. It said
some of the alleged incidents, such as the use of restraint chairs and beatings,
appeared to have violated international human rights standards.

SWITZERLAND

Experts call for delay in destroying smallpox

Experts have recommended further research on the smallpox virus before the
world's only known remaining stocks in the United States and Russia are
destroyed, the World Health Organization said Friday.

The recommendation was made by the group's advisory committee on variola virus
research, composed of 16 experts from all regions, who ended a four-day meeting
at the group's headquarters in Geneva Thursday.

Last May, the WHO's 191 member nations voted to delay destruction of the
smallpox virus stocks until 2002 at the latest.

The deadly stocks are kept in high-security laboratories at the Centers for
Disease Control in Atlanta and at the Russian State Center for Research on
Virology and Biotechnology in Novosibirsk.

INDONESIA

New government releases political prisoners

Indonesia's new reformist government freed almost all the country's remaining
political prisoners today, reversing a path followed by a prior regime that had
jailed thousands of opponents.

About 90 dissidents - including 18 East Timorese independence activists - were
released from prison, said director-general of correctional affairs, Hasanuddin.
Like many Indonesians, he uses only one name.

The prisoners include six men who were jailed for being members of an illegal
communist group. Thousands of suspected communist sympathizers were jailed
following an aborted coup in 1965.

Following the election of the new President Abdurrahman Wahid in October, the
government promised it would release all remaining political prisoners.

MEXICO

Human rights group cites Mexico for torture

Serious and widespread human rights violations continued in Mexico this year,
including torture and arbitrary arrests, Human Rights Watch said in its annual
report.

In the report received Friday in Mexico, the U.S.-based human rights group said
"the gap between rhetorical support for human rights and their effective
protection ... remained great."

Despite a new federal effort to promote and strengthen respect for human rights,
"another year passed in which Mexico's deeply rooted human rights problems
received inadequate attention from authorities," it said.

"Rather than confront these problems head-on, politicians either ignored human
rights topics altogether or chose to blame human rights groups for exacerbating
public security problems."

There was no immediate response from the government, and the Foreign Ministry
said it had not issued a statement.

FRANCE

Unmanned rocket launches 3.7-ton satellite

The Ariane 5 rocket accomplished a smooth first mission Friday.

The unmanned rocket rose into a cloudless sky from Europe's space base in
Kourou, French Guiana, on the northern shoulder of South America.

The 746-ton launcher lobbed the European Space Agency's X-Ray Multi-Mirror
scientific satellite, weighing 3.7 tons, into orbit 29 minutes after the launch.

The satellite is equipped with three powerful telescopes, each holding 58
mirrors.

Ariane 5 is the most powerful in the European series of unmanned rockets. The
control center for the missions is outside Paris.

ARGENTINA

New president promises more austere times

Fernando de la Rua was sworn in Friday as Argentina's 47th president. He
promised to create an austere government in contrast to the flamboyant decade of
Carlos Menem.

"One era is over, and a new century is beginning," said De la Rua, 62, a former
mayor of Buenos Aires.

Menem's two terms and 10 years in power were the longest uninterrupted stay in
the presidency.

De la Rua, leader of the centrist Radical party, teamed up with the leftist
Frepaso party to defeat the Peronists in the Oct. 24 election. De la Rua easily
won election over his Peronist challenger, saying Menem's record left high
unemployment and other social costs unattended.

"All Argentines across length and breadth of this country are seeking better
times. We are going to work to that end!" he said.

CANADA

Law aims to hinder Quebec's plan to secede

The Canadian government unveiled legislation Friday that seeks to make it more
difficult for the French-speaking province of Quebec to secede from Canada.

"This is the time to act, to make sure things are clear," Prime Minister Jean
Chretien told reporters after his government submitted the draft legislation to
the House of Commons.

The bill seeks to make law a 1998 judgment of the Supreme Court of Canada which
said that any referendum about whether Quebec should secede from Canada would
have to be won by a clear majority on a clear question.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Color Photo by ANDRES LEIGHTON/THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - Supporters
of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez burn an anti-Chavez banner during a
demonstration Friday against a proposed constitution by university students in
Caracas. The nation will vote Wednesday on a constitution drafted by an assembly
filled with Chavez's supporters.

TYPE: Nation/World Briefs Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           January 12, 2008 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Phila. groups helping late borrowers;
Unemployment Project, ACORN work with lender Countrywide to negotiate affordable
mortgages.

BYLINE: By Harold Brubaker; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Inq Front Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 716 words


Regina Taylor was in a heap of financial trouble last month.

The payment on the $78,000 adjustable-rate mortgage for her house in Mount Airy
climbed from $515 to a scheduled $1,010 this month.

Taylor, 53, a grandmother of eight, had fallen behind the year before after a
job loss and couldn't catch up, barely escaping a sheriff's sale last summer.

Then last month, Countrywide Financial Corp. agreed to modify her loan, giving
her a fixed payment of $535 a month, including taxes and insurance.

"Everything worked out really well," said Taylor, who went to Cleveland last
month to meet with Countrywide officials as part of the Philadelphia
Unemployment Project's campaign to switch delinquent borrowers to affordable
fixed-rate mortgages.

A menacing increase in delinquent subprime loans like Taylor's drove
Countrywide, the nation's largest mortgage lender, to be rescued from possible
bankruptcy by Bank of America Corp., which said yesterday that it would pay $4.1
billion in stock for Countrywide, of Calabasas, Calif.

Bank of America plans to dump Countrywide's huge subprime business, Ken Lewis,
the Charlotte, N.C., bank's chief executive officer, said yesterday during a
conference call.

But until then, Countrywide's mortgage-servicing arm is dealing with a surge in
delinquent loans - many of them subprime - from 411,583 in December 2006 to
628,820 last month.

Next week, Countrywide plans to announce an agreement with the Association of
Community Organizations for Reform Now, or ACORN, to contain an anticipated
flood of foreclosures by streamlining procedures for moving delinquent subprime
borrowers into affordable loans.

Marcia Morgan-Coleman is among the Philadelphia borrowers seeking help from
ACORN in negotiating with Countrywide over better loan terms.

Morgan-Coleman was anything but a subprime borrower when she bought a house for
$82,000 in 2003. Her 30-year mortgage for $72,000 had a fixed interest rate of
5.375 percent, she said yesterday.

But coming off a divorce and starting over as a single mother with a
middle-class lifestyle, she ran up a chunk of credit-card debt.

Meanwhile, Countrywide sent her a stream of offers for a home equity loan to
consolidate her credit-card debt. She said that every time she got on the phone
to confirm a payment, Countrywide customer-service representatives badgered her
about getting a second loan. In 2005, she relented, taking out a $15,000
home-equity loan. "I thought it was going to save me money in the long run," she
said.

But she did not know that she was only paying interest on the home-equity loan
and that the interest rate was climbing, until it reached the 15 percent to 16
percent range, about the same as the credit-card rate.

A Countrywide spokesman could not be reached for comment on the terms of
Morgan-Coleman's loan.

The monthly interest payment has gone from $80 to $150, and she can't keep up,
especially after losing her job in retail a year ago and going to school to
become a medical technician.

Morgan-Coleman said she was current on her first mortgage, which costs $550 a
month, including taxes and insurance. But the lender is threatening to foreclose
because she's been months behind on the second mortgage.

"Right now, I don't even consider myself middle class," said Morgan-Coleman, who
has also fallen behind on other bills.

"It's horrible when you get bamboozled by these big companies who just want to
make money," she said. "It's just not right. It really, really angers me."

Taylor, the Mount Airy woman whose loan was modified by Countrywide, is happy
now. "I'm settled," said Taylor, who had refinanced in 2005 to pay her
grandmother's nursing-home expenses and to finance home repairs.

But John Dodds, director the group that took Taylor to Cleveland, pointed out
that Taylor would pay only interest for four years.

"Basically, she has no equity in her property," Dodds said. That's after 30
years in the house and a succession of four mortgages, including the
modification.

Dodds was pleased that Countrywide allowed Taylor to stay in her house, he said,
but "they could have been a little nicer about it."

Inside


Countrywide sold to Bank of America. Stocks plunge on woes in financial sector.
C1.

Contact staff writer Harold Brubaker at 215-854-4651 or
hbrubaker@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL Edition

Letters: What Revenue Dept. is doing on unpaid taxes

SECTION: EDITORIAL OPINION; P-com Opinion; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 487 words


RE YOUR MAY 15 editorial, "New BRT-Related Tax Outrage: Unpaid Biz Taxes the
Latest Black Mark":

In it, you ask, "Is it too much to ask that city, state and quasi-governmental
agencies require from their contractors proof that

they've paid their business taxes?"

The simple answer to that question is "obviously not." Contractors should be
required to pay all of their taxes before they do business with the city and
other agencies, and we are taking steps to make sure that happens.

As a result of the economic decline, delinquent taxes are on a rise both
nationally and regionally. The city of Philadelphia is no different and has seen
recent slowing in overall tax collections. We have begun to implement aggressive
delinquent collection strategies to enhance revenue collections.

Many collection strategies are underway, including a vendor-compliance
initiative that addresses the question raised in the editorial.

We are aggressively discovering businesses that are active in Philadelphia but
not filing and paying taxes.

This year, we have added a new mechanism, a review of vendors for the
Philadelphia Parking Authority. We will work with the authority to require such
compliance by contract in the future so that tax-delinquent vendors will have
their payments interrupted similarly to delinquent city vendors.

We will also expand our compliance review to vendors of quasi-municipal
organizations and other government entities. Soon, all contractors will be
required to complete a tax status application and obtain clearance prior to
doing business with the city.

In addition to the vendor compliance initiative, I would like to highlight some
of the other enforcement tools we've put in place to expand our delinquent
collections.

On May 11, we launched the Tax Fraud Hotline, which gives law-abiding taxpayers
a tool to report suspected tax fraud. Tax fraud can be reported by calling the
hotline at 215-686-3852 or sending an e-mail to taxfraud@phila.gov.

We also continue to publicize the names of delinquent taxpayers and enhance our
audit and discovery functions.

As noted in your editorial, we have increased the number of sheriff's sales, an
effort that received considerable attention when the mayor became personally
involved with by getting into a discussion with a lawyer who owed the city over
$100,000 in taxes.

You also proposed that we require delinquent businesses to display a decal
indicating they owe taxes.

ILIKE YOUR idea - but there have been many recent initiatives that shine a
spotlight on delinquent individuals and businesses.

Perhaps we can modify your recommendation and issue decals to those who actually
pay their taxes. The decals would show that they are paying what they owe and
supporting their city government.

The city of Philadelphia continues to use and expand every tool legally
available to go after those who withhold tax revenue.

Keith J. Richardson, Commissioner

Department of Revenue


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 26, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Borrowers On Time in Pricey Markets

BYLINE: Kenneth R. Harney

SECTION: Real Estate; F01 , THE NATION'S HOUSING Kenneth R. Harney

LENGTH: 749 words


Although some economists are concerned about homeowners' rising debt burden
especially in high-cost, high-inflation markets, a new study suggests that those
worries may be misplaced. Homeowners in  "bubble markets" such as metropolitan
Washington, California, Nevada, New England and the mid-Atlantic region are more
likely to pay their mortgages on time than homeowners in parts of the country
with lower housing inflation rates.

In California, for example, where house prices have risen  at double-digit rates
each year for five years, just 2.04 percent of  borrowers were behind on their
payments in the final quarter of 2004, according to the latest loan delinquency
data compiled by the Mortgage Bankers Association. The national average during
the same period was 4.6 percent.

In Texas, by contrast, where prices and inflation rates have been much lower,
6.8 percent of homeowners were behind on their  payments. In Mississippi, 8.8
percent  were delinquent. In Louisiana, 7.2 percent.

In high-priced Massachusetts, where aggregate housing price inflation has led
the nation over a 20-year period, 3.2 percent of homeowners were delinquent. In
the District, where prices have been high for years and keep rising, 3.7 percent
of borrowers paid their mortgages late. Delinquency rates in high-cost New York,
New Jersey and Florida were below the national average, while rates in Georgia
(6.3 percent), Tennessee (6.4 percent) and West Virginia (6.6 percent) were
considerably higher.

The new national delinquency and foreclosure figures, which cover payment
performances on nearly 39 million outstanding mortgages, also documented wide
variances among credit categories of homeowners and the types of loans they
obtain. For example, if you are what the mortgage industry classifies as a
"prime" borrower  --  you have a solid credit history and you qualify for the
best rates available  --  you are far more likely to pay your loan on time than
borrowers ranked "sub-prime," or riskier, no matter where you live.

Nationwide at the end of last year, according to the mortgage bankers'
delinquency study, just 2.4 percent of all prime mortgage borrowers were behind
on their payments, compared with nearly 11 percent of sub-prime borrowers with
less favorable credit histories and scores. Sub-prime borrowers were 7.5 times
more likely to be 90 days delinquent than prime borrowers, and eight  times more
likely to be in foreclosure proceedings.

Homebuyers who take out loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration  are
the most likely to let their payments slip. Nearly 13.2 percent of all FHA
borrowers were delinquent at the end of 2004, according to the study, and 3.1
percent were three months or more behind. That's not surprising, however,
because the FHA program specifically seeks to assist first-time buyers with
moderate incomes. The FHA program is also lenient on credit history problems,
offers minimal down payments and relaxed standards on household debt-to-income
ratios.

Borrowers with adjustable-rate mortgages,  including interest-only and "option"
payment loans, were only slightly less likely to pay on time than borrowers with
fixed-rate mortgages. In California, where interest-only mortgages have been a
key factor in lowering monthly payments on high-cost houses, just 1.4 percent of
prime credit-quality borrowers were behind on their loans in the last quarter of
the year. Contrast that with low-cost, low-inflation Iowa, where more than 3
percent of prime ARM borrowers were delinquent, and Nebraska, where the
late-payment rate was 3.9 percent.

Worst in the country on prime adjustable-rate on-time payments was Mississippi,
where more than 8.5 percent of all homeowners with adjustables were delinquent.
Worst for sub-prime ARMs: West Virginia, where more than 21 percent of
homeowners with such loans were behind.

Apart from the regional and loan credit category results, the latest homeowner
delinquency study contains an important national finding: Despite rising home
mortgage debt levels around the country, on-time payment performance overall in
2004 was better than in the three preceding years. Households may be saddled
with big mortgages in some of the biggest-ticket markets, but  they seem to be
handling that  burden.

As long as interest rates remain low and employment growth continues, that could
be an indicator that bursting bubbles are nowhere in sight.

Kenneth R. Harney's e-mail address is KenHarney@earthlink.net.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 6, 2012 Thursday

Garcia aghast by delinquent bills

BYLINE: Gayle Perez, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


Sept. 06--Former Colorado State University-Pueblo President Joe Garcia said he's
dumbfounded as to why the university under his tenure failed to detect the
problem with such a large number of students being delinquent on their bills.

"We had audited financial statements every year and that never came up," Garcia
said Wednesday. "I don't have an explanation about how something like that went
on undetected."

Now Colorado's lieutenant governor, Garcia was president at CSU-Pueblo from June
2006 through September 2010.

A May 2011 audit of the university's accounts receivables determined the
university had, for several years, failed to withdraw students who did not pay
their bills nor had it tried to collect on delinquent payments.

The issue recently came to light after it was announced that CSUPueblo's fall
enrollment had taken a significant dip.

One of the factors contributing to the decrease was the large number of students
who were dropped from classes, per university policy, for not making the first
installment of their tuition payment due Aug.

20.

University records dating back to 2000 showed there had been a significant
number of students who were delinquent on their payments but were not withdrawn.

Garcia said he has not seen the audit report but was unaware of any significant
problems with student bills.

"I was not aware that we had any problems that were different than any other
school with similar populations," he said. "It's not in the best interest for
any business to give services to anybody without them paying for services."

Julio Leon, who served as interim president from November 2010 to November 2011,
said he was aware of problems and had started to fix them while the audit was in
progress.

A few students were dropped last fall for nonpayment and a process for
reregistering dropped students was being implemented, Leon said.

"It's something that needed to be done," Leon said of dropping students.

"Sometimes you want to give students an opportunity. You hate to withdraw them
for financial difficulties but you can only go so far."

Garcia and Leon praised Di Mare for her work in remedying the situation.

"I'm sure Lesley is doing everything she can do to make sure the university is
financially sound. I have a lot of confidence in her abilities," Garcia said.

Leon said Di Mare is "doing the right thing."

"I think the school is on the right path. It's going to hurt a little bit but
when the new culture takes over it will get better."

gperez@chieftain.com

___ (c)2012 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120906-PB-Garcia-aghast-by-delinquent-bills-0906-20120906

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2012 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 22, 2011 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

In your community

BYLINE:

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 601 words


palm beach county

Last day to pay property taxes nears

May 31 is the last day to pay delinquent property taxes. After that, a first
lien is placed on a delinquent property and auctioned by the Palm Beach County
Tax Collector. By law, a property owner has two years to pay delinquent taxes,
but once the tax certificate is sold, interest and advertising fees are applied
to the amount owed so that amount increases by a minimum of 10 percent. Payments
must be made at a service center or by mail, postmarked no later than 5 p.m. May
31. No delinquent taxes can be paid online or with a credit card. The tax
collector will accept cash, money order, certified check, bank draft, U.S.
postal order, cashier's check or wire transfer.

--Bonnie Chynoweth

lake park

Three vie to replace deceased mayor

Three candidates filed to replace Mayor Desca DuBois, who died April 30 in her
hometown of Barnwell, S.C., where she was visiting family. The candidates are
James DuBois, her husband; Brenden Beard; and James Lloyd. The three-year
position pays $10,000 annually. The election is June 28 in the town of about
9,000 residents.

-- Bill DiPaolo

lake worth

City pool won't open this summer

The city pool will not open this summer as expected. The city originally had
planned to open the pool on Memorial Day and keep it open until construction
began on the casino and common areas at Lake Worth Beach. Public Services
Director Joseph Kroll said Friday that opening the pool for a week or two does
not make sense. The pool is part of the historic casino building that is
scheduled to undergo a $6 million renovation starting in June. The pool will be
closed until construction is completed next summer, Kroll said. Lake Worth
Beach, the William O. Lockhart Municipal Pier and Benny's on the Beach
restaurant, on the pier, will stay open during construction, as well as at least
40 percent of the beach parking spaces.

-- Willie Howard

martin county

Peck recommended as health boss

STUART -- The Martin County Health Department will have a new permanent director
Tuesday pending final approval from county commissioners. Karlette Peck, who
currently serves as deputy health officer for the St. Lucie County Health
Department, was recommended for the position by Florida's Department of Health.
Peck has had a 30-year career in public health in Florida. Peck would replace
Interim Director Robin Wright, who took over after the former director, Mark
Chittum, retired last year.

-- TCPalm.com

tequesta

Memorial Day service at Riverside Park

Riverside Memorial Park will hold its 63rd annual Memorial Day service at 11
a.m. May 30 at 19351 S.E. County Line Road, Tequesta, in partnership with The
Rood Williams American Legion Post 271. The event, which is open to the public,
also will serve as a fund-raiser to benefit Wounded Warriors Second Chance,
providing time away from the hospital to wounded soldiers and their families.
Call (561) 747-1100 for more information.

-- TCPalm.com

crime stoppers

Zakia Gammage, 20, is wanted for violating probation for robbery. She was born
June 8, 1990, and has black hair and brown eyes. She is 5 feet and 162 pounds.
Her last known address was on North Seacrest Boulevard in Boynton Beach.

Rose Collins, 29, is wanted for violating probation for possession of cocaine
and a controlled substance. She was born July 8, 1981, and has black hair and
brown eyes. She is 5 feet 1 inch and 125 pounds. Her last known address was on
Sleepy Willow Way in Delray Beach.

These suspects were wanted as of Thursday. Anyone with information on their
whereabouts is asked to call Crime Stoppers at (800) 458-TIPS (8477).

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Community briefs



CORRECTION:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                           September 9, 2002, Monday

Week in Review

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 942 words


Water department owed $59M in past-due bills

The Detroit Water and Sewerage Department has failed to collect $59.3 million in
delinquent water bills from Detroit homes and business, The Detroit News
reported. Thirty-seven percent of all water customers in Detroit, or about
110,000, have delinquent bills. Department officials say they plan to ask the
Detroit City Council to approve a contract with an undisclosed law firm to help
collect past-due water bills, the Detroit Free Press reported.

Detroit ordered to pay tribe's lawyer fees, costs

U.S. District Judge Robert Holmes Bell ruled that the city of Detroit must
reimburse the Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake Superior Chippewa Indians $545,000
in attorney fees and costs in the tribe's 5-year-old lawsuit against the city's
casino ordinance. The case is still on appeal.

Local Jacobson stores may have private sale

At least two of Jacobson's local department stores are likely to be sold through
private sales prior to a public auction on Sept. 18. Josh Joseph, vice president
of Hilco Real Estate Inc., said last week that preliminary agreements have been
reached to sell Jacobson's stores in Grosse Pointe and Rochester Hills through
private sales.

Joseph declined to identify the buyers, but said one is an investor and the
other is a retailer. A third store, in Naples, Fla., is also being purchased
through a private sale, Joseph said. The landlord is buying that property.

Even though the Grosse Pointe and Rochester Hills stores won't be part of a
public auction set for Sept. 18, other bidders could submit higher bids at a
hearing later this month.

MGM picks Perini, Brinker to build permanent casino

MGM Grand Detroit Casino L.L.C. selected Perini Building Co. and L.S. Brinker
Co. as 60-40 joint-venture general contractors to build MGM's permanent $500
million hotel-casino complex in Detroit. Perini is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Framingham, Mass.-based Perini Corp. Brinker is a minority-owned company based
in Detroit. Perini and Brinker were involved in the construction of the
temporary, $220 million MGM Grand Detroit Casino.

CMS credit rating falls

The credit-rating agency Fitch Ratings downgraded the debt of Dearborn-based CMS
Energy Corp. (NYSE: CMS) and utility subsidiary Consumers Energy Co., citing
concerns over cash constraints at each company. New York City-based Fitch
lowered CMS' senior unsecured debt to B+ from BB-. The senior secured debt of
Jackson-based Consumers dropped to BB+ from BBB, and its senior unsecured debt
fell to BB from BB+.

Also, CMS Generation Co. sold its 66 percent ownership in a power plant in
Thailand for $47 million. The stake was sold to Thailand's Advanced Power Supply
Public Co. Ltd.

Museum promenade named for Heinz Prechter

Henry Ford Museum & Greenfield Village dedicated its restored front promenade to
the late automotive entrepreneur Heinz Prechter. Prechter was a member of the
Dearborn museum's board and chairman of Southgate-based ASC Inc. He died July 6,
2001.

Tobacco initiative heads to Supreme Court

Opponents to a tobacco-spending ballot initiative today planned to head to the
Michigan Supreme Court, in the wake of a Michigan Court of Appeals ruling Friday
that gave the tobacco measure new life.

The appeals court ordered a state elections board to meet and certify the
November ballot measure by the end of the day Tuesday, reversing the Board of
State Canvassers' action. The proposed constitutional amendment, would require
the state to spend most of its tobacco-settlement dollars on health care and
smoking-prevention.

Briefly

* Childtime Learning Centers Inc. in Farmington Hills appointed Frank Jerneycic
as vice president and CFO.

* Oakland County Circuit Judge Gene Schnelz upheld the city of Clawson's
billboard ban, The Daily Tribune of Royal Oak reported. Billboard company Viacom
Outdoor Inc. had sought to overturn the ban.

* Lufthansa German Airlines moved from the Berry International Terminal to the
new McNamara terminal at Detroit Metropolitan Airport.

* The Fifth Estate, a Detroit-based anarchist newspaper, is moving its
operations to Pumpkin Hollow, Tenn., the Detroit Free Press reported.

* Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick created the East Riverfront Study Group to
develop a plan to revitalize the city's riverfront from Joe Louis Arena downtown
east to the Belle Isle bridge. The committee has 90 days to come up with the
plan.

* Comerica Bank's Business Activity Index gained 6 points in July to close at
118. A year earlier the index was 106.

* Clayton Johnson, the Detroit attorney who is leading a drive to recall Detroit
City Clerk Jackie Currie, filed a new recall petition with the Wayne County
clerk's office, The Detroit News reported. The Wayne County Election Commission
rejected an earlier recall petition, citing unclear language.

* The Wayne County Commission approved a restructured deal for the repayment of
$114 million in bonds for Detroit Metropolitan Airport, the Detroit Free Press
reported. Two German banks, Bayerische Landesbank and Landesbank
Hessen-Thuringen, will back the bonds.

Obituaries

* Detroit City Councilwoman Brenda Scott died Sept. 2 as a result of
complications from stomach-reduction surgery. Scott was 47. She had served on
the council since 1994. She was noted for her responses to neighborhood concerns
and for opposing the Dennis Archer administration on locating casinos to the
riverfront and on proposals to charge a fee for using Belle Isle Park.

* James Foley, president and chairman of Michigan Foundation Co. in Trenton,
died Sept. 3. The Grosse Ile resident was 86.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                   (DealBook)

                           September 2, 2014 Tuesday

Federal Program Helps Keep Some Delinquent Borrowers in Their Homes

BYLINE: MATTHEW GOLDSTEIN

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 535 words



HIGHLIGHT: A HUD program to sell its most delinquent mortgages to private
investors has resulted in about 2,000 borrowers being able to stay in their
homes, though an overwhelming majority have been foreclosed upon or have
forfeited any rights to the properties.


A four-year program by a federal housing agency to sell its most delinquent
mortgages to private investors is producing modest returns when it comes to
keeping those struggling borrowers in their homes.

To date, 2,049 mortgage sold to investors under the program have been reworked
to allow the borrowers -many of whom had not made a mortgage payment in three
years-to remain in their homes and start making payments again, according to a
report released Friday by the Department of Housing and Urban Development.

But the overwhelming majority of the 73,000 troubled mortgages sold to
investment firms, private equity shops and hedge funds have been either
foreclosed upon or the borrower was permitted to walk away from a home in
exchange of forfeiting any rights to the property. Roughly half of the loans
sold to investors remain delinquent and have yet to be reworked, sold or
foreclosed.

The report from HUD offers the first comprehensive look at the sale of
non-performing loans guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration. HUD began
the selling seriously delinquent mortgage to private investors at a discount in
an attempt to reduce the federal government's potential exposure. The
government's obligation to pay out on any claims arising from the loans ends
once they are sold to private buyers.

The report said that without the mortgage sales, almost all of the loans would
end up in foreclosure given how delinquent the borrowers were on making
payments. Federal officials have said private buyers have a better chance of
reworking the mortgages given the loans are bought at a significant discount.

"For the purchasers, the program is an opportunity to acquire assets at
competitive prices with the flexibility to service the assets while providing
borrowers an opportunity to avoid costly foreclosures," the report said.

From 2010 through 2013, private investors acquired loans with unpaid balances of
$12.6 billion. HUD has sold another 23,000 delinquent loans worth about $4
billion that were not included in the report because the sales took place in the
just the past few months.

Private investors have been buying these delinquent loans from HUD and packaging
the ones that can't be worked into unrated bondsthat are then sold to mutual
funds, insurance firms. The bonds typically are short-duration securities that
payout based on the value of the mortgages being liquidated in a foreclosure
proceedings.

The investors buying the non-performing loans are generally prohibited from
foreclosing on the mortgages until at least six months after purchasing them.

Some private buyers also are starting to pool reworked loans into securities,
while other buyers are more interested in foreclosing on the mortgages to
acquire the homes in order to operate them as rental properties.

The HUD report said the biggest buyers of the delinquent loans, many of which
were issued to borrowers in Florida, New Jersey and Illinois, are Lone Star
Funds, Bayview Asset Management, a firm backed by the Blackstone Group and
Oaktree Capital Management.

A significant number of delinquent loans purchased by the private buyers at the
HUD auctions were later resold to other firm, the report found.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 4, 2013 Monday
                                  WEB Edition

Nutter says Philly's getting tough on tax deadbeats

BYLINE: By Troy Graham; INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEB; P-com News City; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 683 words


Just two weeks before property owners learn the results of a reassessment that
will alter tax bills across Philadelphia, Mayor Nutter on Monday announced a new
effort to find tax deadbeats and "encourage" them to pay up.

Nutter said the city would spend $40 million over the next five years to
overhaul the Department of Revenue's software - which dates to 1993 - hire 55
new employees, and start a call center to chase down tax delinquents.

The city also will employ outside collection agencies and get cases to them
quicker than in the past.

"We will do whatever is necessary to provide further inspiration for those who
think they can get away with not paying their taxes," Nutter said. "Those days
are clearly coming to an end."

Tax delinquents - and the perception that the city has not done enough to chase
them - have been cited frequently in the discussions surrounding Nutter's
property tax reform, the Actual Value Initiative (AVI).

The argument has been that the city should collect from delinquents before
implementing a system that is going to cause some homeowners' bills to
skyrocket.

But Nutter said unveiling his get-tough effort was not timed to coincide with
the releasing of the reassessment data, which could be mailed to property owners
by the end of next week.

"This message is timed to say, 'Pay your taxes, whenever they are due,' " Nutter
said. "It's also putting people on notice that we'll be much more aggressive in
coming after you."

Nutter said the city was owed $518 million in back taxes, interest, and
penalties at the end of the last fiscal year - $248 million from property taxes
over the last decade.

The city has been collecting about 91 percent of the taxes owed in recent years,
said Revenue Commissioner Keith Richardson.

But the city has had a spotty history of collecting taxes, even from its own
employees. Nutter has launched a number of efforts since 2008, including one
that forced tax-delinquent city workers into payment plans.

An Inquirer/PlanPhilly series of articles since 2011 has documented how
Philadelphia has the least-effective delinquent-property-tax collection system
of the nation's biggest cities, and the pile of delinquent property taxes has
continued to grow on Nutter's watch.

Nutter, who said the goal was to collect "everything," said the new strategy
could bring in about $260 million over the next five years.

With AVI looming, both City Council and the Philadelphia delegation in
Harrisburg have introduced legislation to give the city more tools to pursue
delinquent property owners, especially speculators who own multiple properties.

The delegation's bill, for example, would give the city permission to place
liens on any property in the state owned by someone not paying their property
taxes in Philadelphia.

Using city data, staff for Council President Darrell L. Clarke concluded that
100,000 parcels are tax-delinquent and 35,000 of them have owners with multiple
delinquent properties.

Going after back taxes is one way politicians hope to soften AVI's impact on
homeowners, clustered in fast-growing areas of the city, who are facing enormous
increases.

Politicians fear taxes under AVI could force out some older residents and stunt
the real estate market in neighborhoods such as Northern Liberties.

In about two weeks, most owners should get a letter informing them what the city
thinks their properties are worth.

The tax rate would be set during the budget process this spring. The
administration maintains that the rate would have to be between 1.3 and 1.4
percent to collect the same amount of revenue as last year, meaning $1,300 to
$1,400 per $100,000 of a home's value.

The resulting bills would be due in 2014.

Contact Troy Graham at 215-854-2730 or tgraham@phillynews.com, or follow on
Twitter @troyjgraham.


Mapping out plans for a greener Parkway

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/breaking/20130204_Mapping_out_plans_for_a_gree
ner_Parkway.html

Nutter seeks the court's help in corraling labor costs

http://www.philly.com/philly/hp/news_update/20130203_Nutter_seeks_the_court_s_he
lp_in_corraling_labor_costs.html

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             August 21, 2011 Sunday
                                JERSEY-C Edition

Phila. aims to boost volume of sheriff sales;
The goal is to auction off 600 tax-delinquent properties every month so people
"recognize we're really serious."

BYLINE: By Bob Warner; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 738 words


After promising tougher enforcement for more than a year, the Nutter
administration is planning a stiff run-up in the number of tax-delinquent
properties to be auctioned off at city sheriff sales.

City Finance Director Rob Dubow and Revenue Commissioner Keith Richardson said
last week that they expect to offer 200 tax-delinquent properties at a sheriff's
sale next month, and raise the number to 600 a month by January 2012.

By comparison, over 11 years from 2000 through 2010, the city tried to sell just
100 tax-delinquent properties a month, and barely half those sales went through,
according to figures provided by the Sheriff's Department last year.

"We're not trying to move people out of their homes," Richardson said in an
interview. "We're just trying to get them to take seriously their responsibility
to the city and School District. . . . When people start to recognize we're
really serious, we'll get more people coming to us to work out payment
agreements."

The two men spoke in response to The Inquirer's report last week that described
Philadelphia's property-tax collection system as the least effective among the
nation's big cities.

More than 110,000 Philadelphia properties, nearly one in five, are delinquent,
their owners at least nine months overdue in paying their real estate tax bills.

The problem costs the city and School District millions of dollars in revenue -
$232 million in unpaid taxes, penalties, and interest over the last 10 years,
according to a Revenue Department report - and plays a major role in creating
and sustaining urban blight.

A national authority on property-tax collection systems, law professor Frank S.
Alexander of Emory University in Atlanta, described the city's delinquency
levels as "astronomical."

"Those numbers tell you there is a very high rate of nonenforcement," Alexander
said. "It means that the city has made a decision not to go after those
properties."

In an article in this issue of The Inquirer, Dubow and Richardson say the Nutter
administration views Philadelphia's legacy of tax delinquency and vacant
property as "one of the biggest challenges facing the city."

They say the city has already taken steps to strengthen tax collections and is
developing new policies to deal with vacant land, an effort involving multiple
city agencies, community-development corporations, private developers and City
Council.

In recent years, the bulk of real estate in sheriff sales has been foreclosed on
by lenders after owners failed to pay mortgages. The number of properties forced
into sheriff sales by the city because of unpaid real estate taxes has been
relatively small - although the totals are suspect because of record-keeping
problems at the Sheriff's Department, now under review by a variety of auditors,
law firms, and law enforcement agents.

Records provided last year by aides to John Green, the former sheriff, put the
number of tax-related sheriff sales at 128 properties in all of 2010, the lowest
figure in the last 11 years.

A Revenue Department database shows 224 tax-related sales in 2010, down from 257
in 2008 and 328 in 2009, Richardson said.

Those annual figures could be matched in a single month if the city follows
through with the expansion it promises.

Dubow said the small number of sheriff sales last year was attributable to two
factors: the tax amnesty program that represented the city's major revenue
thrust the first half of 2010, and the bookkeeping problems that consumed the
Sheriff's Department toward the end of the year, prompting a scathing audit by
City Controller Alan Butkovitz and a five-month suspension of sheriff sales
beginning in December.

The amnesty allowed delinquent taxpayers to settle balances for the original
taxes due, no penalties, and just half the calculated interest payments. The
program raised $73 million, about $24 million of that being delinquent property
taxes, according to the city.

As the amnesty program was ending in June 2010, the city promised tougher
collection efforts against delinquents who failed to take advantage of the
amnesty.

The threats included tripling the number of properties put up for sheriff sale
for unpaid taxes, from 200 a month to 600.

But data suggest the city didn't even get the monthly volume up to 200.

Contact staff writer Bob Warner

at 215-854-5885 or warnerb@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; EAST/CITY/STATE/WEST; Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 1587 words


EAST

State senator's son found delinquent

The son of state Sen. Bob Regola has been found delinquent by a judge in
Westmoreland County, KDKA-TV reported.

Citing anonymous sources, the station reported yesterday that Bobby Regola IV
was found delinquent in juvenile court. State police charged the youth with
illegal possession of a firearm following a coroner's inquest into the death of
a 14-year-old neighbor, Louis Farrell.

Louis Farrell was found dead with a gun that belonged to the senator near his
body. His death was ruled a suicide. He lived next door to the Regolas.

Mr. Regola, R-Hempfield, is awaiting trial on charges that he lied under oath at
a coroner's inquest into the death of Louis Farrell.

Indiana County thieves snatch $45,000 in jewels

Investigators were searching for smash-and-grab thieves who stole more than
$45,000 in diamonds from a mall in White Township, Indiana County.

Two men used a masonry hammer to smash the display case window at Lorelli's
Jewelry at Indiana Mall, state police in Indiana said.

The men took 18 rings, valued at $45,580, from the display and fled the store
with employees in pursuit.

The thieves were seen getting into a waiting car. The vehicle had been reported
stolen from a parking lot near the campus of Indiana University of Pennsylvania.
The owner of the car did not know of the auto theft until contacted by state
police.

State police asked anyone with knowledge about the theft or the suspects to call
the Indiana barracks at 724-357-1960.

Edgewood police chief to retire

Paul Wood, police chief in Edgewood for the last five years and a former chief
in Wilkinsburg, said yesterday that he's retiring.

Chief Wood, 65, said he and his wife will move to their lakefront home in South
Carolina. "It's time," he said. "I've been doing this for 45 years."

The chief told his 12 officers yesterday that he was leaving and mailed a
resignation letter to borough council.

He had been chief since 2002 after returning to Pennsylvania from Minnesota,
where he was the chief of police in Roseville, a Minneapolis suburb.

A native of Hagerstown, Md., he worked as a police officer there for more than
30 years, including eight as the chief. He then became chief in Wilkinsburg from
1993 to 1996 before moving to Minnesota.

The Wilkinsburg department earned national honors under his leadership.

Motorcycle crash kills IUP student

A college student died in surgery Tuesday night after a crash between his
motorcycle and a pickup truck in Homer City, Indiana County, police said.

Mark Dushok, 21, of Luzerne County, died at 11:23 p.m. during emergency surgery
at Conemaugh Memorial Medical Center, Homer City Police Chief Lou Sacco said.

Mr. Dushok, a student at Indiana University of Pennsylvania, was riding his
motorcycle north on Route 119 in Homer City when a southbound pickup truck made
a left turn at Route 56 into the bike's path, Chief Sacco said.

The truck driver, William Stiles, 74, of Blairsville, was not injured.

Second man arrested in Wilkinsburg shooting

A second suspect has been apprehended in the Oct. 6 robbery of a man who shot
and wounded two of the suspects.

Tyree Allen, 23, of White Oak, was to be arraigned today on charges of robbery,
reckless endangerment, conspiracy and a weapons violation.

Mr. Allen, police said, was one of three people who tried to rob a Wilkinsburg
man at gunpoint when he tried to make an illegal drug buy.

When the suspected drug dealer grabbed the man from behind and put a pistol to
his head, the victim fought to get free, falling backward out of his car onto
the ground.

The victim and the suspected dealer then began firing their weapons, police
said.

Mr. Allen and a woman whom police say helped him in the robbery fled, although
the woman, Lolitta Irvin, 20, also was wounded.

The third suspect, identified by police as Lamont Frazier, 20, of Garfield, also
was wounded in the fracas. However, before he had been identified as a suspect,
he was treated at a hospital and disappeared.

Mr. Frazier still was being sought, police said.

A preliminary hearing for Ms. Irvin is scheduled Nov. 1 before District Judge
Kim Hoots in Wilkinsburg.

Missing Indiana County woman found dead

An Indiana County woman missing since Friday was found dead in Westmoreland
County yesterday.

Authorities discovered the body of Christina Michelle Sandolfini, 32, of
Saltsburg, in a wooded area of Derry about a half-mile south of Bush Road near
Route 981 at around 3:30 p.m.

Ms. Sandolfini was last seen at about 8:50 a.m. Friday near the Mannito Golf
Course in Derry, not far from where her body was discovered.

At around 3:30 a.m., she was seen leaving Westmoreland Hospital in Greensburg
after visiting her husband, who was a patient there. State police were
continuing to investigate her death.

CITY

Accused child predator arrested after trick-or-treat

County sheriff's deputies arrested an accused child predator last night while he
was trick-or-treating with his children.

Vernon Duncan, 31, of Mount Oliver, was wanted since September for involuntary
deviate sexual intercourse and other charges of sexually assaulting a child,
police said.

The sheriff's office learned from Mr. Duncan's neighbors in the 100 block of
Penn Avenue in Mount Oliver that he entered a vehicle last night with four
children and his girlfriend.

Deputies located Mr. Duncan at a fast food restaurant on the 1800 block of East
Carson Street in the South Side, arresting him without incident. He was held in
Allegheny County Jail awaiting arraignment last night.

Volunteers sought for Beechview cleanup

Allegheny CleanWays needs volunteers Saturday from 9 a.m. to noon to help clear
debris -- including more than 100 tires -- from the western portion of the
Beechview-Seldom Seen Greenway near Route 51.

The event is being staged at the parking lot of Vanucci Park off Orangewood
Avenue in Beechview.

The greenway of 90 acres of wooded hillside and valleys was established on
public land in July 1985.

Allegheny CleanWays will provide gloves and other equipment, refreshments and
lunch. Contact Mary Wilson or Myrna Newman at 412-381-1301 to volunteer.

Monongahela Incline to close Sunday for work

The Monongahela Incline will close for routine maintenance from 8:45 a.m. until
5 p.m. Sunday.

Port Authority will operate shuttle bus service between the upper and lower
stations of the incline during the closure. The Mon Incline will resume service
at 5 p.m. and operate until its midnight closure.

Downtown Farmers Market open till next week

The Downtown Farmers Market will remain open today and next Thursday because of
the warm weather. The market is open from 10:30 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Consultant begins study of city neighborhoods

A Philadelphia-based consultant started a study of city of Pittsburgh
neighborhoods yesterday, with the goal of providing detailed data and guidance
on development investment.

Mayor Luke Ravenstahl introduced The Reinvestment Fund at a news conference that
announced the start of the $35,000 study funded by the Urban Redevelopment
Authority and the Surdna Foundation.

"We have to ensure that we are investing our limited resources wisely," said Mr.
Ravenstahl. TRF's data will allow the city to rebuild "using hard data, instead
of politics" to steer limited funds.

Ira Goldstein of TRF said his organization will drive through every
neighborhood, talk with community advocates and comb data on housing, vacancies,
abandonment, foreclosures and more.

The work is expected to be complete in January.

STATE

House OKs statewide effort to curb greenhouse gases

The state House yesterday approved a Pennsylvania Greenhouse Gas Reduction Act
that would require an inventory of heat trapping emissions and development of a
statewide tracking and reduction plan.

Citizens for Pennsylvania's Future, a statewide environmental group, said in a
press release that the legislation is "the coolest thing the House of
Representatives has ever done."

House Bill 110, sponsored by Rep. Greg Vitali, D-Delaware, passed on a vote of
182-15. Bipartisan support was created through an amendment by Rep. Dave Reed,
R-Indiana, that clarified the goals of the legislation and guaranteed a diverse
group to advise the state Department of Environmental Protection on
implementation.

The Senate version of the legislation, Senate Bill 266, the Pennsylvania Global
Warming Act, has been amended and approved by the Environmental Resources and
Energy Committee. No vote of the full Senate has been scheduled.

Pennsylvania emits 1 percent of the world's greenhouse gases -- more than 105
developing countries combined. Twenty-eight states have already passed climate
action plan legislation.

"Cutting our global warming pollution by conserving energy, using more wind and
solar energy and pioneering new energy technologies presents a tremendous
economic opportunity," said John Hanger, PennFuture's president and chief
executive officer.

WEST

Testimony to conclude in federal death penalty case

Testimony was expected to conclude today in the penalty phase of the federal
case against Jelani Solomon.

He was convicted last week of ordering the shooting death of Frank Helisek Jr.,
53, of New Brighton in January 2004.

The jury must decide if Mr. Solomon, 28, of Beaver Falls, should be executed,
spend the rest of his life in prison, or some other amount of time.

Mr. Solomon paid Claron Hanner in cocaine and cash to shoot Mr. Helisek to
protect his drug enterprise and retaliate against Mr. Helisek's son, Shawn.

Shawn Helisek was cooperating with the state attorney general's office in a drug
investigation of Mr. Solomon.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

Law changes period to pay delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Stephen J. Lee, Grand Forks Herald, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


Aug. 1--Beginning this year, property owners in North Dakota will have only
three years instead of five years to pay delinquent property taxes before the
county can take over the property.

This means, come 2010, some property owners may have taxes five years and three
years delinquent at once -- the taxes for 2005 and, under the new law, for 2007
-- meaning they would have to pay two years' worth of taxes and penalty and
interest to keep the county from taking ownership of the property, not just one
year.

This past spring, along with that change, the Legislature gave counties a way to
help taxpayers avoid that possible double whammy by allowing a two-month grace
period. So, beginning today and running until Oct. 1, Grand Forks County will
waive all penalty and interest costs on delinquent property taxes paid in full.

All counties are not giving taxpayers that window of opportunity, said Debbie
Nelson, auditor and director of finance and taxes for Grand Forks County.

But Grand Forks County Commissioners decided to do it, and Nelson said some
people already have sent in checks.

Penalty and interest costs, on average, tend to total about 12 percent of the
actual tax bill, so there are real savings, Nelson said.

For example, there are $5.17 million in delinquent property taxes in the county,
she said. The interest and penalties on top of that total add up to $643,925,
Nelson said. If every one of those property owners took advantage of this grace
period, they could save a collective $643,925.

So, her advice is: If you owe property taxes, now is a good time to pay them and
get a pass on paying the penalties and interest.

That could include taxes due for the year 2002 through the first half of 2006,
she said.

Nelson said county auditors pushed for the legislation, which the Legislature
passed overwhelmingly. The idea is that decreasing the time allowed to pay
delinquent taxes before the county takes over ownership of the property will
help keep the tax bills from mounting to a point where property owners can't pay
them off, Nelson said.

Nelson recently published a list of about 70 property owners in the county
delinquent on five years of taxes: unless the first year is paid soon, the
property will become the county's and sold. The taxes due range from about $50
to nearly $7,000.

She sent out notices of the two-month grace period to about 1,700 of the
county's 30,000 property owners; they are the ones with some delinquent taxes.

To see more of the Grand Forks Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.grandforks.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Grand Forks Herald, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070801-GF-Law-changes-period-to-pay-delinquent-taxes-0801

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2007 Grand Forks Herald


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             March 30, 2009 Monday

Ohio Port Authorities' Bond Funds Face Delinquent Borrowers

BYLINE: Caitlin Devitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28 Vol. 367 No. 33095

LENGTH: 656  words


CHICAGO - At least three of Ohio's six port authority bond fund programs are
grappling with delinquent borrowers who are struggling to repay loans from the
funds in the declining economy.

The possibility of increasing loan defaults prompted Fitch Ratings to place all
six bond funds on rating watch late last year. On Friday, Fitch cut its rating
two notches to BBB-minus, the lowest investment grade credit, from BBB-plus on
the Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority's Northwest Ohio Bond Fund, noting that
two of its borrowers are delinquent and that the weak economy could imperil
other borrowers.

The downgrade comes two weeks after Fitch cut its implied revenue bond rating to
BBB-minus from BBB on the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority. Its actual
bond fund remains on credit watch negative. The downgrade was largely due to the
authority's internal finances, but analysts noted that the bond fund program is
dealing with one delinquent borrower as well as declining revenues.

In its downgrade on the Toledo-Lucas County authority's bond fund program last
week, Fitch said it was concerned about the economy's impact on the borrowers'
ability to make timely repayments to the fund. Of the program's 23 borrowers,
two are currently delinquent. The fund has a total of $87.5 million in
outstanding bonds.

Paul Toth, interim president of the Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority, said he
was confident the fund's late borrowers would make full payments by May 15, when
the debt service payment is due. "None of our borrowers have ever missed a bond
payment even if they have missed monthly payments," he said.

The delinquent borrowers - both trucking businesses - suffered "temporary
cash-flow problems" and have promised to make full payments in the coming weeks,
Toth said. "We don't believe the bond fund merited the downgrade, but of course
we're biased, as in 20 years of history we've always stepped in and dealt with
any late payments."

If the borrowers were unable to make a debt service payment, the authority would
dip into its reserves, which total $28.1 million, or 32% of the bonds
outstanding, Toth said. "The bondholder wouldn't even know if these guys missed
a [bond] payment because it would be cured."

Fitch is expected to soon release rating updates on the Cleveland-Cuyahoga
County and Summit County port authorities' bond fund programs. Both the BBB-plus
rated programs, which are on rating watch negative, are also dealing with
delinquent borrowers.

Officials at the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County authority are optimistic that payment
problems with its borrower, Universal Heat Treating Inc., will be short term and
that its May 15 debt service payment will be met. "There's a system of reserves
in the program, or the port's auxiliary reserves, or the borrower could make
good on past due payments," said the authority's chief financial officer Brent
Leslie.

Another possible headache is a borrower that recently landed in receivership
after missing payments on an $81 million commercial mortgage loan.

A federally appointed receiver took over City View Center LLC in late February
and is currently deciding whether to sell the property, a retail mall.

The Cleveland-Cuyahoga County and Summit County port authorities in 2004 issued
a total of nearly $12 million of bonds to finance the project. The bonds are
backed by property taxes generated from the center, which is located in a tax
increment financing district.

The commercial loan trustee, the Bank of New York Mellon, made a recent $1.3
million property tax payment, and the payments are currently up to date, Leslie
said. "We're pretty confident that the debt service through May 2011 is taken
care of, and we're still assessing the situation."

The BBB-plus ratings of three additional bond fund programs - the
Dayton-Montgomery County Port Authority, the Lorain County Port Authority, and
the Columbus-Franklin County Finance Authority - are on rating watch evolving.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 1, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Heart, sweat rates may be tip to delinquency

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 193 words


A sluggish nervous system may be at the root of thuggish behavior, suggests new
research out today.

Heart rates and sweat rates, markers for arousal levels of the autonomic nervous
system, are slower in juvenile delinquents who turn to crime as adults than in
normal adolescents and delinquents who straighten up, says UCLA psychologist
Adrian Raine.

"Burglarizing a house, beating up other people or stealing things may be like a
shot of adrenaline, a way to get their arousal levels up to normal," he says.

Raine tested 51 English boys, all of whom were 15 in 1978. Two-thirds of the
boys were juvenile delinquents.

Raine checked for criminal records by age 29 and whether there was an
association with the original test. He found:

Heart rate of delinquents who became adult criminals was an average nine beats
per minute slower than delinquents and non-delinquents with no crimes as adults.

Sweat rates were three times slower among criminals than non-criminals.

Raine says testing of children may predict who is at risk for criminal behavior.
Giving biofeedback to increase arousal levels may divert a child from
delinquency and crime.

LOAD-DATE: November 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 27, 1989

New England Real Estate Market Drop Batters Thrifts' Balance Sheets

BYLINE: By JEFFREY N. TUCHMAN, NTMN Correspondent

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 915 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


New England's real estate market, which in the last 12 months has battered the
balance sheets of the region's financial institutions, has worsened to such an
extent that capital levels in the first Federal Home Loan Bank district are
expected to decline significantly in the second half.

This comes at a time when more onerous capital regulations leave the district's
members $ 310 million below Federal requirements.

Analysts say capital as a percentage of assets, which at mid- year stood at 5.4%
for district members, will drop in the third and fourth quarters.

"If New England thrifts were forced to mark non-performing assets to market
(liquidation value), writeoffs could reach 40-50%," Gerard S. Cassidy, first
vice president, Tucker Anthony, Portland, Maine, said.

"As it is, regulators will force thrifts to raise reserves to the 30%-35% level,
which could mean a reduction in capital over time of up to 20%."

A 20% reduction in capital would plunge district levels to 4.32% of assets.

Henry S. Peltz, vice president, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, said regulators from
the Office of Thrift Suypervision, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., and the
state banking commissioners offices "are vying with one another to be tougher
than the other.  The outlook is somber at best."

Writedowns for non-performing assets already have had a severe impact on
earnings, Mr. Peltz said.

"Up to now, it's mostly been an income hit," he pointed out.

"Then the regulators come in, force the institutions to increase their loan loss
provisions, and then it's a capital hit."

Figures on delinquent assets and capital reserves compiled by W.C. Ferguson &
Co., Irving, Texas, show a 149% increase in loans 60-days past due during the
first two quarters at 96 thrift institutions in the first Federal Home Loan Bank
District.

Delinquent loans increased from $ 722 million in the first quarter to $ 1.8
billion in the second quarter.

Non-performing loans at 357 savings banks insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp. increased 46% in the second quarter to $ 1.9 billion.

Loans 60-days past due at the 96 district thrifts increased from 1% of assets in
the first quarter to 2.6% of assets in the second.

Thirteen institutions in the first quarter had more delinquent loans than GAAP
capital, while 17 thrifts had more 60-day delinquencies than capital in the
second quarter.

The 357 FDIC-insured institutions, which have a GAAP capital ratio of more than
9% of assets, have reserves equal to 36% of non-accruals.

While increases in non-performing loans will require significant increases in
reserves, capital levels are not immediately threatened.

This is not the case among the 96 FHLB member loans, whose GAAP capital is 5.4%
of assets.

Loan loss reserves at these institutions is believed to be below 30%.

Analysts expect a 25%-50% increase in delinquent loans in both the third and
fourth quarters.  This would bring delinquent loans from $ 1.8 billion at
mid-year to about $ 3.3 billion by year-end.

Roughly 80% of the district's delinquent loans will become non-performing, which
will cause regulators to force institutions to increase writedowns and reserves
significantly.

Reserves likely will come out of capital, since the district's earnings have
been meager this year.

Return on assets were a scant 0.03% in the June 30 quarter.

Capital, measured by generally accepted accounting principles, has held steady
in the first half at the $ 3.7 billion level, or 5.4% of assets.

Complicating the deteriorating situation are the risk-based capital regulations,
under which thrifts must hold risk-adjusted capital of 6.4% of assets by Dec. 7.

New England thrifts altered their balance sheets in 1987, moving from home
mortgage lending, which requires the least amount of risk-adjusted capital, to
commercial real estate, construction, and commercial loans, which require the
most.

Commercial real estate, condos and construction projects in foreclosure have
been difficult to move in the last year, as buyers have retreated in the face of
a deepening New England recession.

Commercial banks have been writing down 20-25% of their non-performing assets,
and thrifts likely will do the same after a wave of examinations in the next two
months.

But even single-family homes in foreclosure, which once could be sold for full
value "on the courthouse steps," now get only 65-75 cents on the dollar,
according to James Moynihan, senior vice president, Advest Inc., Boston.

"The buyers are just not there," he said.  Mr. Cassidy of Tucker Anthony said
that while empirical evidence shows only a 1-3% decline in New England's home
prices, "anecdotal evidence shows prices down 10-30%."
1st FHLB District Thrifts

                      1st Qtr      2nd Qtr
                        1989         1989
Assets               $ 69.3 Bil.  $ 68.8 Bil.

Delinquent Loans      $ 722 Mil.   $ 1.8 Bil.

Delinquent Loans
as % of Assets                1%         2.6%
GAAP Capital          $ 3.7 Bil.   $ 3.7 Bil.
GAAP Capital
as % of Assets              5.3%         5.4%

Delinquent Loans
as % of Capital              20%          49%

(96 Institutions)
Source: Ferguson & Co.
1st Federal Reserve District Thrifts

                         1st Qtr     2nd Qtr
                          1989        1989
Assets                  $ 109 Bil.  $ 111 Bil.

Non-Performing Loans    $ 1.3 Bil.  $ 1.9 Bil.

Non-Performing Loans
as % of Assets                1.2%        1.7%
GAAP Capital             $ 10 Bil.   $ 10 Bil.
GAAP Capital
as % of Assets               9.17%       9.01%

Non-Performing Loans
as % of Capital                13%         17%

(357 Institutions)
Source: Ferguson & Co.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Local businesses on delinquent taxpayer list

BYLINE: Mark Kellam, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words


Dec. 12--TWO BURBANK BUSINESSES -- an investment firm and a tire company -- have
been added to the state's list of delinquent taxpayers, which also includes
several Glendale enterprises that have remained there for several years.

The California State Board of Equalization's report for the fourth quarter of
2011 lists the Winston Tire Co. and Investment on Financial Capital Inc. in
Burbank as owing $1.69 million and $1.71 million, respectively.

The board releases a quarterly list of the top 250 delinquent businesses that
owe more than $100,000 in taxes to the state.

The Burbank firms were two of 16 businesses added to the latest list, which
totals $419.5 million in tax liens -- this at a time when lower-than-expected
mid-year budget figures have triggered another round of budget cutting in
Sacramento.

The Alameda Avenue address listed for Winston Tire now houses Fotokem, a film
post-production company that has been at the site for about seven years,
according to employee Ann Nakamoto.

The address on Flower Street where Investment on Financial Capital reportedly
was located was locked late Monday afternoon. There was no sign on the door
indicating a business name.

A woman who answered the phone at a number listed for the firm on Tuesday said
she didn't know anything about back taxes, but when asked to speak with a
supervisor, she hung up the phone.

USN Television Group in Glendale was added to the state list last March for
owing about $730,000. Its address on Colorado Street is now home to Arecont
Vision, manufacturer of surveillance cameras and software.

Four other alleged scofflaws have been on the delinquent taxpayer list for
several years, including Vegas Truck Stop, Continental Homecare Inc., which
filed for bankruptcy in 2008, and Ara Lousinian -- all in Glendale -- and
Aslanyan and Kocoglu Inc. in Burbank.

Board of Equalization spokeswoman Cristina Herrera said her agency doesn't have
a timeline to gauge when more aggressive collection measures, such as seizing
assets, should be taken, but the debtors are tracked.

"Everyone leaves a trace [electronically]," she said.

Each delinquent taxpayer is reviewed on a case-by-case basis, she added.

Taxpayers can have their names removed from the list if they pay their bills,
agree to a payment plan or have their tax lien lifted through bankruptcy.

The quarterly list of delinquent businesses will grow to the top 500 in January,
in accordance with recent state legislation, Herrera said.

___ (c)2011 the Glendale News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Glendale
News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) at www.glendalenewspress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111212-1GL-Local-businesses-on-delinquent-taxpayer-list-1212-20111212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2011 Glendale News-Press


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

California: A.P.N.: 434-292-63 Trustee Sale No.: 2016-1234 Title Order

LENGTH: 900 words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The State of Maryland has issued the following news release:



   A.P.N.: 434-292-63 Trustee Sale No.: 2016-1234 Title Order No: 160021430
Reference No: PA-WES 0973-03 NOTICE OF TRUSTEE'S SALE UNDER A NOTICE OF A NOTICE
OF DELINQUENT ASSESSMENT AND CLAIM OF LIEN. YOU ARE IN DEFAULT UNDER A NOTICE OF
DELINQUENT ASSESSMENT DATED 04/16/2015. UNLESS YOU TAKE ACTION TO PROTECT YOUR
PROPERTY, IT MAY BE SOLD AT A PUBLIC SALE.

IF YOU NEED AN EXPLANATION OF THE NATURE OF THE PROCEEDING AGAINST YOU, YOU
SHOULD CONTACT A LAWYER. Notice is hereby given that on 11/10/2016 at 3:00 PM,
S.B.S. Lien Services, As the duly appointed Trustee under and pursuant to Notice
of Delinquent Assessment, recorded on 04/22/2015, as Document No. 2015000206002,
Book , Page , of Official Records in the Office of the Recorder of ORANGE
County, California, The original owner: RAY Y DIAB The purported new owner: RAY
Y DIAB, WILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER FOR CASH, (payable at
time of sale in lawful money of the United States, by cash, a cashier's check
drawn by a State or national bank, a check drawn by a state or federal credit
union, or a check drawn by state or federal savings and loan association,
savings association, or a savings bank specified in section 5102 of the
Financial Code and authorized to do business in this state.): ON THE FRONT STEPS
TO THE ENTRANCE OF THE ORANGE CIVIC CENTER, 300 E. CHAPMAN AVE., ORANGE, CA All
right, title and interest under said Notice of Delinquent Assessment in the
property situated in said County, as more fully described on the above
referenced assessment lien. The street address and other common designation, if
any of the real property described above is purported to be: 1 PETRIA, IRVINE,
CA 92606. The undersigned Trustee disclaims any liability for any incorrectness
of the street address and other common designation, if any, shown herein. Said
sale will be made, but without covenant or warranty, express or implied,
regarding title, possession, or encumbrances, to pay the remaining principal sum
due under said Notice of Delinquent Assessment, with interest thereon, as
provided in said notice, advances, if any, estimated fees, charges, and expenses
of the Trustee, to wit: $5,408.93 accrued interest and additional advances, if
any, will increase this figure prior to sale. The claimant: PASEO WESTPARK
MAINTENANCE ASSOCIATION under said Notice of Delinquent Assessment heretofore
executed and delivered to the undersigned a written Declaration of Default and
Demand for Sale, and a written Notice of Default and Election to Sell. The
undersigned caused said Notice of Default and Election to Sell to be recorded in
the county where the real property is located and more than three months have
elapsed since such recordation. NOTICE TO POTENTIAL BIDDERS: If you are
considering bidding on this property lien, you should understand that there are
risks involved in bidding at a trustee auction. You will be bidding on a lien,
not on the property itself. Placing the highest bid at a trustee auction does
not automatically entitle you to free and clear ownership of the property. You
should also be aware that the lien being auctioned off may be a junior lien. If
you are the highest bidder at the auction, you are or may be responsible for
paying off all liens senior to the lien being auctioned off, before you can
receive clear title to the property. You are encouraged to investigate the
existence, priority, and size of outstanding liens that may exist on this
property by contacting the county recorder's office or a title insurance
company, either of which may charge you a fee for this information. If you
consult either of these resources, you should be aware that the same lender may
hold more than one mortgage or deed of trust on the property. NOTICE TO PROPERTY
OWNER: The sale date shown on this notice of sale may be postponed one or more
times by the mortgagee, beneficiary, trustee, or a court, pursuant to Section
2924g of the California Civil Code. The law requires that information about
trustee sale postponements be made available to you and to the public, as a
courtesy to those not present at the sale. If you wish to learn whether your
sale date has been postponed, and, if applicable, the rescheduled time and date
for the sale of this property, you may call FOR SALE INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL
(855)986-9342, or visit this Internet Web site www.superiordefault.com  using
the file number assigned to this case 2016-1234 . Information about
postponements that are very short in duration or that occur close in time to the
scheduled sale may not immediately be reflected in the telephone information or
on the Internet Web site. The best way to verify postponement information is to
attend the scheduled sale. THE PROPERTY IS BEING SOLD SUBJECT TO THE NINETY DAY
RIGHT OF REDEMPTION CONTAINED IN CIVIL CODE SECTION 5715(b). PLEASE NOTE THAT WE
ARE A DEBT COLLECTOR AND ARE ATTEMPTING TO COLLECT A DEBT AND ANY INFORMATION WE
OBTAIN WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE. Date: 10/03/2016. S.B.S LIEN SERVICES,
31194 La Baya Drive, Suite 106, Westlake Village, California, 91362. By: Annissa
Young, Trustee Sale Officer (10/13/16, 10/20/16, 10/27/16 | TS#2016-1234
SDI-24372) Irvine World News 10204873



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

California: A.P.N.: 434-271-02 Trustee Sale No.: 2015-1005 Title Order

LENGTH: 902 words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The State of Maryland has issued the following news release:



   A.P.N.: 434-271-02 Trustee Sale No.: 2015-1005 Title Order No: 150017427
Reference No: PA-WES 0962-01 NOTICE OF TRUSTEE'S SALE UNDER A NOTICE OF A NOTICE
OF DELINQUENT ASSESSMENT AND CLAIM OF LIEN. YOU ARE IN DEFAULT UNDER A NOTICE OF
DELINQUENT ASSESSMENT DATED 08/08/2008. UNLESS YOU TAKE ACTION TO PROTECT YOUR
PROPERTY, IT MAY BE SOLD AT A PUBLIC SALE.

IF YOU NEED AN EXPLANATION OF THE NATURE OF THE PROCEEDING AGAINST YOU, YOU
SHOULD CONTACT A LAWYER. Notice is hereby given that on 11/10/2016 at 3:00 PM,
S.B.S. Lien Services, As the duly appointed Trustee under and pursuant to Notice
of Delinquent Assessment, recorded on 09/11/2008, as Document No. 2008000429991,
Book , Page , of Official Records in the Office of the Recorder of ORANGE
County, California, The original owner: MARY ANN ROBBINS The purported new
owner: MARY ANN ROBBINS, WILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER FOR
CASH, (payable at time of sale in lawful money of the United States, by cash, a
cashier's check drawn by a State or national bank, a check drawn by a state or
federal credit union, or a check drawn by state or federal savings and loan
association, savings association, or a savings bank specified in section 5102 of
the Financial Code and authorized to do business in this state.): ON THE FRONT
STEPS TO THE ENTRANCE OF THE ORANGE CIVIC CENTER, 300 E. CHAPMAN AVE., ORANGE,
CA All right, title and interest under said Notice of Delinquent Assessment in
the property situated in said County, as more fully described on the above
referenced assessment lien. The street address and other common designation, if
any of the real property described above is purported to be: 32 AVANZARE,
IRVINE, CA 92606. The undersigned Trustee disclaims any liability for any
incorrectness of the street address and other common designation, if any, shown
herein. Said sale will be made, but without covenant or warranty, express or
implied, regarding title, possession, or encumbrances, to pay the remaining
principal sum due under said Notice of Delinquent Assessment, with interest
thereon, as provided in said notice, advances, if any, estimated fees, charges,
and expenses of the Trustee, to wit: $11,074.31 accrued interest and additional
advances, if any, will increase this figure prior to sale. The claimant: PASEO
WESTPARK MAINTENANCE ASSOCIATION under said Notice of Delinquent Assessment
heretofore executed and delivered to the undersigned a written Declaration of
Default and Demand for Sale, and a written Notice of Default and Election to
Sell. The undersigned caused said Notice of Default and Election to Sell to be
recorded in the county where the real property is located and more than three
months have elapsed since such recordation. NOTICE TO POTENTIAL BIDDERS: If you
are considering bidding on this property lien, you should understand that there
are risks involved in bidding at a trustee auction. You will be bidding on a
lien, not on the property itself. Placing the highest bid at a trustee auction
does not automatically entitle you to free and clear ownership of the property.
You should also be aware that the lien being auctioned off may be a junior lien.
If you are the highest bidder at the auction, you are or may be responsible for
paying off all liens senior to the lien being auctioned off, before you can
receive clear title to the property. You are encouraged to investigate the
existence, priority, and size of outstanding liens that may exist on this
property by contacting the county recorder's office or a title insurance
company, either of which may charge you a fee for this information. If you
consult either of these resources, you should be aware that the same lender may
hold more than one mortgage or deed of trust on the property. NOTICE TO PROPERTY
OWNER: The sale date shown on this notice of sale may be postponed one or more
times by the mortgagee, beneficiary, trustee, or a court, pursuant to Section
2924g of the California Civil Code. The law requires that information about
trustee sale postponements be made available to you and to the public, as a
courtesy to those not present at the sale. If you wish to learn whether your
sale date has been postponed, and, if applicable, the rescheduled time and date
for the sale of this property, you may call FOR SALE INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL
(855)986-9342, or visit this Internet Web site www.superiordefault.com  using
the file number assigned to this case 2015-1005 . Information about
postponements that are very short in duration or that occur close in time to the
scheduled sale may not immediately be reflected in the telephone information or
on the Internet Web site. The best way to verify postponement information is to
attend the scheduled sale. THE PROPERTY IS BEING SOLD SUBJECT TO THE NINETY DAY
RIGHT OF REDEMPTION CONTAINED IN CIVIL CODE SECTION 5715(b). PLEASE NOTE THAT WE
ARE A DEBT COLLECTOR AND ARE ATTEMPTING TO COLLECT A DEBT AND ANY INFORMATION WE
OBTAIN WILL BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE. Date: 10/03/2016. S.B.S LIEN SERVICES,
31194 La Baya Drive, Suite 106, Westlake Village, California, 91362. By: Annissa
Young, Trustee Sale Officer (10/13/16, 10/20/16, 10/27/16 | TS#2015-1005
SDI-24369) Irvine World News 10204863



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                 February 2013

Shadow Inventory Supply Through October At Seven Months

BYLINE: Evan Nemeroff

SECTION: MANAGING REO; Pg. 18 Vol. 17 No. 02

LENGTH: 455  words


The current stock of foreclosed and real estate owned properties deemed to be
shadow inventory but not yet ready to sell on the open market as of October 2012
fell on an annual basis.

According to CoreLogic, the October residential shadow inventory level was 2.3
million units, representing a supply of seven months. This is a 12.3% drop from
a year ago, when shadow inventory stood at 2.6 million units.

In July, the pending supply was also 2.3 million residential units, but a
six-month supply.

Out of the 2.3 million shadow inventory properties nationwide through October,
more than 1 million are seriously delinquent and not yet foreclosed upon, which
is approximately a 3.3-month supply.

Additionally, 903,000 are in some stage of foreclosure, representing a 2.8-month
supply, while 354,000 are already in REO, resulting in a 1.1-month supply.

"The size of the shadow inventory continues to shrink from peak levels. We
expect a gradual and progressive contraction in the shadow inventory in 2013 as
investors continue to snap up foreclosed and REO properties and the broader
recovery in housing market fundamentals takes hold," said Anand Nallathambi,
president and CEO of CoreLogic.

CoreLogic estimates pending supply by calculating the number of properties that
are seriously delinquent, in foreclosure and held as REO by mortgage servicers
but not currently listed on multiple listing services. The Irvine, Calif.-based
analytic firm said the latest shadow inventory figures represent 85% of the 2.7
million properties currently seriously delinquent, in foreclosure or in REO.

Serious delinquencies-which are the main driver of the shadow inventory-declined
the most in Arizona (13.3%), California, 9.7%), Michigan (6.8%) and Wyoming
(5.9%).

Meanwhile, Florida, California, Illinois, New York and New Jersey made up 45% of
the properties that were seriously delinquent, in foreclosure or in REO over the
three months ending in October 2012. A year ago, these same states accounted for
51.3% of all distressed mortgages that were in REO, foreclosure, or at least 90
days delinquent.

The October 2012 dollar volume of shadow inventory was $376 billion, down from
$399 billion during the same time period last year, CoreLogic stated.

Furthermore, CoreLogic said the pending supply of shadow inventory is manageable
in 2013 and won't have a major effect on the supply and demand of the housing
market.

"Given the long foreclosure timelines in many states, the current shadow
inventory stock represents little immediate threat to a significant swing in
housing market supply," said Mark Fleming, chief economist for CoreLogic.
"Investor demand will help to absorb the already foreclosed and REO properties
in the shadow inventory in 2013."

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              June 10, 2012 Sunday
                                  WEB Edition

Property-tax delinquents owe city, schools $515.4M.

BYLINE: By Patrick Kerkstra Patrick Kerkstra is a freelance journalist and
former Inqui

SECTION: NEWS; P-com Opinion; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 1259 words


Philadelphia property-tax delinquents piled up an additional $43.8 million in
new debt over the last year, increasing the total amount owed to the city and
School District to $515.4 million, an increase of 9.3 percent in a single year,
city records show.

There are now about 103,000 tax-delinquent properties in Philadelphia. About 18
percent of all parcels in the city are in arrears. As documented in an
Inquirer/PlanPhilly series in August, no other big city in the nation approaches
that level of property-tax delinquency.

Past-due property taxes have long been a contentious issue in Philadelphia, but
the growing pot of delinquent cash has attracted more attention than usual in
recent months.

That's because City Council and Mayor Nutter have enacted two straight
property-tax hikes in two years, and are considering a citywide property
reassessment that would collect an additional $94 million. Meanwhile, the School
District of Philadelphia, which relies on property taxes for 80 percent of its
local funding, is in the midst of perhaps the worst financial crisis in its
history.

The School Reform Commission, Council members, activists, and residents have
been clamoring for the city to do a better job of collecting delinquent property
taxes, both to throw a lifeline to the schools and to limit tax hikes on the
majority of property owners who pay their share.

"The numbers speak for themselves. It's ludicrous: half-a-billion in revenue
still on the table, and more of it every day," said State Sen. Michael Stack
(D., Phila.), one of a growing number of critics.

The Nutter administration has heard the complaints.

"The Revenue Department is not insensitive to the shortcomings of the present
real estate tax-collection system, and over the past few years, we have taken
steps to improve that system," revenue commissioner Keith Richardson said during
City Council testimony last week.

By some measures, the situation is improving. The city is on track to meet its
budgeted delinquent-collection goals. And the administration has reduced the
number of delinquent accounts by more than 8,000 in a single year.

But by the most critical and basic standard &mdash; the total amount owed the
city and schools &mdash; the delinquency epidemic continues to grow, as it has
throughout Nutter's administration. An Inquirer/PlanPhilly analysis of city
records shows that between 2009 and April 30, 2012, the debt owed by
property-tax deadbeats, including principal, interest, and penalties, has
increased by 21.3 percent, from $425 million to $515.4 million.

"They're not even treading water. They're falling behind," said Councilman Bill
Green, who has proposed a bill that would overhaul the way the city collects
delinquent property taxes.

The Problem

Mass property-tax delinquency has been the norm in Philadelphia for at least 20
years. And in their more candid moments, city officials suggest that may always
be the case.

"This is a very poor city, and there are a lot of areas with a lot of tax
delinquencies," said Frances R. Beckley, chief counsel to the Revenue
Department. "There's a chunk of this, that, if you were to be realistic, you're
never going to do anything with."

Yet no other big city, including communities with far worse poverty rates, such
as Detroit and Cleveland, has a delinquency rate as high as Philadelphia's.

Elsewhere, delinquent property owners are given a hard deadline, typically no
more than a year or two, to settle their accounts. If the deadline passes
without a resolution, delinquent property owners often automatically lose their
land, usually at sheriff's auction or to a government-run land bank.

But in Philadelphia, many tax-delinquent properties are left to languish for
years, even decades, without being subjected to meaningful enforcement action.
The average amount owed on tax-delinquent properties is $5,000, and the typical
delinquent is seven years past due. More than 13,000 properties are 15 or more
years behind, including more than 2,100 parcels that are at least 30 years
delinquent.

The effects of so many long-term delinquencies go beyond lost revenue. Tax-
delinquent properties are at least 4.5 times as likely to be vacant as
properties whose owners are current on their taxes, a recent Inquirer/PlanPhilly
analysis of public data found. And vacant properties spread blight, depress
property values, and cost the city millions annually in maintenance.

Potential Fixes

Harrisburg and City Council are considering bills that would reinvent the city's
system for collecting delinquent taxes. The proposed reforms would compel the
city to foreclose on delinquent properties after one year of nonpayment. The
parcels could be sold at sheriff's auction or put in a land bank (which would
require additional legislation also under consideration at the city and state
levels). The locally drafted ordinance would also make it easier for tax
delinquents to get into compliance through payment plans.

Councilman Green, who is co-sponsoring the overhaul with Councilwoman Maria
Qui&ntilde;ones S&aacute;nchez, said the system needs certain and hard-and-fast
rules.

In the administration's view, Green's bill combines a too-lenient payment plan
with an overly harsh crackdown on those who can't or won't pay. City officials
also worry about the city's legal exposure if it were forced to bank tens of
thousands of delinquent properties, many of which are vacant, that nobody wanted
at sheriff's auction.

That reasoning aggravates land-bank supporters, who contend that the city is
responsible for the problems delinquent parcels create, regardless of who
formally holds title.

"When people look at a vacant house, they see it as the city's problem,"
S&aacute;nchez said.

Where the private market is weak, "the city should be acquiring these abandoned
delinquent properties, clearing titles, and creating an assemblage that could
lead to faster development," S&aacute;nchez said.

This redevelopment-centered approach to delinquency enforcement runs counter to
the Nutter administration's view.

"We don't think being the largest owner of delinquent property should be the
goal," city Finance Director Rob Dubow said, noting that the city already owns
more vacant land than it can manage. "Our goal here is to get paid."

To that end, the administration has a series of new initiatives under way or in
the works, including:


A bureaucratic reshuffling designed to give one department &mdash; Revenue
&mdash; clear responsibility for delinquencies.

Hiring a second collection agency to pursue delinquent properties.

Targeting landlords with multiple delinquencies for aggressive enforcement.

Prioritizing nuisance properties for sheriff's sale and denying problem
landlords the convenience of payment agreements.

Earlier dunning of property owners, starting with a phone call shortly after
payment is due (March 31).

But the city's claims of progress are hard to reconcile with the fast-growing
debt ($43.8 million in a single year) property-tax delinquents owe.

Asked what was preventing the city from doing more, Richardson said the
delinquency pool was not as large as it seemed. For instance, more than 10,000
properties are caught up in bankruptcy proceedings, and thus cannot be
foreclosed upon, he said. And 11,000 are subject to payment plans.

That leaves about 80,000 properties for the city to go after.

Contact Patrick Kerkstra at patrick@patrickkerkstra.com or follow on Twitter
@pkerkstra.

A searchable interactive map of the city's delinquent properties is at
philly.com/delinquent2012


LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 24, 2010 Friday

Lackawanna County tax sale recoups $192,000 in delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Charles Schillinger, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


Sept. 24--An upset tax sale this week recouped almost $192,000 in back taxes for
Lackawanna County, schools and municipalities, and will allow hundreds of
properties to be brought to judicial sale in five months.

The Lackawanna County Tax Claim Bureau put up for auction 340 properties Monday
as part of its upset tax sale that targets delinquents. Buyers purchased 54 of
the properties, a fifth of which were in Scranton.

The annual upset sale is not as successful as a judicial sale, which auctions
tax delinquent properties that are free of liens. Before a property can go to a
judicial sale, it must first be offered in an upset sale.

Properties that survived the upset sale will be scheduled for a judicial sale
anticipated for Feb. 14, said tax claims bureau deputy director Ron Koldjeski.
Including other properties, he said he expects more than 350 properties to be
brought to judicial sale.

In a judicial sale in February, the tax claim office advertised 215 parcels for
sale and, after many paid their taxes, 65 were brought to auction, selling for
about $1.3 million.

Mr. Koldjeski said delinquents with properties that did not sell in Monday's
upset sale have until November to pay taxes.

Once paperwork on the properties is in the hands of lawyers, a $1,000 fee is
added to pay for legal preparation for the judicial sale.

Contact the writer: cschillinger @timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100924-YT-Lackawanna-County-tax-sale-recoups-192,000-in-delinquent
-taxes-20100924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           January 12, 2005 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                  ALL EDITION

MAYOR FAVORS REBUKE ON DEBT

BYLINE: By Sylvia Cooper Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 464 words


Mayor Bob Young wants to resurrect an old cartoon character from the old Augusta
Herald newspaper or something similar to shame residents who owe the city money
or won't keep their property up.

The character, who used to appear in top hat and tails rebuking negligent
property owners, was called Broadus Street.

"If there was a bad-looking piece of property, Broadus Street would be standing
there saying, 'Shame on these people,'" Mr. Young said. "It was great. We need
to get Broadus Street out of retirement."

In his State of the City address last week, Mr. Young proposed steps the
government should take to collect the money owed the city and force the owners
of rundown property to clean it up or face the consequences.

"First, I would charge the administrator, as one of his first tasks this year,
to identify all collectable accounts across the (city)," he said. "Those which
are determined to be uncollectable should be written off the books. Those which
are valid should be aggressively pursued by professional collection services."

Mr. Young also proposed an amnesty period, during which penalties and late
charges would be waived for those who paid, before turning the accounts over for
collection.

At last count, there was $14.09 million in delinquent property taxes on the
books, from 1997 through 2004, most of it - $8.07 million - from last year's
bills. The city receives about 40 percent of that amount, the school board about
59 percent and the state 0.75 percent, according to Jack McAdams, the chief
financial officer for the Richmond County Tax Commission.

About 1 percent of the total is uncollectable because the debtors have gone
bankrupt or left town with all their assets.

Also, $530,199 in delinquent residential garbage bills is on the tax office
books. Private trash haulers who use the Deans Bridge Road landfill owe a total
of $1.5 million.

Delinquent water and sewer bills total $831,043, more than half of which has
been turned over for collection, according to utility department officials.

Mr. Young decried the city's lack of a consistent policy on handling delinquent
accounts.

"We need a uniform policy in the organization," he said. "Some departments
charge interest. Some don't. Some charge penalties. Some don't. Some try to
collect. Some don't."

The tax commission charges a 10 percent penalty on all property tax bills when
they become delinquent, and the city charges 1 percent per month interest
thereafter.

The utility department charges a 10 percent per month late fee after the bill is
30 days delinquent, according to Steven J. Little, the assistant director of
finance and administration. The landfill charges 1.5 percent interest on
delinquent accounts.

Mr. Young also wants to crack down on property owners who allow their lots to
become overgrown.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 13, 2005



CORRECTION: To err is human. To turn over an erroneous list of delinquent water
and sewer accounts to be published in the newspaper is that principle at work in
the Augusta Utilities Department.

A list of delinquent accounts supplied to The Augusta Chronicle and published in
Wednesday's editions was the result of human error, said Steven J. Little, the
utility department's assistant director of finance.

An original computer file of accounts that were turned over to collections by
the utility department and later sent back from the collection agency was
incorrect, Mr. Little said.

"After the problem with the file was discovered and corrected by Augusta
Utilities, a revised file was created," he said.

So far, so good.

Then the erroneous file was sent to the newspaper from the utility department
and published.

Some of the customers listed as owing thousands in delinquent charges who
actually owed in the hundreds or less took exception.

"Augusta Utilities Department sincerely regrets the error and offers the
following list correcting the amounts reported yesterday, as well as a new
schedule of the largest amounts turned over to the collection agency by Augusta
Utilities through Dec. 10, 2004," Mr. Little stated in an e-mail Wednesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Audit finds concerns at Uninsured Employer's Fund

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


Nov. 18--CUMBERLAND -- An audit of the state fund which pays workers'
compensation awards to workers who did not receive payments from their employers
needs to do a better job of tracking and documenting its activities. The fund
pays the workers if their employers failed to procure workers' compensation
insurance as required by state law.

The Office of Legislative Audits released the audit report Friday. According to
the audit "for fiscal year 2013, income ... totaled approximately $8.8 million,
claim payments (indemnity and medical payments) totaled approximately $7.5
million, and operating expenses totaled approximately $1.2 million. UEF's
(Uninsured Employers Fund) fund balance as of December 31, 2013 totaled
approximately $11.3 million."

One audit funding was that the fund did not adequately monitor and pursue
collection of delinquent employer accounts. Collection notices were not sent out
as required by the state's collection unit, and delinquent accounts were not
routinely referred to the state collections units for additional collection
activity.

"As of October 7, 2013, based on our analysis of data from UEF's records, there
were 1,954 delinquent accounts totaling approximately $12.9 million that, based
on their age, should have been referred to CCU (Central Collections Unit) but
had not been referred. This included 57 delinquent accounts with balances
greater than $50,000 totaling approximately $7.1 million. As of October 7, 2013,
these accounts had been delinquent for periods ranging from 189 days to more
than 13 years. Delays in the pursuit of outstanding debts may decrease the
likelihood of collecting the funds," according to the audit.

In addition, the fund did not have a process to identify and refer delinquent
employers for the suspension of their licenses.

Security of the funds computer network was also inadequate, the auditors found.

Fund officials, in a response dated Oct. 24, agreed with the audit's findings
and said they will work to address the problems.

___ (c)2014 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141118-UM-Audit-finds-concerns-at-Uninsured-Employer-s-Fund-1118-20141118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2014 Cumberland Times-News


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               November 10, 2014

Insurers Radian, MGIC Lower Delinquencies in October

BYLINE: Colin Wilhelm

SECTION: SERVICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 157  words


Mortgage insurers Radian Guaranty Inc. and MGIC Investment Corp. both saw their
inventory of delinquent loans drop during October.

According to figures provided by Philadelphia-based Radian, the company entered
the month with 46,843 delinquencies, plus added 4,098 loans to the inventory
during the month. But the company was able to cure 3,676 of its delinquent
loans, and saw a little over 1,000 more come off its books thanks to claims
paid, rescissions and denials.

Radian finished October with 46,242 delinquent loans. The company wrote $3.75
billion in new insurance policies during the month.

MGIC, headquartered in Milwaukee, entered the month with 83,154 delinquencies
and there were 7,543 new loans added to the inventory. But the company reduced
its total through 6,564 cures, 1,704 payments, and 60 rescissions and denials,
ending the month with a total of 82,369 in delinquent loans. It wrote $3.3
billion of new policies during October.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday

Judge finds Birdsboro boy delinquent

BYLINE: Mary Young, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


Aug. 17--A 17-year-old Birdsboro boy who had been attending a Lancaster trade
school must spend at least six months in a residential program for juvenile
delinquents for punching a Birdsboro man outside a borough pizzeria.

Samuel Swavely of the 500 block of East Main Street will be transferred within
the next few days to the Youth Service Agency near Jim Thorpe in Carbon County
for the July 1 beating of Klint Howard, 42, on a parking lot near Vinnie's
Pizzeria & Restaurant.

Judge Timothy J. Rowley found Swavely delinquent on charges of aggravated and
simple assault and related offenses.

According to testimony by pizzeria workers, Andre Lubrano, the owner of the
pizzeria, asked Edward Kelly, age unavailable, of Birdsboro to leave because he
was cursing at Lubrano for not having the beer he wanted. Howard followed Kelly
outside, waving his arms.

They said Howard, a frequent customer, was protective of the workers.

One of the workers said she saw Swavely get out of Kelly's car and hit Howard
three times on the head.

Another worker said he saw the last punch that knocked Howard down.

Both said they saw Swavely lift Howard's head 6 to 8 inches off the ground and
drop it on the macadam.

Kelly testified that he stood by and watched as Howard grabbed Swavely's shirt,
ripped it, then hit Swavely.

He recalled Swavely saying that he lifted Howard's head to see whether Howard
was breathing and laid it down gently.

Kelly said Swavely is a friend of his girlfriend's daughter.

Howard suffered a severe head injury, officials said.

Roarke Aston, Swavely's Exeter Township attorney, argued that Swavely was
defending himself after Howard hit him and that the only witness who saw the
entire incident was Kelly.

Assistant District Attorney Bryan Boughter argued that when one of the workers
turned away for a few seconds, the other was watching.

Rowley said he did not find Kelly's testimony credible and believed the workers.
Swavely was safe in the car and became the aggressor when he got out of the car,
Rowley said.

Juvenile probation officials said Swavely's status will be re-evaluated in six
months.

Contact Mary Young: 610-478-6292 or myoung@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110817-RE-Judge-finds-Birdsboro-boy-delinquent-0817-20110817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 5, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

New York's Tax Delinquents Appear at Click of a Mouse

BYLINE: By LESLIE EATON

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 631 words


Combining a trendy new method (publication on the Internet) with the tried and
true (public humiliation), the city of New York this week tried to induce
delinquent taxpayers to settle up by listing them on the World Wide Web.

Nineteen companies -- and, in many cases, their officers -- that owe a total of
$9 million in various business taxes appear on the list, which was posted on
Tuesday at www.nyclink.org/finance. Some of the tax debts go back to the early
1990's, while the most recent dates to last March, said James Moses, a spokesman
for the Department of Finance.

One of the delinquents has already gotten in touch with the Department of
Finance to discuss paying its back taxes, Mr. Moses said, "so I guess you can
say it has been a success already." (He refused to disclose the name of the
company.) There are about 340 delinquent companies, Mr. Moses said, noting that
the city published the names of those that owe at least $100,000.

Several other governments, including Connecticut and Washington, D.C., have
posted the names of taxpayers who owe big sums.

In New York, few of the biggest debtors, several of whom owe more than $1
million in taxes and interest, are household names. Indeed, many appear to be
defunct.

That is the case with two related companies that, combined, have the biggest
debt on the list, according to a lawyer for one of their former partners,
Michael J. DeSola. The two companies, Murtha DeSola Finsilver Fiore Inc. and
DeSola Fiore Group, owe almost $1.4 million, according to the city.

"First of all, the companies disagreed with the city's determination at that
time, and to bring it up a decade later is really strange," said Arthur C.
Schupbach, a lawyer for Mr. DeSola, who since 1990 has run the DeSola Group, a
corporate consulting firm.

Others on the list are tied up in litigation. Martin W. Field and his daughter,
Laurel, were the principals in a partnership that built a Days Inn hotel near La
Guardia Airport.

A bank repossessed the hotel in 1992, Mr. Field said, and the parties have been
in court since, fighting about, among other things, who owes how much of the
back taxes.

The city says it is owed more than $1.2 million in hotel occupancy taxes; Mr.
Field says the amount owed is far less. And he complains that the publicity may
put a damper on his efforts to expand the two other airport hotels he owns in
Queens.

Even more obscure is Fanad Inc., a Brooklyn concern that the city says owes more
than $1 million in general corporate taxes.

According to state records, Fanad holds the liquor license for Smith's Bar and
Grill in Park Slope. Reached at the bar, Michael E. Brady, Fanad's chief
executive, would say only, "It's definitely a false thing."

Some of those whose names showed up on the city's list said they had no idea how
they got there. "I don't understand what's going on," said Maria DeCarvalhosa,
who the city says owes $891,000 in unincorporated business taxes. Reached on her
cellular phone, Ms. DeCarvalhosa declined to say whether she did business in the
city and said, "I think there is a mistake."

Dr. Miles Galin said he thought the tax troubles of his former partnership,
Galin/Boniuk M.D. P.C., had been settled years ago. His partner has retired, Dr.
Galin said, and while he does research, he no longer practices (his license was
revoked in 1997, according to the State Health Department).

The city has published his name, he complained, "to intimidate, to embarrass."

Probably the best-known name on the list belongs to the Taco Bell Corporation,
which the city says owes more than $580,000 in commercial rent tax. "We're
currently investigating it," said Laurie Gannon, a spokeswoman for the company
in Irvine, Calif. "We've never had anything like this happen before."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 21, 2014 Friday

Clarks Summit sewer delinquents face water shut-off

BYLINE: Michael Iorfino, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 331 words


Feb. 21--Clarks Summit property owners who have ignored repeated warnings to pay
their delinquent sewer bills could soon be without running water.

Borough officials this week sent letters and emails to longtime delinquent
ratepayers and posted notices on their doors informing them of Tuesday's
deadline to pay back at least some of what they owe. If property owners fail to
do so, borough Manager Virginia Kehoe will tell Pennsylvania American Water Co.
to shut off water at their properties.

"The water company will do the shut-offs after we give them all the paperwork,"
Ms. Kehoe said. "Wednesday would be the earliest it's turned off."

As many as a couple hundred ratepayers are delinquent, but borough officials are
focusing on property owners who haven't paid the bill -- $47 a month per
equivalent dwelling unit -- in months, council Vice President Dominic Scott
said.

Late last year, when the delinquent payments exceeded $100,000, officials issued
letters to at least 75 property owners who owed more than $746 in sewer
payments.

The number of delinquent accounts and the amount owed to the borough have
fluctuated in recent months, as Clarks Summit received as much as $40,000 in
delinquent payments, said Mr. Scott, chairman of the borough's sewer committee.

But some owners continued to ignore the notices, prompting officials to send a
follow-up letter notifying them they had 37 days to, at the very least, work
toward paying what they owed. The letters warned property owners that if they
continued to ignore the issue, officials would shut their water off.

"We really don't want to shut off their water, especially in the winter, but
what are you going to do?" Mr. Scott said. "How can you make these people pay?"

Anyone with questions can call 570-586-9316.

Contact the writer: miorfino@timesshamrock.com, @miorfinoTT on Twitter

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140221-YT-Clarks-Summit-sewer-delinquents
-face-water-shut-off-0221-20140221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday

Whitley County attorney appointed

BYLINE: Sharae Myers, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


Oct. 19--CORBIN -- Don Moses was appointed and sworn in as the new Whitley
County attorney on Tuesday. Moses' appointment fills the vacancy left by the
recent appointment of Paul Winchester to the 34th Circuit Court judge's seat.

Whitley County Judge/Executive Pat White, who made the appointment, said he had
been approached by five or six interested candidates. It came down to Moses and
Bob Hammons, both of whom have previous experience in the county attorney's
office.

White said he chose Moses over Hammons because of a conflict of interest since
Hammons serves as the Corbin city attorney and is the brother-in-law to Corbin
Mayor Willard McBurney. White said both men "are capable, good gentlemen and
experienced members of the bar."

Before the appointment, White said issues were raised concerning delinquent
property and occupational taxes owed by Moses.

While Moses did not owe delinquent property taxes, White said he did owe
delinquent occupational taxes.

"I met with Moses and told him he couldn't have any delinquent taxes to be
considered for the position," White said.

White said Moses is now current on his occupational taxes.

White said Moses used to live in Tennessee and now has lived in Whitley County
long enough to meet residency requirements for the position. "Moses lives on
Beck's Creek Road, and I pass his house every day on my way home. He lives four
miles closer to town than I do," White said.

Moses said his main focus "is to do the best I can for all the people in Whitley
County, be fair and even-handed with all of them. These are my people."

Moses said he would be available for any citizen who wants to see him. "If I'm
not in court my door is open," Moses said, adding that if he isn't in, he will
return all calls.

Moses said his staff will remain in the courthouse, and he will continue to work
from    his Main Street office in Williamsburg.

"We will see a fairly seamless transition," Moses said.

Moses will serve until the May primary election.

He said he plans to run for the position at that time.

___ (c)2011 The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Ky.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Corbin,
Ky.) at www.thetimestribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111019-KB-Whitley-County-attorney-appointed-1019-20111019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 18, 2013 Friday
                                  WEB Edition

Letters: Curing Philly's 'bad example'

SECTION: EDITORIAL OPINION; P-com Opinion; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 755 words


MOST neighborhood activists will tell you that the longer a vacant property sits
unoccupied, the more vulnerable it becomes to vandalism and decay - and the more
likely that surrounding properties will experience similar decay and
destruction.

It's a fact that left unchecked, blight will spread block by block until the
whole neighborhood is engulfed and eventually destroyed.

Long-term uncollected property tax delinquencies are a major factor in creating
blight that leads to property abandonment - never mind the impact on the city's
finances when an estimated $300 million in delinquent taxes remain uncollected
for the past five years.

Philadelphia is often cited as a bad example of what happens when a local
government fails to implement effective and fair property-tax collection. A
number of onetime stable neighborhoods have been destroyed because Philadelphia
does not adequately collect delinquent property taxes, nor does the city move
quickly to sell tax-delinquent properties at sheriff's sales.

With new legislative tools available, we can begin to fight blight and reclaim
some of our lost neighborhoods and put these properties back on the tax rolls.
Under my legislation, Act 153 of 2013, Philadelphia can now create a land bank,
which is a governmental or nonprofit entity that acquires, holds and manages
tax-foreclosed, abandoned properties. The main purpose of a land bank is to
return vacant, abandoned and tax-delinquent properties to productive reuse in
accordance with local and regional plans for smart growth and development.

Additionally, I am working with state Rep. Chris Ross, R-Chester, to enact HB
1409, which will modernize and streamline collection of delinquent property
taxes by centralizing all five state laws currently used to collect delinquent
due taxes in one location.

We know times are tough and good people can't always pay their taxes on time.
We've taken that into account by balancing the rights of timely taxpayers with
consideration for folks who have run into hard times. The goal is to ensure that
accounts are paid and paid on time, but with options for hardship cases to enter
into monthly payment agreements.

While it is not the easiest of problems to fix, modernizing the way that
Philadelphia deals with blighted, vacant, tax-delinquent properties will benefit
all of us and improve the overall quality of life for thousands of
Philadelphians.

Pa. Rep. John Taylor

177th Legislative District

Not their cup of tea

Kudos to the Daily News for the on-target editorial "Tea & No Sympathy."
"Fringe" and "radical" are apt descriptions for these nattering nabobs of
negativism posing as conservatives. Real conservatives have a legitimate point
of view that is rooted in analysis and history. The tea partiers have no such
credential and never will.

I would offer a possible explanation for their stubborn opposition to progress
of any kind. As you state, they come from "cocoons" into which no breath of
modern thought ever intrudes. Now they have arrived at the nation's capital.
They are petrified that if they do not do the bidding of ignorance and hatred,
they will have to return to the pathetic places they came from. Better to shove
their constituents and their country under a bus than have to leave the
glittering lights of the big city.

Dave Kalkstein

Philadelphia

It's bad enough that we have to deal with the Republican Party to begin with in
regard to their foolish attempts to defund the Affordable Care Act over 100
times, but I would really like to know who the 144 in the House of
Representatives and the 17 in the Senate were who voted "no" to end the
government shutdown.

It's apparent that those congressmen (mainly tea-party Republicans) have no care
or do not look after the best interest of this country. They would have allowed
the country to default and slip possibly into a depression or another Great
Recession just for their own political gain. Morons like Ted Cruz flap their
jaws and just want to be stars. They have no place in the U.S. government. They
want to run the country like Nazis, and for them to have any say in anything is
a disgrace.

If anything, it certainly creates a major rift within the Republican party
between the tea partiers and the moderate Republicans, which opens the door for
more Democrats going forward, which is a great thing. I certainly hope there is
a massive turnover in the next midterm elections. We have to go through this all
over again by the end of January/early February.

Steven J. Patten

Mount Ephraim, N.J.


LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 3, 1988 Thursday

U.S. agency to restructure $7 billion of farm loans

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


Reuter WASHINGTON
  The U.S. Government's chief farm lending agency says it will begin
restructuring up to $7-billion (U.S.) of delinquent farm debt in July.

Restructuring could include reducing principal or interest rates, or
extending payment terms. But the actions will begin too late to help an
estimated 60,000 indebted farmers improve their ability to borrow for
spring planting this year.

Under a farm credit reform bill signed by President Ronald Reagan in
January, the Farmers Home Administration is required to restructure
delinquent farm loans whenever it is cheaper than foreclosing.

Restucturing regulations are expected to be finished by June, and would
take effect 30 days later, FHA administrator Vance Clark said.

Completion of the regulations also could lead to a resumption of FHA
foreclosures, which have been restricted by legal challenges since 1983,
said Ron Ence, an FHA spokesman.

Of about $26-billion in debt held by the FHA, $6.6-billion is
delinquent, Mr. Clark said. Almost $5-billion has been delinquent for at
least three years. Most of that will have to be written off as
uncollectable, either through restructuring or foreclosure, he said.

The bad debt is held by about 80,000 farmers, of whom 60,000 are still
actively farming, said Lynn Hayes, a lawyer for the Farmers Legal Action
Group of St. Paul, Minn.

Virtually all the delinquent borrowers still farming will be eligible
for loan restructuring, which could improve their chances of obtaining
credit, she said. But the new FHA provisions will not be ready in time for
this spring's planting season.

The restructurings and accompanying debt write-offs will not add to the
federal budget deficit, said Democratic senator Kent Conrad of North
Dakota, an author of the restructuring provisions. Budget officials
already consider the debt uncollectable, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

Delinquent tangible taxes now on radar;
The county tax collector is trying to collect what he can of the $775,300 owed.

BYLINE: KEVIN TURNER

SECTION: Pg. P-1

LENGTH: 416 words


YULEE - Efforts by the Nassau County Tax Collector's Office to collect on long-
delinquent tangible personal property taxes are beginning to pay off, Interim
Tax Collector John Drew said Wednesday.

Drew told the Nassau County Commission that his office has collected $167,500 in
delinquent tangible personal property taxes since May 1 and the commission can
expect $80,400 of the money by Sept. 1.

"Most likely, it will be more than that as we continue our collection services,"
Drew said.

Tangible personal property taxes are levied on a business' furnishings and
office equipment, as well as on attachments to mobile homes.

Since 1987, no warrants have been filed in court to collect the delinquent taxes
and, despite some warrant filings, there have been no apparent efforts to seize
assets to collect on them in the office's recorded history.

From 1987 to 2005, approximately $2.9 million in unpaid personal property taxes
went uncollected. Some of the businesses have since closed, gone bankrupt or
moved from the area.

"The warrants have been prepared and filed in Circuit Court for 2004. Within the
next few weeks, warrants will be filed for 2001," he said.

After that, Drew said, the Tax Collector's office will go after 2005
delinquencies in an effort to catch businesses before they close their doors.

Since no warrants have been filed since 1987, state law permits the Tax
Collector's office to pursue delinquent taxes only as far back as 2001.

The maximum amount that can be recovered since then is $775,300, he said.

"We will continue, over the next year, to collect on the $775,000," Drew said.
"We're going to go after every penny owed to the government, but how much of
that is collectible is unknown."

Drew told commissioners he would prefer to garnish the accounts of delinquent
businesses rather than seize their assets, because the businesses rely on those
assets to stay open.

County Commission Chairman Tom Branan asked Drew how the Florida Department of
Revenue could let the uncollected tax situation continue for so long.

"I have no earthly idea," Drew said. "While I have been in the office we have
been actively pursuing it and in the weeks before I was appointed, my staff was
pursuing it."

Gov. Jeb Bush appointed Drew as Interim Tax Collector in April.

He will remain in office until the November election determines who will finish
the remaining two years of the term vacated when former Tax Collector Gwendolyn
Miller retired.

kevin.turner@jacksonville.com, (904) 261-7606, ext. 6354.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Drew

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      May 26, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

Chemicals and Crime: A Truly Toxic Effect

Judy Mann

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C11; JUDY MANN

LENGTH: 975 words


Rates of violent crime can vary tremendously between American counties. For
example, one community may experience only 100 crimes per 100,000 people, while
another of about the same size and population may have more than 3,000 per
100,000.

Why such a huge difference?

Conventional thinkers blame poverty, lack of education and opportunity, and bad
role models. But a number of scientists and researchers now say there is
substantial evidence that environmental toxins such as lead and pesticides are
implicated, particularly when children are exposed to them early in life.

Let's focus on lead:

Herbert L. Needleman, of the University of Pittsburgh's School of Medicine, did
much of the influential research that led the government to ban lead in fuel in
1979. He was among the early researchers who established that children with
elevated lead levels had lower IQs, poor reading skills and problems paying
attention. Prompted by "Crime and Human Nature," a controversial book published
in the mid-1980s that explored the body's role in criminality, Needleman began
wondering what role lead exposure might play in criminal behavior.

He studied 300 7-year-old boys in primary school and measured their bone lead
concentration, then measured the burden of bone lead against reports of
antisocial behavior from the teachers, parents and the youngsters. He retested
the youngsters two years later and repeated the behavioral survey when they were
11 years old.

At age 7, parents did not report significant problems associated with lead,
although teachers were beginning to see social problems and delinquent and
aggressive behavior. By 11, both parents and teachers of high-lead children were
reporting significantly more social problems, delinquent and aggressive
behavior, acting out, anxiety and/or depression, and attention problems.
High-lead students also reported more delinquent behavior themselves. These
behavior problems "went up in direct relation to the lead levels in the bone,"
Needleman said in an interview.

He also found much higher lead rates in a group of juvenile delinquents than in
a control group. He used 416 youths--216 delinquents and 200 in a control group.
Adjusting for such factors as race, parental education, occupation, family size
and crime rate in the neighborhood the youths came from, he found those with
high lead levels were twice as likely to be delinquent than those with low
levels.

He estimates that 11 to 38 percent of the nation's delinquency is attributable
to high lead exposure, a finding he presented at a recent pediatric meeting in
Boston. Exposure has come down dramatically since lead was banned in gasoline in
1979. Needleman points out that violent crime has decreased across the country
in the past decade--the time when babies born in the late '70s would have
entered the period of maximum criminal activity--and SAT scores have gone up. "I
just think it's very interesting. It's like one piece of evidence."

Lead, he says, is "a brain poison." It creates biochemical changes that result
in lower IQ, an inability to sit still and language and reading problems. "The
brain is important in regulating behavior, particularly the prefrontal lobes.
They are involved in making decisions, choices, resisting impulses." A number of
studies of criminals have found disturbances in the prefrontal lobes. A study
Needleman did of young children exposed to lead in 1976 found those with
elevated levels were seven times more likely to fail out of high school 12 years
later, proving that the effects of lead are permanent. "If you don't have a high
school diploma and you can't read, you are going to have a hell of a time making
a living," he said.

Roger D. Masters, a Nelson A. Rockefeller professor of government emeritus at
Dartmouth College and president of the Foundation for Neuroscience and Society,
has broken the academic mold by combining chemistry and public policy, and it's
taken him right to the heavy metals such as lead, manganese and cadmium. "The
heavy metals affect the neurotransmitters," he said. "Manganese has the opposite
effect of Prozac. It reduced serotonin."

Masters has looked at the crime rates and found a disturbing correlation between
high lead rates in certain communities and the use of silicofluoride to
fluoridate water systems. In most of the states where he has measured high lead
levels, he has found them to be much higher when silicofluoride is in the water.
"If you look at violent crime, you find the same kind of thing. A kind of
doubling of the crime rates where silicofluoride is used. It seems to have the
effect of breaking down barriers between the blood and the gut. It appears that
silicofluoride increases the amount of toxins that get into the blood."

He looked at towns in Massachusetts that had more than 10 toxic spills over a
two-year period. If silicofluoride was not in the water, fewer than 1 percent of
children had high lead levels. If silicofluoride was in the water, five times as
many children had high lead levels.

"We've got to start looking seriously as a culture at what we are doing to
ourselves through chemistry. One clear effect is toxic chemicals can destroy
inhibitory systems and cause violence. Absorption of lead depends on a number of
things, and one is diet. Lead and calcium bind to the same place. A child
without calcium is likely to pick up more lead."

He closed the interview with the observation that the Roman Empire fell because
the Romans used lead to sweeten wine.

These researchers are crossing the borders between science and public policy,
and they are finding that environmental pollutants are key players in causing
violent behavior, as well as diseases. Their findings are so compelling, they
must be included in any master plan to reduce violence in this country.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Collection & Credit Risk

                                    May 2010

First Quarter Shows U.S. Businesses Are Making A Comeback: Experian

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21 Vol. 15 No. 4

LENGTH: 466  words


Experian, a global information services company, today announced that the
national average commercial risk score is up 2.4% and overall delinquencies have
declined since the beginning of the year.

The national average percentage of dollars delinquent has improved by 5.9%, and
the percentage of dollars 91-plus days delinquent has improved by 1.9%. The
findings are part of the company's Business Benchmark Report for March.

The report further reveals that businesses in states with large metropolitan
areas, such as California and Texas, had among the lowest rates of severe
delinquency, coming in at 14.8% and 28.8% below the national average. Other key
findings from this month's report include:

1. The national average commercial risk score was 58.60* in March, the third
consecutive month of improvement (a 2.4% increase in 2010), highlighting ongoing
improvement seen in the business sector overall.

2. Although down slightly from February, the education services and public
administration sectors have shown the greatest average risk score change,
improving by 8.3% and 9.8%, respectively, since December.

3. All geographic regions have shown marked improvement since December,
improving by as much as 8.7%. The Plains states continue to have the highest
risk score average of all geographic areas (62.56).

4. The largest businesses (those with more than 1,000 employees) have seen a
slight decrease in the average credit score from February, but have seen the
greatest improvement over the last six months, with a 1.3% improvement.

Percentage of dollars delinquent:

1. Overall, delinquencies are declining. The national average percentage of
dollars delinquent has improved by 5.9% since the beginning of the year, and the
percentage of dollars 91-plus days delinquent has improved by 1.9%.

2. Over the last six months, the average percentage of dollars delinquent has
improved by 1%. Large businesses with 500 to 999 employees and midsize
businesses with 100 to 249 employees have seen the greatest improvements at 2.1%
and 3.3%, respectively.

3. Texas, Arizona and California were among the areas with the lowest percentage
of dollars delinquent, with an average of 10.14%, 9.6% and 9.27%, respectively.
Additionally, California and Texas ranked among the areas with the lowest rates
of severe delinquency, coming in at 14.8% and 28.8% below the national average.

In other findings, average Days Beyond Terms for most business sizes showed
improvement in their payment behavior over the previous month month. The largest
changes came from midsize to large businesses, or those with 100 to 999
employees showing as much as a 5.8% improvement.

Finally, payment performance from all industry groups appears to be stabilizing,
with some industries showing signs of improvement over the last six months.

URL: http://www.creditcollectionsworld.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CCR


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 24, 2002 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

LESSONS;
Achievers and Delinquents Via Melting Pot Recipe

BYLINE:  By Richard Rothstein

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Education Page; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 793 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


A HISTORIC role of schools has been to "Americanize" immigrants. But sometimes
the more successful immigrant students are the least Americanized. The road to
assimilation may be more convoluted than we suspect.

Here on the east side of New Orleans, adolescents in the Vietnamese refugee
community follow two divergent paths. While most would ordinarily attend Reed
High School, their neighborhood school, the academically motivated ones apply to
an advanced studies program at Abramson High School, not far away. At Abramson,
Vietnamese are one-tenth of the students body but the immigrants shine
academically and have won every valedictorian and salutatorian honor for four
years.

Reed High School has a similar demographic mix of low-income black and
Vietnamese students, but no elite academic program. Many of the school's
Vietnamese adolescents are in gangs, mixed up with drugs and in trouble with the
police. Ethnic conflicts are not a problem; the Vietnamese and black students
get along well, but many of the immigrants adopt the most alienated youths as
role models.

Min Zhou and Carl L. Bankston III are sociologists who have studied this
contrast between Vietnamese achievers, most of whom choose Abramson, and the
delinquents, most of whom are in Reed. Professor Zhou, of the University of
California at Los Angeles, and Professor Bankston, of Tulane University,
conclude that achievers are usually the ones who assimilate slowly to American
culture. Delinquents are those who are quicker to abandon their ethnic heritage.

Young people who do well, the professors say, speak Vietnamese at home and with
each other. They go to church regularly with parents -- some are Buddhist, but
most belong to the Mary Queen of Vietnam Catholic Church. They celebrate ethnic
holidays like Tet, the Vietnamese New Year. Older siblings supervise homework of
the younger ones. The students feel obligated to parents, grandparents and even
unrelatedneighbors.

But delinquent youths are more often embarrassed by their parents' foreign ways,
and avoid speaking Vietnamese. They are more devoted to American youth music and
adopt gang-member or rock-star fashions.

These categories are not rigid -- children from a single family can go different
ways. Yet Anthony G. Tran, a social worker for Catholic Charities in New
Orleans, takes the distinctions seriously. Mr. Tran spends most of his time
mediating between courts, schools and families on behalf of delinquent youth.
But he spends increasing effort trying to preserve Vietnamese culture as a way
to keep students out of trouble.

Now, when judges have offenders report to Mr. Tran after school, he teaches
traditional dragon dance and Vietnamese holiday rituals as well as supervising
sports and homework. He tries to get Americanized youths to study their home
language and attend a Mass where they can worship with their parents in
Vietnamese.

Trinh Vu, this year's salutatorian at Abramson, said her parents and
grandparents encouraged her to succeed. But Trinh said many Vietnamese students
were attracted to gangs because their parents worked such long hours that
children doubted their parents' love, and sought peers' approval instead.

Joseph H. Murry, principal of Abramson, said he expected fewer high achievers as
time passed and ethnic identity waned. Dr. Murry noted that even successful
Vietnamese students now complained more often that their parents did not
understand them. With more time in this country, these achievers become more
Americanized and feel less of a family obligation to excel; unlike before, Dr.
Murry said, some now linger with the less motivated students when the bell
rings, and have to be prodded to come promptly to class.

Adolescent identity confusion can be a crisis for immigrants who are seduced by
music, dating practices and consumer products. Middle-class American students
can limit their involvement in youth culture to pursue scholastic goals that
teachers and parents drilled into them. But when immigrants assimilate too
quickly, gaps between their families and American peers are enormous. The
immigrants can then lose community ties that inhibit delinquency. If these
transitions can be slowed, youths may have a better chance.

In immigrant neighborhoods nationwide, it is uncertain whether schools can
reinforce the kind of cultural identity that Anthony Tran builds with community
and church institutions. But where such institutions cannot do the job, schools
may have to try to fill in.

Educators today debate whether immigrants should be taught in their parents'
language and about their own customs and history. Opponents of these practices
say that native language and bicultural instruction slows assimilation. Perhaps
so, and perhaps slowing it is not so bad.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (David Suter)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              June 6, 2005 Monday
                                  All Editions

Study finds juvenile delinquent girls likely to die violently

BYLINE: Dave Orrick, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 325 words


Juvenile delinquent girls in Cook County are nearly eight times more likely to
die violent deaths than their non-delinquent peers, according to a multiyear
study released today by Northwestern University medical school.

The disparity surprised the study's author, who said it shatters stereotypes
that troubled girls, while often victims of various social ills, are not
generally at significant risk of violent death.

Even though girls find their way into the juvenile justice system via a host of
nonviolent routes - from drug use to shoplifting - the data in the years-long
study of 657 girls age 10 to 18 was unmistakable, said Linda Teplin, a professor
of psychology at Northwestern's Feinberg School of Medicine.

Fourteen of those girls died during the study, nearly all in homicides.

"Who would have thought our study would find death rates in a sample that size?"
Teplin said. "We never intended to write a paper about death rates."

Previous studies by Teplin and her fellow researchers involving juvenile
delinquents dating back to 1995 have examined more traditional child welfare
issues among the poor, such as prevalence of multiple psychological disorders,
abuse rates and access to health care and education.

Among the study's other findings:

- Violent death among delinquent boys is more than four times greater than among
the general population of boys of the same age and race.

- Poor children and minorities are heavily over-represented in Cook County's
juvenile justice system.

While the study makes no policy recommendations, Teplin said it ought to give
many observers of youth violence pause. She pointed to figures that show 52 kids
were killed nationwide between 1990 and 2000 in media-covered school shootings,
while during the same period, 840 youths age 14 to 17 were killed in homicides
in New York City alone.

The study, "Violent Death in Delinquent Youth," is being published in the
current issue of the medical journal "Pediatrics."

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday

York official: 800 payment plans set, more than $100K paid for delinquent sewer
bills

BYLINE: Emily Opilo, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


May 02--YORK, Pa. -- Last time: In an effort to collect $14 million that is owed
to the city by delinquent sewer and trash customers, York officials are, for the
first time, planning to cut off water service to those who haven't paid their
sewer fees.

At least 4,000 customers are behind on their sewer and trash bills in some
capacity, but not all of them can be shut off at once, so the city issued a list
of the top 36 delinquent customers who owe the most. Shut-offs will begin at the
top of that list and, depending on the success of the program, move down from
there.

In April, the city offered an amnesty program for delinquent customers to begin
paying off their debts at a reduced rate before the shut-offs begin. Customers
could arrange to pay their monthly bills and a specified payment toward the debt
in exchange for the city dropping the interest accrued on that amount.

This time: About 800 payment plans have been established as a result of the
amnesty program, York City Council Vice President Henry Nixon said at a meeting
Tuesday night. And more than $100,000 in fees has been paid in full.

What's next: Water shut-offs won't begin right away, said Jeffrey Hines,
president and CEO of York Water Co. All customers will get at least 30 days'
notice from the city before their names are turned over the water company
officials, and rental properties will receive several more days, he said.

Also, state law allows water to be shut off for customers delinquent on sewer
fees, but trash fees cannot be used in that calculation, Hines said. The city
bills the two fees together, but the customers in line for water shut-offs will
be considered on the basis of sewer fees only, he said.

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120502-YO-York-official-800-payment-plans-set-more-than-100K-paid-for-
delinquent-sewer-bills-0502-20120502

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday

New Lackawanna County land bank holds first meeting

BYLINE: Jim Lockwood, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 486 words


Dec. 12--Launching Friday with high hopes, the Lackawanna County Land Bank
discussed immediate next steps and long-term goals.

Created earlier this year by the county commissioners, the land bank wants to
find productive uses for blighted and abandoned properties and get most of them
back onto tax rolls. State law empowers land banks to eliminate red tape and
hurdles that prevent redevelopment of abandoned, neglected properties.

One of the first steps might be to acquire properties from the county's
Repository Property List of tax-delinquent properties that did not sell in
judicial sales and are available for purchase.

Many such properties don't sell because back taxes and liens exceed assessments.
The land bank can scrub such properties of delinquencies or liens and produce
clear titles. The land bank typically won't pay for properties on the repository
list and would reach agreements for abatements of delinquent taxes.

In November, the repository contained 712 properties in the county owing a total
of $9.9 million in delinquent taxes. Of those, 520 are in Scranton and owe a
total of $8.2 million.

The land bank won't acquire all tax-delinquent properties that exist, said
Lackawanna County Economic Development Director George Kelly, a land bank board
member. A strategic approach would aim to return to tax rolls most properties
acquired, though some may go to nonprofit organizations.

Marie Schumacher of Scranton was happy to hear the main goal is to return
properties to tax rolls.

Delinquencies and liens often make acquisitions by nonprofit housing and
home-ownership advocacy organizations impossible, said Jesse Ergott, president
and CEO of the nonprofit NeighborWorks Northeastern Pennsylvania, who also is
chairman of the Lackawanna County Housing Coalition.

"This (land bank) changes the economics for organizations like ours and many
others that are doing development in the neighborhoods," Mr. Ergott said. "This
is fantastic progress. It's really exciting to get to this point."

"It could be a great thing if it's done the right way," said Dunmore Zoning
Board member Terrence McDonnell, a land bank board member.

Other members, who serve without compensation, include county Commissioner
Patrick O'Malley, Transportation Planning Manager Steve Pitoniak, real estate
appraiser Henry Deecke Jr., Scranton Office of Economic and Community
Development Executive Director Linda Aebli, and Marion Gatto of Lewith and
Freeman Real Estate.

The board set its next meeting for Jan. 8 at 10 a.m. at the county office
building at 200 Adams Ave. in Scranton, and discussed whether to meet on the
second Friday of each month.gave a presentation explaining goals Repository
Property List

Contact the writer: jlockwood@timesshamrock.com, @jlockwoodTT on Twitter

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151212-YT-New-Lackawanna-County-land-bank-holds-first-meeting-1212-20151212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              July 28, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

RANTS & RAVES

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 419 words


Comments from readers:

I'VE BEEN PAYING property taxes for 54 years. I think a club ought to be formed
called Faithful Taxpayers Club. The members won't pay any more taxes until all
delinquent taxes have been collected. Nothing has been done to the many
delinquent taxpayers; so nothing will happen to us. We are the gullible people
who keep paying taxes to cover for the delinquent ones. It isn't fair!

THIS IS A HUGE RAVE for all the nurses, patient care assistants and staff on the
ninth floor of University Hospital. I was in there recently for four or five
days and they were just fabulous and caring and made me just feel comfortable
and went out of their way to make sure all my needs were addressed. I am just
very, very thankful for their wonderful care and compassion.

A BIG RAVE FOR Father Michael Lubinsky, parochial vicar at the Church of the
Most Holy Trinity. Once a month, Father says mass for the veterans at the
Georgia War Veterans Nursing Home. Bless you and thank you, Father.

THIS IS A RANT TO the Augusta Southern Nationals. To take food and water away
from adults at the entrance in quest of the almighty dollar is one thing. But
when they go through a baby's diaper bag and take a small container of dried
Cheerios, a package of crackers, a small bottle of water and a little spray
bottle to keep her cool, that's gone too far. Shame on them.

I JUST WANT TO SAY that $30 million they're giving Lebanon sure would have come
in handy for the people in New Orleans, and they could still use it.

IT'S A REAL SHAME you have dropped Ann Coulter's articles. I'm sure the liberals
are really rejoicing at this news.

THIS IS A RANT. Why does Aiken County public schools charge a registration fee?
How can Aiken schools charge to attend a public school? This sounds like the
rant against Fox Creek with the athletic charge. What happens if parents don't
pay?

CAN ANYONE TELL ME where in the world is the City of Augusta's Street Cleaning
Machine? Is it in the shop for its 50,000-mile check up? Maybe the city pawned
it. My street has been covered with storm debris for two weeks.

I CAN'T WAIT until gas is over $5 or $10 a gallon. Americans might finally wake
up, but probably not because they're fat, happy, and ignorant.

THERE IS A SIMPLE and more logical manner to solve this sexual predator problem.
Since authorities know where the registered offenders reside, just relocate the
bus stops to insure they do not stop within 1,000 feet of their address. We are
only talking here about a little over 300 yards.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Keeping delinquents, families together

BYLINE: Archie Ingersoll Forum News Service

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 931 words


FARGO -- Across the country, many states are trying to slash the number of
juvenile delinquents ordered to live in correctional centers, group homes and
other facilities. Supporting this push, experts say, is clear evidence that
shows most delinquents fare better when they can stay with their families and in
their schools.

In line with this mindset, 49 states experienced a drop in the per-capita rate
of delinquents required to live at such facilities, with more than half of
states seeing a decline of over 50 percent from 2001 to 2013, according to a
recent analysis by the Pew Charitable Trusts, a national nonprofit group.

The only state bucking this trend was North Dakota. It saw an 18 percent rise
during this period -- a time when juvenile arrest rates fell in North Dakota and
around the nation.

North Dakota officials said they're not convinced that Pew's analysis, which
uses data from a federal survey, is an accurate representation of the state's
juvenile justice system. But they couldn't point to specific flaws in the data,
which shows that North Dakota's rate of youth per 100,000 who were ordered to
live in juvenile facilities climbed from 196 in 2001 to 231 in 2013.

Assistant state court administrator Scott Johnson said North Dakota's judges and
judicial referees balance public safety with the goal of doing what's best for
youth. That includes keeping delinquent kids, whenever possible, out of secure
facilities like the Youth Correctional Center in Mandan and non-secure sites
like group homes, Johnson said.

"Anytime you can serve kids closer to their home environment, that's the best
that we can all do," said Lisa Bjergaard, director of the Juvenile Services
Division at the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation.

Despite having concerns about the federal data, Bjergaard concedes that North
Dakota's rate of delinquents held at juvenile facilities hasn't declined over
the years, while other states like Montana and Minnesota have seen drastic drops
in step with the national average.

Bjergaard said a factor possibly contributing to North Dakota's steady rate is
the fact that rural communities often lack mental health and substance abuse
programs, so delinquents who need these services are sent to live at facilities
where they can receive them. In many cases, these kids are nonviolent, she said.

Some say this approach, which separates kids from their families and schools, is
misguided.

"The idea of locking a young person up in a facility far away from his home
couldn't be a worse way of trying to address a young person's needs," said Nate
Balis, director of the Juvenile Justice Strategy Group at the Annie E. Casey
Foundation.

Balis said living with other delinquents can lead a troubled youth further
astray and that confining a youth to a facility should be a final resort, used
only when there's a threat to public safety. Rather than spending money on
residential facilities, he said, funds should be put toward more community-based
services.

'We can help'

Like North Dakota, Montana faces challenges in serving delinquent youth in
remote places. But unlike North Dakota, Montana has managed to cut its rate of
delinquents ordered to live in juvenile facilities by more than half from 2001
to 2013, according to federal data.

Cindy McKenzie, administrator of the Youth Services Division at the Montana
Department of Corrections, credits this decline to the state's consistent
funding of early-intervention efforts, like afterschool programs, tutoring
programs and youth clubs, that target struggling kids before they're ever
ordered to stay in a facility.

"If they're just coming into probation, and they're having problems with school,
we can help with that. We can help with counseling, and we can do family
therapy. We can do a lot of that through this funding," McKenzie said.

Bjergaard said there's money for such programs in North Dakota, but it flows
through departments other than the Juvenile Services Division. She said much of
her division's early-intervention budget is spent on intensive in-home therapy
meant to divert kids out of juvenile court and on alternative classrooms for
kids at risk of losing their ties to school.

'A hard look'

Robin Olsen, a juvenile justice specialist for Pew, said research shows that
lengthy out-of-home placements can increase the chances of recidivism for some
youth. She said there's also evidence that the alternatives to making kids live
in facilities can be cheaper and more effective.

"I think states are really taking a hard look at that and seeing how they can
align their systems to that research," she said.

State Sen. Ron Carlisle, R-Bismarck, said these sorts of issues are ones that
North Dakota's Commission on Alternatives to Incarceration will examine.

So far, the commission, which Carlisle heads, has largely focused on trying to
reduce the number of incarcerated adults. Among the raft of bills the commission
recommended during this year's legislative session, only one of them dealt with
juveniles. That was a bill, passed into law, that eliminated the mandatory
transfer of juveniles to adult court in cases that involve making, delivering or
possessing drugs.

Rate of juveniles per 100,000 ordered to live in correctional centers, group
homes and other facilities

Rate of juveniles per 100,000 ordered to live in correctional centers, group
homes and other facilities

North Dakota

1997 ... 199

1999 ... 230

2001 ... 196

2003 ... 308

2006 ... 320

2007 ... 274

2010 ... 230

2011 ... 217

2013 ... 231

Source: U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency
Prevention

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 1, 2010 Monday

Dayton speeds foreclosures for $8M housing development

BYLINE: By Lucas Sullivan Staff Writer

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 307 words


DAYTON - A landmark move by Montgomery County is allowing Dayton to foreclose on
uninhabited, tax-delinquent properties to make way for an $8 million housing
project in one of the city's most blighted neighborhoods.

The city is using the expedited tax foreclosure process and federal stimulus
dollars to purchase about 80 parcels in the Roosevelt neighborhood - paying
about $1,200 for each in fees associated with deed transfer - that development
groups Miller-Valentine and St. Mary's Development Corp. will then turn into 40
lease-to-own, single-family homes starting late next year.

The city hopes its new Greater Dayton Recreation Center, 2021 W. Third St., and
the adjoining Dayton Public Schools Boys Academy is the spark that draws
families to the neighborhood.

The expedited process allows the city to foreclose on uninhabited properties
with higher delinquent property taxes than property value in a shorter time
frame than a traditional foreclosure.

The process also scrubs the delinquent property taxes.

Cases are handled through the county's Board of Revision making the turnaround
time about six months versus up to 24 months if handled by the courts.

Dayton agreed Wednesday to purchase its first batch in the Roosevelt
neighborhood - 21 properties near Kilmer and Clem-mer streets - but in doing so
wiped clean about $207,000 in delinquent taxes.

"The hope we have of collecting the delinquent taxes is long gone," county
deputy treasurer Paul Robinson said. "Getting these properties back into
productive use is our main focus."

Aaron Sorrell, the city's director of housing and neighborhood development, said
about 700 properties in the city are eligible for expedited foreclosure, at
least 2,000 in the county, county officials said.

"We don't have the resources to address all 700," Sorrell said. "But we plan to
do as many as we can."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Some properties on North Mathison Street just north of the Greater
Dayton Recreation Center are among 80 that will be purchased with federal
stimulus money and redeveloped. Staff photo by Chris Stewart

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

More late tax bills paid

BYLINE: By Sylvia Cooper< Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 505 words


Eight of the 15 biggest delinquent Richmond County property tax bills listed in
a recent Augusta Chronicle article have been paid, and several other large
accounts were paid in the process.

Wade Doggett, the CEO of Properties Management Group of Greensboro, N.C., has
paid two delinquent bills in the top 15 and another one that didn't make the
list.

Doggett told The Chronicle on Wednesday that the checks would be sent that day
to pay a $92,525.62 delinquent tax bill for Iron Horse Apartments on Stevens
Creek Road and a $63,761.28 overdue bill for Spicewood Apartments on Wheeler
Road. Those accounts were paid Friday, along with another PMG tax bill for
$35,867.01 on Thornberry Apartments at 3204 Skinner Mill Road.

Another company paid a delinquent tax bill that was 13th on the list, as well as
bills that were overdue for six other properties. Jerath Hospitality LLC, DBA
Comfort Inn, 1455 Walton Way, paid $48,475.37 in real estate taxes Thursday, as
well as $8,911.59 in personal property taxes. Jerath also paid:

a $19,204 tax bill for property at 1103 15th St.

an $1,822 personal property tax bill for 1103 15th St.

a $17,958.72 tax bill for property at 2626 Peach Orchard Road

a $1,622.13 personal property tax bill for 2626 Peach Orchard Road

On Nov. 30, FPL Foods LLC, DBA Shapiro Meat Packing, paid two delinquent tax
bills that were on the top-15 list - $64,293.43 on real estate at 1301 N.
Savannah Road and $54,788.28 on personal property and inventory at 1150 Fifth
St.

Other bills paid include:

USPG Portfolio One LLC, $108,876.64 in real estate taxes on the Sam's building
at 596 Bobby Jones Expressway on Nov. 22.

USPG Portfolio One, $82,895.62 in late real estate taxes on the Walmart building
at 594 Bobby Jones Expressway.

AOA Investment Co. LLC for Augusta Oncology, 3606 Wheeler Road, $44,312.40.

Still unpaid are:

The top delinquent account of $143,716.96 on National Hills shopping center at
2701 Washington Road, owned by Abernathy Tim-berlake Investment Group.

RDC Properties LLC, which owes $92,048.65 for the SunTrust Building at 801 Broad
St.

RDC Properties LLC, $69,983.91 for the Lamar Building at 753 Broad St.

USPG Portfolio One LLC, $61,179.69 on a portion of Walmart in Richmond County at
590 Bobby Jones Expressway.

Purohit & Associates LLC, $59,033.10 for the Staybridge Hotel and Suites, 2540
Center West Parkway.

USA, DBA Huron Tech Chemical, 2360 Doug Barnard Parkway, $58,348.12.

Cascades Pointe at Augusta LLC for College Station Apartments, 3105 Wrightsboro
Road, $39,466.84. The property is now controlled by Hediger Enterprises.

Augusta hotelier Jugal Purohit, owner of Staybridge Hotel & Suites and four
other hotels in Augusta, said that his property taxes will be paid but that he
does not have the money to pay them now because of the economy.

Purohit said if his businesses fold 60 people will lose their jobs and Richmond
County will lose $750,000 in taxes. He also said taxes on two of his hotels are
not due until Jan. 15.

Reach Sylvia Cooper at (706) 823-3228 or sylvia.cooper@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday

BH shutting off deadbeat water customers: Residents with delinquent accounts
have until March 31 to make payment arrangements

BYLINE: Evan Goodenow, The Herald-Palladium, St. Joseph, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


Mar. 18--BENTON HARBOR -- Pay up or dry out.

Under a new city edict, delinquent water customers have until March 31 to make
payment arrangements or have their water shut off soon.

"I strongly urge all delinquent customers to contact the bill payment center as
soon as possible," City Manager Ronald Carter Jr. said at Monday night's City
Commission meeting. "We have now come to a day when it's time to pay."

Carter said the shutoffs have been a long time coming after fruitless
negotiations with Benton Township, whose residents owed about $369,000 to the
city at the end of the 2008-09 fiscal year. Township officials and residents
have long complained of erroneous billing by the city.

As of Dec. 4, Carter said, 795 of the 2,233 delinquent accounts were in Benton
Township. About 90 percent of the delinquent accounts were for $300 or less,
with 66 percent for $100 or less.

In January, Carter said the city had collected $678,000 of the combined $1.37
million in delinquent sewer, trash and water fees owed by Benton Harbor
residents as well as residents of Benton, St. Joseph, Sodus and Hagar townships.
Updated collection figures weren't available Wednesday.

Carter said the city chose March 31 as a way to avoid shutoffs during the winter
and to give advance notice to landlords who have delinquent customers. Under a
tentative agreement that needs City Commission approval, the city will notify
landlords if tenants are 60 days delinquent.

After 90 days of delinquency, delinquent fees will be taken from tenants'
deposits, with tenants having another 120 days to make the deposit whole.

Once the deposit is exhausted, the landlord can evict the tenant or pay the
account.

"It gives the landlord some flexibility about what they can do before they start
incurring costs," Carter said Tuesday. "Right now landlords are finding out
about this stuff when we put it on their taxes. This will let the landlords know
four to five months before that occurs."

The city is planning to buy equipment this summer that will allow for electronic
meter reading to avoid billing mistakes and will offer customers the option of a
monthly prorated plan.

egoodenow@TheH-P.com

To see more of The Herald-Palladium, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldpalladium.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald-Palladium, St.
Joseph, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100318-ZJ-BH-shutting-off-deadbeat-water-customers-0318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZJ


                      Copyright 2010 The Herald-Palladium


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 17, 1993, Thursday

Courthouse sales boost tax receipts

BYLINE: By Actor Cordell STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section H; Page 3

LENGTH: 458 words


Look for more tax sales to take place on the Fulton County Courthouse steps.

That's one of the means county tax officials are considering to more
aggressively pursue delinquent taxes.

Tax Commissioner Sondra R. Burnett said she has even thought of buying newspaper
space to list names, addresses and amounts owed, but that idea has been put on
hold indefinitely.

The county started the year with unpaid personal and property taxes at $ 72.9
million, and by May had whittled the figure to $ 52.8 million, with $ 19.9
million in collections and $ 207,733 in adjustments - not bad, but not good
enough, the officials say.

Delinquent tax totals have been increasing for the past two years, and laggards
"do need to understand that we are going to collect these taxes," said tax
administrator Thomas G. Biggers.

Sales at the courthouse - the last resort - take place 10 times a year, usually
on the first Tuesday of the month at 10 a.m.

"We would like to have more bidders show up," said Mr. Biggers, who sees
boosting public awareness and frequency of the sales as potential benefit to the
county.

Fulton's percentage of delinquent tax collections is considerably lower that
those in surrounding counties, but the collection process is much more complex,
said Mr. Biggers.

The county's winding up with $ 72 million in taxes owed it for one year "did not
evolve overnight and literally is about a 25-to 30-year evolution of taxes not
being collected," he said.

Fulton's program called TACT - Targeted Ad Valorem Collection Technique - now
starts with a phone call to a delinquent taxpayer, followed by four letters,
with increasing urgency each time until the last letter says the tax
commissioner's office is getting ready to put the property on sale.

There's no such thing as a delinquent taxpayer profile, said Ms. Burnett. They
run the socio-economic gamut.  "The most interesting thing is that when they
come in, they want to negotiate on paying interest or penalty," said Ms.
Burnett. "No matter how unique their individual story may be, taxes are not
negotiable. Interest is 1 percent a month.

"If we don't collect the year the tax becomes delinquent, the likelihood becomes
slimmer and slimmer," she said.

Cecilia Williams, delinquent tax administrator, said she has "four people out in
county cars who are collecting all day long."

She has had no reports of people running out the back door.

In some delinquent tax cases in her community in south Fulton, she personally
delivers bills, and payments are left in her mailbox and handed to her at
church.

"You have to have some humor somewhere along the line because there's so much
tragedy involved with people losing their business and going bankrupt," said
Mrs. Williams.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931690465

GRAPHIC: Photo: Let the bidding begin: Delinquent Tax Administrator Cecilia
Williams (center) conducts a sale on the Fulton County Courthouse steps.
Assisting her are William Durham, tax specialist, and Judy Dunn, chief deputy
tax commissioner. Sales take place 10 times a year. / ACTOR CORDELL / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            April 28, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BILL EMPOWERS CONDO HOAS HURT BY DELINQUENT OWNERS

BYLINE: By KIMBERLY MILLER Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Desperate condominium associations, struggling with delinquent investors and
lengthy foreclosure proceedings, would be awarded more back fees and have the
power to bypass owners to collect rent, in a bill Florida lawmakers are
considering this week.

The proposal has already passed the Senate with a unanimous vote and was given
initial approval in the House on Tuesday. The bill (SB 1196) is expected to come
up for a final vote in the House before the last day of the 2010 legislative
session Friday.

Condo associations suffered during the real estate crash, as investors walked
away from units rapidly losing value. At the same time, overwhelmed banks are
taking up to two years to foreclose, which means that association fees that
cover security, landscaping, maintenance, insurance and sometimes cable and
water go unpaid.

"It damages the life of everyone in the community," said Itay Avital, president
of Emerald Isle at Laguna Lakes condominium association in West Palm Beach,
where about 60 percent of the owners are delinquent on their fees. "The first
thing a board does is see where it can cut costs."

The proposed law would require lenders to pay a full year's worth of back fees
when they take title to a property through foreclosure or deed in lieu of
foreclosure. Current law requires them to pay only six months of fees.

Also, associations would be able to directly collect rent from tenants living in
units of delinquent owners, something that currently requires a court order
called a blanket receivership. And non-paying owners or tenants renting units of
delinquent owners could be banned from common areas, such as the pool or
clubhouse.

Rep. Ellyn Bogdanoff, R- Fort Lauderdale, sponsored the bill, the only major
condo proposal being considered this year.

Condo law experts and those managing associations say the bill looks great on
paper, but they aren't sure how effective it will be.

Mark Quinn, president of Banyan Property Management in West Palm Beach, manages
four condo communities that were awarded blanket receiverships this year. But
when the associations went to collect the rent, tenants would "leave in the
middle of the night," he said. "When we finally got the court order, they just
left because they weren't paying the owner anyway."

Boca Raton attorney Eric Glazer questioned the ability of an association to
enforce a rule banning owners from common areas. "I don't want to see a member
of the board get punched out," Glazer said.

But Glazer praised a portion of the bill that gives associations more time to
install fire sprinklers in certain common areas from 2014 to 2019. "The cost in
some buildings will be millions of dollars," he said.

~kimberly_Miller@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  LEGISLATURE 2010 THE POST IN TALLAHASSEE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    April 4, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MSD WOULD CUT WATER SERVICE OF LATE PAYERS

BYLINE: Fred W. Lindecke Missouri Political Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 271 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


The Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District is working on a way to get delinquent
customers to pay up. It wants to cut off their water. Separate bills have been
passed by the House and Senate to allow sewer companies to contract with water
companies to cut off water service to customers who fail to pay sewer bills.
The bills would apply to sewer and water companies statewide. In the St.  Louis
area, that means the MSD, which serves St. Louis and most of St.  Louis County.
Terry Briggs, spokesman for MSD, said the sewer company had more than 18,000
delinquent accounts worth $9 million. Last year, he said, MSD wrote off $2.8
million in delinquent accounts as uncollectible.  Briggs said 13,000 of these
delinquent accounts were for single-family residences, about 4,000 were
apartments and the rest were commercial accounts.  The biggest delinquent
account is an apartment that owes $296,000, Briggs said.  If the bill becomes
law, Briggs said MSD would start cutting off the biggest delinquencies first.
"It could be a long time before we get to single-family homes," he said.
Besides those who cannot afford to pay the sewer bill, Briggs said, "Some people
thumb their nose at us because they know we can't shut off the sewer." Bill
Bosse, St. Louis water commissioner, said, "We can work with MSD." But he said
the city water division would have to be compensated by MSD for the lost water
revenue and the cost of sending crews out to turn water on and off.  Thomas
Reeder, vice president of St. Louis County Water Co., said the firm was in
negotiations with MSD on terms for cutting off water service.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Order Instituting Administrative Proceedings and Notice of Hearing

LENGTH: 1200  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has published the
following document:


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Before the
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Release No. 73618 / November 18, 2014
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING
File No. 3-16282


In the Matter of

All-American Care Centers, Inc.,  ORDER INSTITUTING
FDH, Inc.,  ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS
Stirrup Creek Gold Ltd., and  AND NOTICE OF HEARING
USN Communications, Inc. (n/k/a CTBB  PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(j) OF
 Holdings, Inc.),  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
  OF 1934
  Respondents.




I.

  The Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") deems it necessary and
appropriate for the protection of investors that public administrative
proceedings be, and hereby are, instituted pursuant to Section 12(j) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") against Respondents
All-American Care Centers, Inc., FDH, Inc., Stirrup Creek Gold Ltd., and USN
Communications, Inc. (n/k/a CTBB Holdings, Inc.).

II.

  After an investigation, the Division of Enforcement alleges that:

A. RESPONDENTS

1. All-American Care Centers, Inc. (CIK No. 1231073) is a dissolved Florida
corporation located in Oak Brook, Illinois with a class of securities registered
with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). All-American is
delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any
periodic reports since it filed a Form 10-QSB for the perioded ended September
30, 2007, which reported a net loss of $7,750 for the prior nine months.

2. FDH, Inc. (CIK No. 946459) is a dissolved Colorado corporation located in
Denver, Colorado with a class of securities registered with the Commission
pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). FDH is delinquent in its periodic
filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic reports since it
filed a Form 10-QSB for the period ended July 31, 1998, which reported a net
loss of $3,148 from the company's February 10, 1992 inception to July 31, 1998.


3. Stirrup Creek Gold Ltd. (CIK No. 894157) is a British Columbia corporation
located in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada with a class of securities
registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). Stirrup
Creek is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not
filed any periodic reports since it filed a Form 20-F/R on March 24, 1997, which
reported a deficit of $370,029 (Canadian) for the year ended April 30, 1996.

4. USN Communications, Inc. (n/k/a CTBB Holdings, Inc.) (CIK No. 926134) is a
merged Delaware corporation located in Chicago, Illinois with a class of
securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section
12(g). USN is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not
filed any periodic reports since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 1998, which reported a net loss of over $67 million for the prior
three months.

B. DELINQUENT PERIODIC FILINGS

5. As discussed in more detail above, all of the Respondents are delinquent in
their periodic filings with the Commission, have repeatedly failed to meet their
obligations to file timely periodic reports, and failed to heed delinquency
letters sent to them by the Division of Corporation Finance requesting
compliance with their periodic filing obligations or, through their failure to
maintain a valid address on file with the Commission as required by Commission
rules, did not receive such letters.

6. Exchange Act Section 13(a) and the rules promulgated thereunder require
issuers of securities registered pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12 to file
with the Commission current and accurate information in periodic reports, even
if the registration is voluntary under Section 12(g). Specifically, Rule 13a-1
requires issuers to file annual reports, and Rule 13a-13 requires domestic
issuers to file quarterly reports.

7. As a result of the foregoing, Respondents failed to comply with Exchange Act
Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and/or 13a-13 thereunder.

III.

  In view of the allegations made by the Division of Enforcement, the Commission

deems it necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors that public
administrative proceedings be instituted to determine:

  A.  Whether the allegations contained in Section II hereof are true and, in
connection therewith, to afford the Respondents an opportunity to establish any
defenses to such allegations; and,

2
  B.  Whether it is necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors to
suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months, or revoke the registration of
each class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act
of the
Respondents identified in Section II hereof, and any successor under Exchange
Act Rules 12b-2 or 12g-3, and any new corporate names of any Respondents.

IV.

  IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that a public hearing for the purpose of taking
evidence on the questions set forth in Section III hereof shall be convened at a
time and place to be fixed, and before an Administrative Law Judge to be
designated by further order as provided by Rule 110 of the Commission's Rules of
Practice [17 C.F.R. § 201.110].

  IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that Respondents shall file an Answer to
the allegations contained in this Order within ten (10) days after service of
this Order, as provided by Rule 220(b) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17
C.F.R. § 201.220(b)].

  If Respondents fail to file the directed Answers, or fail to appear at a
hearing after being duly notified, the Respondents, and any successor under
Exchange Act Rules 12b-2 or 12g-3, and any new corporate names of any
Respondents, may be deemed in default and the proceedings may be determined
against them upon consideration of this Order, the allegations of which may be
deemed to be true as provided by Rules 155(a), 220(f), 221(f), and 310 of the
Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §§ 201.155(a), 201.220(f), 201.221(f),
and 201.310].

  This Order shall be served forthwith upon Respondents personally or by
certified, registered, or Express Mail, or by other means permitted by the
Commission Rules of Practice.

  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Administrative Law Judge shall issue an
initial decision no later than 120 days from the date of service of this Order,
pursuant to Rule 360(a)(2) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §
201.360(a)(2)].

  In the absence of an appropriate waiver, no officer or employee of the
Commission engaged in the performance of investigative or prosecuting functions
in this or any factually related proceeding will be permitted to participate or
advise in the decision of this matter, except as witness or counsel in
proceedings held pursuant to notice. Since this proceeding is not "rule making"
within the meaning of Section 551 of the Administrative Procedure Act, it is not
deemed subject to the provisions of Section 553 delaying the effective date of
any final Commission action.

  By the Commission.


              Brent J. Fields              Secretary
3


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Trustee Sale No.: Yates 0715013PCM APN: 930-83-056 Title

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: New York



 Denver: The state of Colorado has issued the following public notice:



 Trustee Sale No.: Yates 0715013PCM APN: 930-83-056 Title Order No. 736504
NOTICE OF TRUSTEE'S SALE YOU ARE IN DEFAULT UNDER A NOTICE OF DELINQUENT
ASSESSMENT RECORDED 5/28/2015. UNLESS YOU TAKE ACTION TO PROTECT YOUR PROPERTY,
IT MAY BE SOLD AT A PUBLIC SALE. IF YOU NEED AN EXPLANATION OF THE NATURE OF THE
PROCEEDINGS AGAINST YOU, YOU SHOULD CONTACT A LAWYER. on 9/13/2016 at 3:00 PM.,
McIntyre Law Group as the duly appointed trustee will sell[ all right, title and
interest held by the trustee, but without covenant or warranty, express or
implied, regarding title, possession, or encumbrances, to satisfy to the
obligation secured by the lien as set forth in that certain Notice of Delinquent
Assessment, recorded on 5/28/2015 as Document No. 2015000276345 of Official
Records in the Office of the Recorder of Orange County, California, wherein this
office is the duly appointed trustee.

The original trustor (record owner at the time the Notice of Delinquent
Assessment was recorded) was Joan Ellen Yates. WILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION TO
THE HIGHEST BIDDER FOR CASH, (payable at time of sale in lawful money of the
United States, by cash, a cashier's check drawn by a State or national bank, a
check drawn by a state of federal credit union, or a check drawn by a state or
federal savings and loan association, savings association, or savings bank
specified in section 5102 of the Financial Code and authorized to do business in
this state.) At: On the front steps to the entrance of the Orange Civic Center
300 E. Chapman Orange, California 92866 All right, title and interest under said
Notice of Delinquent Assessment in the property situated in said County,
describing the land as follows: as more fully described in the above referenced
Notice of Delinquent Assessment. The street address and other common
designation, if any of the real property described above is purported to be: 119
Montana Del Lago Drive Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688 This sale is subject to
a 90-day right of redemption pursuant to Civil Code 5715. The undersigned
Trustee disclaims any liability for any incorrectness of the street address and
other common designation, if any, shown herein. Said sale will be made, but
without covenant or warranty, expressed or implied, regarding title, possession,
or encumbrances, to pay the remaining principal sum due under said Notice of
Delinquent Assessment, with interest thereon, as provided in said notice,
advances, if any, reasonably estimated fees, charges, and expenses of the
Trustee, reasonably estimated to be $13,061.22. Accrued Interest and additional
advances, if any, will increase this figure prior to sale. The claimant, Montana
del Lago Maintenance Corporation, under said Notice of Delinquent Assessment
heretofore executed and delivered to the undersigned a written Declaration of
Default and Demand for Sale, and a written Notice of Default and Election to
Sell. The undersigned caused said Notice of Default and Election to Sell to be
recorded in the county where the real property is located and more than three
months have elapsed since such recordation. The Trustee authorized by the
Association to enforce the lien by sale is Nathan T. McIntyre dba McIntyre Law
Group, 166 W. Ramsey St., Banning, CA, 92220; phone (714) 893-9919. For Sales
Information Please Call 888-988-6736 or Visit This Internet Web Site
www.salestrack.tdsf.com  We are a debt collector attempting to collect a debt.
Any information obtained from you will be used for that purpose. Date: 8/8/2016
McIntyre Law Group 166 W. Ramsey St. Banning, CA 92220 Valerie Whittey, Account
Manager TAC: 1408 PUB: 8/19/16, 8/26/16, 9/02/16 The Saddleback Valley News To
view the address and obtain directions to this foreclosed home before it goes on
the market, text 10188837 to 56654





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.info

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 29, 2007 Sunday

LOCKED OUT ON HOME LIFE

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1258 words


W\u2009elcome to the neighborhood. Don't forget to cut your grass, wave to the
neighbors and, of course, pay the mortgage.

Pretty simple, right?

Not for thousands of Kansans who are finding the American dream of home
ownership increasingly difficult to achieve.

As recently as December, there were 4,220 homes in foreclosure across the state,
and another 7,385 home loans were seriously delinquent, meaning more than 90
days in arrears, said John Santner, district director with NeighborWorks
America, a Neighborhood Reinvestment Corp. based in Kansas City, Mo.

Kansas is experiencing foreclosure rates higher than the national average for
virtually all types of mortgages, he said. A total of 1.32 percent of all
mortgages were in foreclosure in Kansas in late 2006, higher than the 1.19
percent elsewhere in the United States.

Robert Baker, counselor and education coordinator with Housing and Credit
Counseling, said Kansans are strapped with credit card debts, reduced income,
job losses and medical hardships. Homeowners are struggling to pay higher
monthly payments on mortgages with interest rates that climb in the second and
third year of the loans. And Americans have little savings.

The U.S. Commerce Department's Bureau of Economic Analysis said Americans spent
more than they earned in 2005 - creating a negative savings rate of 0.5 percent
for the year.

"The middle class is getting squeezed," Baker said. "They've become accustomed
to a lifestyle that they can no longer afford."

Subprime mortgages

While the foreclosure rate has historically hovered at about 1 percent of all
outstanding loans, the nation is witnessing a dramatic growth in the foreclosure
rate for subprime loans and "exotic mortgages," Santner said.

Mortgage brokers offer subprime adjustable rate mortgages to buyers with poor
credit. The interest rate is inexpensive on the front end. But the interest rate
climbs in the second or third year, increasing monthly payments by up to 30
percent, Santner said. Such loans are often tied to the prime rate - currently
at 8.25 percent. Sometimes the loan will increase to 2 or 3 points over prime -
making the interest rate as much as 10.2 percent to 11.2 percent.

"This escalator clause is rarely explained to anyone," said Steve Hermes,
management consultant for communications and public affairs for NeighborWorks
America, Kansas City, Mo.

A recent study by the Center for Responsible Lending suggests almost 20 percent
of Kansas' subprime loans could end in foreclosure.

Topeka has a higher level of delinquent subprime mortgages than Wichita and
Lawrence. The delinquent portion of subprime mortgages in Topeka in 2006 was
13.92 percent, up from 10.57 percent a year earlier.

The delinquent portion of subprime mortgages in Wichita in 2006 was 12.64
percent. In Lawrence, the delinquent rate was 11.5 percent, according to
estimates from First American LoanPerformance and the Census Bureau.

Jerry Brown, general manager of Kaw Valley Home Loans Inc., a subsidiary of Kaw
Valley State Bank & Trust in Topeka, said about 25 percent of their mortgages
are subprime loans.

"Normally we try to do a fixed rate, but that is not always possible. It's the
customer's option," Brown said.

He said Kaw Valley generates the loans locally but sells them on the secondary
market. Because the loans are sold, he said, Kaw Valley doesn't track them.

"I don't see it being a dire situation in Topeka," he said. "It will kind of
straighten itself out."

But Baker said today he sees more clients in northeast Kansas with complicated
financial problems than in the past.

Marilyn Stanley, spokeswoman with Housing and Credit Counseling in Topeka, said
some families are forced to downsize to live within their means. And downsizing
can be painful.

While experts say homeowners shouldn't spend more than 30 percent of their
income on housing, "a lot of people are at 50 percent," Stanley said. "That
doesn't leave room for gas and utilities."

Brown said he, too, sees homeowners spending up to 50 percent of their income on
mortgages, but if owning a home is a priority, they find a way to make the
payments.

Lawrence market

Only 4.9 percent of all mortgages are subprime mortgages in Lawrence, compared
with 10.53 percent in Topeka and 10.95 percent in Wichita.

Baker said there are fewer subprime mortgages in Lawrence because housing is
more expensive there. Topeka and Wichita have more low-income housing.

An entry-level, two-bedroom house typically sells for $120,000 in Lawrence,
Baker said. It isn't uncommon to see three-bedroom homes in Lawrence sell for
$180,000.

"It's hard to make a subprime mortgage for $180,000," he said. "It's easy to get
a subprime mortgage for $50,000 in Topeka."

Neighborhood demise

Experts say home ownership will improve a neighborhood because homeowners tend
to take care of their property. But a foreclosure leaves a neighborhood with a
vacant house that might otherwise be healthy and vital, said Hermes, of
NeighborWorks America.

"It's an economic problem for the neighborhood, the city and the bank," Hermes
said.

The bank might be in California or Germany, he said. The bank will look at it
like a blip on the balance sheet. So it will sell the foreclosed house to
whatever bidder at 60 cents on the dollar. The investor buys it and converts it
into a rental, he said.

One study by Duda Apgar called "Collateral Damage: The Municipal Impact of
Today's Mortgage Foreclosure Boom" says a foreclosure on a single-family home,
especially one left vacant, may generate $30,000 in losses per property.

Baker said Detroit, damaged by the declining auto sector, has seen neighborhoods
decimated by foreclosures.

Hermes said lenders often pair up with mortgage brokers who pitch the adjustable
rate mortgages to people who don't qualify for a prime loan from such financial
institutions as Capitol Federal Savings.

Jack Huey, chief lending officer for Capitol Federal, said the financial
institution doesn't offer subprime mortgages.

"Capitol Federal has sound lending policies and strong underwriting principles
that mitigate credit risk for the various programs that we offer, resulting in
low default rates," Huey said.

When someone doesn't qualify for a loan, Capitol Federal encourages the person
to improve his or her financial situation. He also recommends contacting the
local Housing and Credit Counseling office for educational homeownership and
budgeting counseling.

Regulation needed

A top federal regulator recently endorsed congressional efforts to pass
legislation cracking down on predatory lending.

"We believe that the time has come for national anti-predatory lending standards
applicable to all mortgage lenders," Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. chairwoman
Sheila Bair told a House Financial Services subcommittee.

Bair suggested predatory lending legislation could require lenders to take into
account a borrower's ability to repay a loan at its full cost, not just on an
initial, low teaser payment, and crack down on confusing and misleading
marketing and prepayment penalties.

Stanley, of Housing and Credit Counseling, said there are alternatives besides
foreclosure, such as putting the past-due amount at the end of the loan.

"There's other options, but some people wait until it is too late," she said.

She recommended struggling homeowners assess their entire financial situation.
While setting priorities, she said, cut out expenses that aren't needed. To get
help, call Housing and Credit Counseling at (785) 234-0217 or (800) 383-0217.

Michael Hooper can be reached at (785)295-1293 or michael.hooper@cjonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 29, 2007 Sunday

LOCKED OUT ON HOME LIFE

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1258 words


W\u2009elcome to the neighborhood. Don't forget to cut your grass, wave to the
neighbors and, of course, pay the mortgage.

Pretty simple, right?

Not for thousands of Kansans who are finding the American dream of home
ownership increasingly difficult to achieve.

As recently as December, there were 4,220 homes in foreclosure across the state,
and another 7,385 home loans were seriously delinquent, meaning more than 90
days in arrears, said John Santner, district director with NeighborWorks
America, a Neighborhood Reinvestment Corp. based in Kansas City, Mo.

Kansas is experiencing foreclosure rates higher than the national average for
virtually all types of mortgages, he said. A total of 1.32 percent of all
mortgages were in foreclosure in Kansas in late 2006, higher than the 1.19
percent elsewhere in the United States.

Robert Baker, counselor and education coordinator with Housing and Credit
Counseling, said Kansans are strapped with credit card debts, reduced income,
job losses and medical hardships. Homeowners are struggling to pay higher
monthly payments on mortgages with interest rates that climb in the second and
third year of the loans. And Americans have little savings.

The U.S. Commerce Department's Bureau of Economic Analysis said Americans spent
more than they earned in 2005 - creating a negative savings rate of 0.5 percent
for the year.

"The middle class is getting squeezed," Baker said. "They've become accustomed
to a lifestyle that they can no longer afford."

Subprime mortgages

While the foreclosure rate has historically hovered at about 1 percent of all
outstanding loans, the nation is witnessing a dramatic growth in the foreclosure
rate for subprime loans and "exotic mortgages," Santner said.

Mortgage brokers offer subprime adjustable rate mortgages to buyers with poor
credit. The interest rate is inexpensive on the front end. But the interest rate
climbs in the second or third year, increasing monthly payments by up to 30
percent, Santner said. Such loans are often tied to the prime rate - currently
at 8.25 percent. Sometimes the loan will increase to 2 or 3 points over prime -
making the interest rate as much as 10.2 percent to 11.2 percent.

"This escalator clause is rarely explained to anyone," said Steve Hermes,
management consultant for communications and public affairs for NeighborWorks
America, Kansas City, Mo.

A recent study by the Center for Responsible Lending suggests almost 20 percent
of Kansas' subprime loans could end in foreclosure.

Topeka has a higher level of delinquent subprime mortgages than Wichita and
Lawrence. The delinquent portion of subprime mortgages in Topeka in 2006 was
13.92 percent, up from 10.57 percent a year earlier.

The delinquent portion of subprime mortgages in Wichita in 2006 was 12.64
percent. In Lawrence, the delinquent rate was 11.5 percent, according to
estimates from First American LoanPerformance and the Census Bureau.

Jerry Brown, general manager of Kaw Valley Home Loans Inc., a subsidiary of Kaw
Valley State Bank & Trust in Topeka, said about 25 percent of their mortgages
are subprime loans.

"Normally we try to do a fixed rate, but that is not always possible. It's the
customer's option," Brown said.

He said Kaw Valley generates the loans locally but sells them on the secondary
market. Because the loans are sold, he said, Kaw Valley doesn't track them.

"I don't see it being a dire situation in Topeka," he said. "It will kind of
straighten itself out."

But Baker said today he sees more clients in northeast Kansas with complicated
financial problems than in the past.

Marilyn Stanley, spokeswoman with Housing and Credit Counseling in Topeka, said
some families are forced to downsize to live within their means. And downsizing
can be painful.

While experts say homeowners shouldn't spend more than 30 percent of their
income on housing, "a lot of people are at 50 percent," Stanley said. "That
doesn't leave room for gas and utilities."

Brown said he, too, sees homeowners spending up to 50 percent of their income on
mortgages, but if owning a home is a priority, they find a way to make the
payments.

Lawrence market

Only 4.9 percent of all mortgages are subprime mortgages in Lawrence, compared
with 10.53 percent in Topeka and 10.95 percent in Wichita.

Baker said there are fewer subprime mortgages in Lawrence because housing is
more expensive there. Topeka and Wichita have more low-income housing.

An entry-level, two-bedroom house typically sells for $120,000 in Lawrence,
Baker said. It isn't uncommon to see three-bedroom homes in Lawrence sell for
$180,000.

"It's hard to make a subprime mortgage for $180,000," he said. "It's easy to get
a subprime mortgage for $50,000 in Topeka."

Neighborhood demise

Experts say home ownership will improve a neighborhood because homeowners tend
to take care of their property. But a foreclosure leaves a neighborhood with a
vacant house that might otherwise be healthy and vital, said Hermes, of
NeighborWorks America.

"It's an economic problem for the neighborhood, the city and the bank," Hermes
said.

The bank might be in California or Germany, he said. The bank will look at it
like a blip on the balance sheet. So it will sell the foreclosed house to
whatever bidder at 60 cents on the dollar. The investor buys it and converts it
into a rental, he said.

One study by Duda Apgar called "Collateral Damage: The Municipal Impact of
Today's Mortgage Foreclosure Boom" says a foreclosure on a single-family home,
especially one left vacant, may generate $30,000 in losses per property.

Baker said Detroit, damaged by the declining auto sector, has seen neighborhoods
decimated by foreclosures.

Hermes said lenders often pair up with mortgage brokers who pitch the adjustable
rate mortgages to people who don't qualify for a prime loan from such financial
institutions as Capitol Federal Savings.

Jack Huey, chief lending officer for Capitol Federal, said the financial
institution doesn't offer subprime mortgages.

"Capitol Federal has sound lending policies and strong underwriting principles
that mitigate credit risk for the various programs that we offer, resulting in
low default rates," Huey said.

When someone doesn't qualify for a loan, Capitol Federal encourages the person
to improve his or her financial situation. He also recommends contacting the
local Housing and Credit Counseling office for educational homeownership and
budgeting counseling.

Regulation needed

A top federal regulator recently endorsed congressional efforts to pass
legislation cracking down on predatory lending.

"We believe that the time has come for national anti-predatory lending standards
applicable to all mortgage lenders," Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. chairwoman
Sheila Bair told a House Financial Services subcommittee.

Bair suggested predatory lending legislation could require lenders to take into
account a borrower's ability to repay a loan at its full cost, not just on an
initial, low teaser payment, and crack down on confusing and misleading
marketing and prepayment penalties.

Stanley, of Housing and Credit Counseling, said there are alternatives besides
foreclosure, such as putting the past-due amount at the end of the loan.

"There's other options, but some people wait until it is too late," she said.

She recommended struggling homeowners assess their entire financial situation.
While setting priorities, she said, cut out expenses that aren't needed. To get
help, call Housing and Credit Counseling at (785) 234-0217 or (800) 383-0217.

Michael Hooper can be reached at (785)295-1293 or michael.hooper@cjonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 10, 2011 Friday

Spartanburg County Delinquent Tax Office troubled

BYLINE: Stephen Largen, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 825 words


June 10--A day after cutting $300,000 from the Spartanburg County Delinquent Tax
Office budget, three members of county council on Thursday attributed the budget
slash to unremedied record-keeping and accuracy issues within the office.

In the summer of 2010, a group of paralegals met with Chairman Jeff Horton and
councilmen David Britt and Dale Culbreth to offer solutions to a glut of
problems making life difficult for paralegals and attorneys working in county
offices.

The group highlighted issues and inefficiencies taking place not only in the
Delinquent Tax Office, but also in several other county offices, including the
Register of Deeds.

Those problems have continued in the year since, council members said Thursday.

"It's just not getting fixed," Culbreth said. "We keep hearing that our (
delinquent tax) office is one of the worst around."

Lingering issues within the office include improperly worded and inaccurate tax
deeds, inaccurate title searches for tax sale properties and a host of other
inefficiencies, according to paralegals and real estate abstractors.

Britt said he also continues to field complaints.

"I just started getting calls a few weeks ago that these issues have not been
fixed," he said.

The $300,000 cut, which is part of a budget that can still be amended until
council gives it final approval June 20, represents a "shot across the bow" of
county administration, Horton said.

Horton said the budget cut for the Delinquent Tax Office, which represents about
one-third of the office's budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1, could
be restored before final budget passage if administrators can satisfy council
members' concerns.

Britt said council also could consider having another county office take over
the responsibilities of the Delinquent Tax Office.

Interim department head Steve Ford said the department can rectify any issues
and will work hard to do so.

Ford also handles records management for the county.

Paralegals told council a year ago that the county would be better served by
having different employees handle each of the three positions.

Some changes

Deputy county administrator Jim Hipp said administrators have made some changes
to Delinquent Tax Office operations and are in the middle of a review of office
procedures in an effort to identify possible improvements.

Nancy Caldwell of Spartanburg is a real estate title abstractor and was part of
the group that brought the problems in the Delinquent Tax Office and other
offices to the attention of council.

She said problems within the Delinquent Tax Office, which she said predated
Ford's tenure, are just one symptom of a much larger record-keeping problem that
reaches across several county offices, including the Register of Deeds.

"Nothing's changed for years," Caldwell said. "Spartanburg used to be one of the
best counties to search a title in; now it's right down near the bottom. It's
sad."

She said beyond the inefficiency and accompanying waste of taxpayer money,
widespread inaccuracy of deeds and other records violates state codes and opens
the county up to potential lawsuits.

"There's so many things that are wrong and so much that could be done to save
money," Caldwell said.

Becky Shields, a paralegal from Spartanburg, said some of the county's
administrative offices are "the laughingstock of the state" because of
inaccuracy of records, inefficiencies and antiquated technology.

"There are attorneys, small firms and paralegals that refuse to do work in
Spartanburg," Shields said.

She said part of the problem is a lack of sufficient funding for the problem
offices.

With or without new funding, one change that could save the county money would
be to stop paying a private company to store some county records, Shields said.

Total Records and Information Management, a document-management company with an
office in Roebuck, is paid by the county to store and retrieve certain records.

Ford said the decision to contract with TRIM was made by council because the
county did not have the personnel needed to handle the records and an area of
the county administration building used to store the records was converted to
the circuit public defender's office.

Ford said improving operations within the Delinquent Tax Office is "a work in
process, and we're ironing out the bugs every year."

He said ongoing improving coordination between the office and administration
will yield improvements, and additional funding could help, too.

Britt said one way or another, the continuing problems within the office must be
addressed.

"You depend on the government to do things right," he said.

To see more of The Spartanburg Herald-Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.goupstate.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg,
S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110610-SG-Spartanburg-County-Delinquent-Tax-Office-troubled-20110610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2011 Herald-Journal


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 12, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FILM REVIEW;
No Refuge for the Young In a Small Town Upstate

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE VAN GELDER

SECTION: Section C; Page 18; Column 5; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 382 words


"Delinquent" is a small, tough, imperfect film about troubled adolescence. The
movie also serves as a calling card for its writer, producer and director, Peter
Hall, who is making his debut in feature films after a past in journalism,
multimedia concert production and the writing of financial and industrial
videos.

In "Delinquent," Mr. Hall, who plays a bit part as an unpleasant small-town taxi
driver, displays a talent for visual storytelling and a gift for drawing
unaffected performances from the two youthful actors who play the film's leading
roles.

One is Tim (Desmond Devenish), a newcomer to the upstate New York community -- a
10th grader whose traumas are prompting him to skip classes and plummet away
from previous scholarly excellence. Tim's abused mother is a suicide by poison;
his despotic father, Ben (Jeff Paul), is a hard drinker, a firm believer in
Marine Corps discipline and a recent full-time member of the local police force
who would like to believe that with a few good breaks he could become the chief.

The other is Tracy DeLors (Shawn Batten), a pretty young woman of privilege and
an aspiring writer. Her handsome empty summer home becomes for Tim a refuge
where he finds pills, a pistol and a videotape that reveals that Tracy has been
sneaking out for dates with her boarding school English teacher.

Before "Delinquent" ends, the lives of Tim and Tracy, who returns to recover
from a secret abortion, will intersect briefly and with tragic consequences.
Although Mr. Hall displays an acute sensitivity to teen-age turmoil, his film is
flawed by the overwrought Ben, who needs only to lay eyes on his son to denounce
the boy's black friend, order him into women's underwear or cruelly tear pages
from the copy of Virginia Woolf's "Room of One's Own" that Tim has taken from
Tracy's house.

He's a one-dimensional character exposed by the well-drawn Tim and Tracy.

DELINQUENT

Written, produced and directed by Peter Hall; director of photography, Todd
Crockett; edited by Thom Zimny; music by Gang of Four; released by Rice Arts
Management. At the Embassy, Seventh Avenue at 47th Street, Manhattan. Running
time: 84 minutes. This film is not rated.

WITH: Desmond Devenish (Tim), Shawn Batten (Tracy DeLors) and Jeff Paul (Ben).

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Teen-age turmoil: Desmond Devenish in "Delinquent." (Rice Arts
Management)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

City Council OK's resolution that pushes for combined garbage/sewer bill

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words


May 08--Erie City Councilman Bob E. Merski admits that for too long, the city
failed to aggressively deal with the issue of delinquent refuse bills.

As Merski sees it, those days are over.

City Council on Wednesday morning approved a resolution directing the Erie Water
Works to change its billing procedures by combining garbage and sewer fees onto
one bill for customers.

The move is part of an ongoing effort to deal with delinquent refuse accounts
from city customers -- those accounts currently total $2.14 million, according
to Paul Vojtek, the Erie Water Works' chief executive.

"I think that moving forward, this shows that we mean business," Merski said.
"We're here to do the work of the taxpayers and make sure that the problem is
solved."

The resolution also asks Erie Water Works to amend its collection rules and its
contract with the city so that customer payments apply to the most delinquent
charges first.

Council members believe that aspect of the billing change provides the mechanism
to force the most delinquent refuse customers -- some of whom owe tens of
thousands of dollars, own multiple properties and/or have not paid their bills
in years -- to pay up.

As Vojtek explained to council members at their monthly Finance Committee
meeting Wednesday morning, any sewer/refuse payments would be applied first to
the most delinquent charges. That means a customer who is severely late on
garbage payments would see his payment go toward the late refuse bill, which
would leave the sewer bill unpaid.

Under state law, the Erie Water Works could then legally shut off water service,
which is billed separately, to a customer for delinquent sewer charges, Vojtek
said.

Vojtek told council that since the combined billing would require adjustments to
Erie Water Works' computerized billing process, it likely would not take effect
until late 2014 or early 2015.

The resolution was sponsored by Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco, who has said
she believes the combined bill could force customers with severely delinquent
refuse accounts to pay them.

Erie Water Works currently splits customers' bills, with water/sewer on one and
refuse on another. Customers are charged every three months.

With the proposed change, customers would receive a separate quarterly water
bill on a different date.

In other business, City Council approved a resolution, sponsored by Councilman
David Brennan, that asks City Solicitor Greg Karle to study the feasibility of a
30-day wait period when someone wants to demolish historic structures or
buildings within one of the city's historic areas.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140508-EI-City-Council-OK-s-resolution-that-pushes-for-combined-garbage-sewer-
bill-0508-20140508

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              May 20, 2012 Sunday
                                St. Pete Edition

THEY'RE TOPS IN DELINQUENT TAX BILLS

BYLINE: KATHERINE SNOW SMITH, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: ST. PETE TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 996 words



HIGHLIGHT: The county is awaiting more than $300,000 in property taxes - from
just four homeowners.


Thousands of property owners throughout Florida are struggling to pay their
mortgage, insurance and taxes. But those who owe the most to Pinellas County in
delinquent 2011 property taxes aren't the people you would think are living
paycheck to paycheck.

The tax bills were sent in October and a reminder was sent before the March 31
deadline.

The four residents who missed that due date and owe the most taxes include a
doctor on the state's board of osteopathic medicine and a lottery winner who
received $24 million in 2001. The property owners' homes range in size from
5,330 square feet to 12,900 square feet.

One Pinellas resident, Jabil CEO Tim Main, was on the delinquent taxpayer list,
owing the second-highest amount for a residential property, until Thursday
afternoon when he paid his tax bill with a credit card. He owed nearly $65,000
on his 7,338-square-foot Mediterranean mansion on Brightwaters Boulevard NE in
the Snell Isle neighborhood of St. Petersburg.

Main's payment came after a reporter with the Tampa Bay Times called Jabil
Thursday morning. After paying the taxes and a $1,900 convenience fee for paying
online, Main said through a spokeswoman that his failure to pay on time was an
oversight due to his busy travel schedule.

The four residents still owing the most in delinquent taxes as of last week -
slightly more than $300,000 total - are not disputing the county's appraisal of
their property that dictates their tax bill, according to the Pinellas County
Clerk of Court.

James and Jill St. Louis owe $129,271 in taxes on their 12,900-square-foot
French-English country mansion at 144 Willadel Drive in Belleair. James St.
Louis is the founder of the Tampa-based Laser Spine Institute and was appointed
by Charlie Crist to sit on the state board of osteopathic medicine.

St. Louis could not be reached for comment.

The couple bought the house that sits on a 2-acre bluff in 2008 for $10.25
million. At the time of the sale, the Tampa Bay Times reported the home
encompassed 6 miles of wood trim and had a 240,000-gallon swimming pool
fashioned into a rocky lagoon fed by a waterfall.

Public records show two years after the purchase, Jill St. Louis filed for
divorce. The case is ongoing.

The Laser Spine Institute has locations in Philadelphia, Oklahoma City and
Scottsdale, Ariz. According to its website, it's responsible for more than 400
surgeries a month and has 450 employees.

Donna Aloi, a former receptionist who received a $24 million lump-sum payment
for winning the lottery in 2001, owes $58,636 on a three-story home at 605
Orange St. S in Palm Harbor.

Aloi didn't pay her 2009 or 2010 taxes on time either. She did ultimately pay
her 2009 taxes and said she's paying the 2010 taxes next week.

"Sometimes you have to juggle, whether you have a lot of money or you have a
little bit of money," Aloi said. She declined to comment further.

Her 10,050-square-foot house is on the market for $2.4 million. It has Brazilian
cherry flooring, a gourmet kitchen, home theater, game room and a pool with
waterfalls and a spa. There is a three-car garage and another four-car garage
with two lifts for auto storage.

Property records show she bought the 1.7-acre parcel her house sits on for
$675,000 in 2001, fewer than two months after winning the lottery. Later that
year construction began on the house and it was completed in 2003. The county
appraises it at $2.8 million.

When she won the lottery 11 years ago, Aloi said she'd never made more than
$20,000 a year and planned to use the money to help family members, buy a car, a
house and a boat.

Michael W. Schmidt, an associate in various communications companies, owes
$57,953 for a corner penthouse at Ovation at 180 Beach Drive NE in downtown St.
Petersburg.

He bought the 5,330-square-foot unit for $4.5 million in 2010. Property records
show he does not claim a homestead exemption on it as his primary residence. He
is associated with several communications companies in New Jersey and
Pennsylvania and West Bay Communications in St. Petersburg.

Schmidt could not be reached for comment.

Pedro Javier Sarabia Leon, president of Sea Central Shipping Corp. in Tampa,
owes $57,016 on his 7,029-square-foot home at 851 Brightwaters Blvd. NE in St.
Petersburg.

His house, which is named "Casa de Encanto," loosely translated the "House of
Enchantment," is on the market for $3.6 million. Along with five bedrooms and
six and a half baths, it has a climate-controlled wine room, four fireplaces and
a guest house.

He bought it in 2009 for $3.4 million and does not claim a homestead exemption
on it as his primary residence. He also did not pay his 2010 taxes but the debt
was sold by the county to an investor who is charging interest on it. He could
not be reached for comment.

Times researcher Natalie Watson contributed to this report. Katherine Snow Smith
can be reached at kssmith@tampabay.com or (727) 893-8785.

* * *

Picking up the bill

Here's why Pinellas County won't be short its $300,000 for long.

If these four property owners, who jointly owe nearly $303,000, don't pay their
taxes in the next 11 days, someone else probably will.

On June 1 the county will sell the debt by auctioning tax certificates for every
unpaid property tax bill. Banks, companies and individual investors buy
thousands of tax certificates around the country and charge interest to the
property owner. In Pinellas County, investors bid on the tax certificates and
the one offering the lowest interest rate wins. Investors cannot charge more
than 18 percent. The average rate charged last year was 2 percent.

If the property owner doesn't pay the certificate holder back in two years, the
holder can call for the property to go up for auction to the highest bidder.

Last year 17,354 tax certificates were sold to 8,489 winning bidders. Close to
99 percent of the county's tax certificates are bought by investors, according
to Laurel Whitney, deputy of tax operations for Pinellas County.

The auction is online atbidpinellas.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Donna Aloi took home $24 million in lottery winnings. PHOTO -
JAMES BORCHUCK - Times (Ran Page 1) PHOTO - DOUGLAS R. CLIFFORD - Times (2003)
(Ran Page 1)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Phila. will confront tax-delinquent employees

BYLINE: By Patrick Kerkstra; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 418 words


The Nutter administration and City Controller Alan Butkovitz have agreed in
principle to begin withholding wages from tax-delinquent city employees, a step
that comes amid mounting criticism of Philadelphia's seeming inability to
collect what it is owed - even from its own workers.

By Aug. 10, the Department of Revenue will have finished work on a database
detailing the amount owed by every tax-delinquent city worker, and it will send
that information to Butkovitz, said Doug Oliver, a spokesman for Mayor Nutter.

Soon afterward, Butkovitz will send letters to those city workers informing them
that they have 30 days to either pay their debt in full or enter into a
long-term payment plan. If that is not done after the month is up, the city will
begin deducting up to 20 percent of their paychecks to cover their past-due
taxes.

The moves follow an Inquirer analysis last week of city payroll and
tax-delinquency records that uncovered about 2,000 city employees and their
spouses who owed $5 million in past-due property taxes.

Some had debts dating back more than 20 years, and one worker - an aide to
Councilwoman Jannie L. Blackwell - had racked up a delinquent tax bill topping
$96,000.

Citywide, there are nearly 100,000 delinquent properties on which is owed a
combined total of $425 million, not including still-unpaid 2009 bills.

At this point, the only unresolved question about how to deal with the deadbeat
city employees appears to be whether Butkovitz will deduct 20 percent or some
lesser amount based on income.

First Deputy City Controller Harvey Rice said the office was researching its
options.

State law gives Philadelphia the power to withhold wages to cover unpaid taxes
only from city workers, not from other residents. The law vests that authority
with the City Controller's Office.

The Nutter administration is also in the "final stages" of adopting a new policy
that would require future city employees who owe back taxes to enter into
payment agreements as a condition of employment, Oliver said.

Nutter has said the city was on its way to addressing the matter of tax-
delinquent workers well before The Inquirer raised the issue with administration
officials in May.

The city, however, had not stopped hiring tax-delinquent workers at that time.

Since late May, the Nutter administration has hired an additional five employees
with past-due property-tax balances, according to the City Controller's Office.

Contact staff writer Patrick Kerkstra at 215-854-2827 or
pkerkstra@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Wayne County, Mich. Updates Deficit Plan

BYLINE: Caitlin Devitt

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 123 No. 34116

LENGTH: 383  words


CHICAGO -- Wayne County, Mich. plans to erase a major chunk of its deficit by
shifting more money than expected from its delinquent property tax fund into its
general fund.

The move comes a week after the county auditor general accused county Treasurer
Ray Wojtowicz of withholding the money, even as the county has tottered on the
edge of a state takeover due to a $175 million deficit.

The treasurer has since agreed to release $150 million from the Delinquent Tax
Revolving Fund. The county's deficit elimination plan originally relied on the
use of $81 million from the fund.

County Executive Bob Ficano said the delinquent property tax funds would "put a
great amount of distance between us and an emergency manager," according to
local reports.

Wayne is fending off state intervention with the deficit elimination plan. The
plan relies on the delinquent fund transfer as well as $121 million from the
sale of a wastewater treatment plan and wage and benefit cuts. The county's
board of commissioners approved the plan on May 15.

The county, home to bankrupt Detroit, is clinging to its investment-grade
ratings from Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service, which rate it
BBB-minus and Baa3, respectively. That's one notch above speculative grade.
Fitch Ratings rates the county BB-minus, which is in junk territory.

Michigan treasury officials reportedly sent a letter to the county earlier this
week that said the county board must approve the plan or submit an alternative
plan by the end of the month. The county must also report general fund cash flow
and spending for the next 12 months, the state said.

Wayne faces a $175 million deficit. That's estimated to grow to $236 million in
the next two years without action, according to the county.

The county has $726 million of outstanding LTGO debt.

Meanwhile, a judge may decide this week whether a lawsuit challenging the
county's struggling pension fund can win class-action status.

Two retirees sued the pension fund in April in Wayne County Circuit Court. The
lawsuit accuses the pension trustees of bad and negligent investment choices
that have led to a funded status of 46%. That's down from 100% status the system
enjoyed in 2003.

A hearing on whether the lawsuit can be certified as a class action is set for
Friday in the circuit court.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            October 6, 2005 Thursday

County going after taxes

BYLINE: PANTAGRAPH STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 206 words


BLOOMINGTON -- If you haven't paid your property tax bill yet, expect a postal
carrier with a certified letter.

McLean County Treasurer Rebecca McNeil has mailed about 3,200 certified letters
to taxpayers who failed to pay by the Sept. 6 deadline.

About $5.4 million still is due, she said. The treasurer's office collects $213
million in property taxes to distribute among the taxing bodies.

Delinquent taxpayers have until Oct. 13 to pay the taxes and penalties or they
will become part of a delinquent property list published in The Pantagraph and
on the county Web site at www.mcleancountyil.gov. between Oct. 17 and 21.

McNeil will take any unresolved cases to circuit court beginning at 8:45 a.m.
Oct. 31.

Buyers can purchase delinquent taxes at a sale beginning at 9 a.m. Nov. 2 in
room 400 of the Government Center, 115 E. Washington St. Property owners
generally have three years after the sale to redeem properties by paying taxes,
interest and penalties.

If that time passes without payment, the buyers of the delinquent taxes own the
property.

McLean County went from a two-bill to a single-bill system this year. Tax bills
were mailed in May.

Taxpayers could pay all at once or pay half then and the other half by Sept. 6.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Montana: LOAN COLLECTOR-PAYMENT SERVICES 10097206

LENGTH: 584  words

DATELINE: Helena


Department of Labor & Industry, The State of Montana has issued the following
job announcement:

10097206
Job Title:  LOAN COLLECTOR-PAYMENT SERVICES
Salary:  $27,518.00 - $41,288.00 Yearly
Location:  BILLINGS, MT, 59101
Description:  A downtown Billings bank is seeking a Loan Collector-Payment
Services.

SUMMARY Contact business and consumer customers by phone to collect delinquent
unsecured credit card accounts. Provide excellent customer service and support
to credit card customers. Assist Collections Supervisor with charge-off
preparation as well as various account activities and paperwork related to
collections and recoveries. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the
following: * Work on all groups of delinquent accounts. * Contact cardholders by
telephone to resolve credit problems. * Work with internal bankers on collection
process. * Negotiate arrangements with cardholders to bring accounts current. *
Conduct research to locate delinquent account holders utilizing skip tracking
tools. * Work with outside collection agencies and credit reporting bureaus. *
Assign charged off accounts to collection agency and review monthly charge off
reports. * Maintain and compile various reports on delinquent loans and
collection activities. * Prepare documentation on bankruptcy and probate claims.
* Assist risk manager in assessing risk of customers. * Provide customer service
to customers. * Other duties may be assigned. QUALIFICATIONS * To perform this
job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty
satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the
knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made
to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE High school diploma or general education degree
(GED). One to three years of previous collection experience or similar customer
related experience preferred. OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES * Applicants must have
strong computer skills to include working knowledge of MS Excel and MS Word. *
Must have strong organization skills and the ability to arrange information and
files in a useful manner. * Must have strong problem solving skills including
the ability to interpret data and provide solutions. * Must have strong
negotiation skills and ability to work in a team environment. Must have
excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. * Must
be willing to work a flexible work schedule (day, evening and weekends).
LANGUAGE SKILLS * Ability to write reports business correspondence and manuals.
* Ability to effectively respond to questions from managers, employees and
customers. * Ability to read, analyzes, and interpret general business
periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures or governmental
regulations. MATHEMATICAL SKILLS * Must be able to work with moderate
mathematical concepts. * Must be able to apply concepts such as fractions,
percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. REASONING ABILITY
* Ability to define problems collects data, establish facts, and draw valid
conclusions. * Must be able to solve practical problems and deal with a variety
of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. *
Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral,
diagram, or schedule form. FULL-TIME: Monday-Friday (8:00am-5:00pm) SALARY
Level: $27,518...$34,403...$41,288 DOE
Open

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            December 12, 2011 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

TOOLS TO FIGHT BLIGHT

BYLINE: JOSHUA VINCENT

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 331 words


"This Old House" (Nov. 28 editorial) highlights the powerlessness of Pittsburgh
to control the vultures that pick at the carcass of a collapsed real estate
market and weakened communities. The house at 1506 Dagmar Ave. in Beechview
wouldn't be an issue if Pittsburgh were able to seize it right now. Why should
it be taken? The property is tax delinquent. The "Res Distressed Asset Fund"
owns hundreds of properties across the United States. Many are tax delinquent
and have been seized (a cumbersome process, as some Pittsburgh parcels are years
in arrears).

Towns have few tools to check buyers of foreclosed, blighted or delinquent
properties that banks are now dumping. A quick search for "Res Distressed"
indicates nine corporations in Delaware with the same name, revealing a sad
trail from Florida, Georgia, Schenectady, N.Y., Cleveland and beyond of a record
of noncompliance, blight and delinquency.

Pennsylvania law precludes quick action in these cases, and don't expect new
laws to protect our towns anytime soon, given the state's laissez-faire
approach.

There are tools that exist to blunt the effects of speculation and reward
investment in neighborhoods. We need a modern system of property assessment that
tracks the condition of properties on a more frequent basis.

Why? 1506 Dagmar Ave. is assessed slightly lower than neighboring kept-up
properties. The error of hiding from revaluation provided cover for
irresponsible landowners letting properties decay. Reassessment will illustrate
the effect blight has on property values.

Also needed is a return to the land value property tax system that Pittsburgh
enjoyed for 90 years until the 2000 botched reassessment led to its demise and
set the stage for a decade of unfair taxes and expensive litigation.

With Pittsburgh struggling to fend off absenteeism, accurate assessments and the
untaxing of homeowners and productive business is an imperative.

JOSHUA VINCENT

Executive Director

Center for the Study of Economics

Philadelphia

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 25, 1990, Wednesday, City Edition

Fewer parents able to duck child support

BYLINE: CHARLOTTE SUTTON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



It's getting tougher to be a deadbeat parent in Florida, but thousands of people
still are finding ways to avoid paying court-ordered child support.

    Gov. Bob Martinez announced Tuesday that a variety of tactics have
dramatically increased the amount of overdue child support that the state
Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services (HRS) collects. Last year HRS
got $ 211-million in delinquent payments from parents, compared with $
81-million four years ago.

    Last year "was a good year for kids, particularly kids whose parents had
stopped supporting them," the governor said.

    "On a secondary basis, it also relieves the state of having to pick up the
payments for the support of that child (for whom) the parent ought to be
providing," he said. More than 6,000 families were taken off the welfare rolls
after the delinquent parents were tracked down, saving the state $ 4-million.

  xStill, a backlog of about $ 800-million that has accumulated during the past
13 years remains to be collected, said Bob Johnson, director of child support
enforcement. About $ 300-million in overdue child-support payments are referred
to HRS for collection every year, Johnson said.

    Delinquent parents are commonly referred to as "deadbeat dads," but that's a
slight misnomer about 3 percent of the 80,000 parents last year who were
delinquent in their child-support payments are women, said HRS Secretary Greg
Coler.

    During the past few years HRS has stepped up its use of some tactics and
come up with others to catch up with parents who duck their obligations.

      In November, the state issued "Most Wanted" posters featuring fathers who
owed child support. The posters brought in thousands of calls to the child
support enforcement hot line (1-800-622-KIDS), and led to the apprehension of
eight of the 14 deadbeat dads on the poster. Coler said the next poster will
have a deadbeat mom on it.

     Television and radio ads also have spread the word about the hot line.

     Employers have deducted a total of $ 93.8-million from the paychecks of
25,367 delinquent parents.

      Another $ 22.1-million was taken out of 33,175 federal income tax refund
checks.

      $ 1.8-million was deducted from unemployment compensation checks.

      $ 120,000 was taken out of the Florida Lottery winnings of 96 parents.

      About 100,000 parents are listed by credit reporting agencies as bad
credit risks.

      Last year, the state sold a delinquent dad's Manatee County home to raise
the $ 14,000 he owed his children.

       The state Supreme Court ruled in May that delinquent parents may be
jailed if they can pay their debts but don't. Coler said most parents who have
been given jail terms pay up before they're locked up. He didn't know how many
delinquent parents are in jail.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Bob Martinez

                            Times Publishing Company


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

New York: Poloncarz Announces Upcoming County Tax Foreclosure Auction

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: Albany


Erie County, The State of New York has issued the following news release:

Today, Erie County Executive Mark C. Poloncarz announced that Erie County will
hold a Tax Foreclosure Auction on Wednesday, September 24, 2014 in the Mason O.
Damon Auditorium in the Downtown Central Library. As it has in the three prior
foreclosure sales conducted by the Poloncarz administration, the Erie County
Department of Real Property Tax Services will work in conjunction with the Erie
County Attorney's Office to auction Erie County properties with tax
delinquencies that have remained unpaid for a minimum of three years. The three
prior foreclosure sales have yielded over $18 million in delinquent property
taxes and have returned approximately 145 homes and businesses into productive,
taxpaying properties.

"Erie County must stay active in the foreclosure process, both to work with
residents and homeowners who may need help to stay in their house and to work
with community  groups looking to solve the problem of abandoned, tax-delinquent
properties that dot their neighborhoods," said Poloncarz. "We will always work
with homeowners to help them stay in their homes, but no one should ignore their
tax obligations or feel that the rules do not apply to them. As with other
auctions, this auction seeks to bring delinquent properties back to the tax
rolls, settle accounts and ensure that these properties do not continue to be a
drain on hard-working taxpayers and homeowners across the county."

In January 2014, the Poloncarz administration filed a transcript of over 500
tax-delinquent properties across Erie County with the county legislature. The
Department of Real Property Tax Services reports that as a result of this
action, Erie County has collected over $7 million in delinquent property taxes
and has negotiated numerous payment plans allowing tax-delinquent homeowners
with legitimate reasons to save their properties, returning them to the tax
rolls prior to being auctioned.

"Auctioning the property is always a last resort, and only happens when we have
exhausted every other possible avenue for returning the property to the tax
rolls," said Joseph Maciejewski, Director of the Real Property Tax Services
Department. "We can work with individuals facing long-term unemployment or
serious health issues, but scofflaws or habitual filers for bankruptcy should be
aware that their tax-delinquent properties will be sold. Their actions are not
fair to the large number of residents who play by the rules and pay their taxes
on time."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Alaska USA leads a strong third quarter for CUs

BYLINE: DJ Summers, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


Nov. 24--Alaska's six biggest credit unions had another beefy quarter, on
average, though delinquent loans and foreclosures cut into the bottom line for
an unlucky few.

Overall, the six largest credit unions increased their collective net income 39
percent compared to last year to $52.7 million, up from $38 million. Total
assets grew 10 percent year-over-year, topping $8.5 billion. Each financial
institution grew its loan portfolio, for a total $6.4 billion.

Alaska USA, the state's largest credit union, gained the bulk of the overall
third quarter net income, up to $39.5 million in 2015, a $13.6 million gain. The
company grew its total loans $650 million. This follows a strong second quarter,
where net income shot up 54 percent year over year.

Denali Alaskan led the pack in growth rate, despite holding $900,000 more in
delinquent loans than in the same quarter 2014. The credit union vaulted its net
income over 200 percent year-over-year to $4.9 million.

Matanuska Valley credit union made an 82 percent gain as well, breaking the $3
million mark for the quarter, driven by a $40 million total loan increase and 21
percent reduction in delinquent loans.

Not all were as fortunate. Credit Union 1 saw a 39 percent net income decline
for the quarter, driven by a $1.5 million spike in delinquent loans over last
year.

Spirit of Alaska's income dropped 23 percent, saddled with $900,000 in
foreclosed property it didn't have in 2014. This is the second quarter in a row
foreclosed properties have bitten chunks from the credit union. Second quarter
net income decreased 33 percent to $349,000, having lost $2.1 million in loans
and gained $1.2 million in foreclosed property.

Juneau's True North Credit Union has had a rough year as well. Third quarterly
net income plummeted over 350 percent year over year to $155,160, down from more
than $700,000, with $140,000 more in foreclosures than last year. This marks the
second quarter of declining income; net income shrank from $351,000 in second
quarter 2014 to just more than $12,000 in 2015.

DJ Summers can be reached at daniel.summers@alaskajournal.com

___ (c)2015 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151124-JA-Alaska-USA
-leads-a-strong-third-quarter-for-CUs-1124-20151124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2015 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 17, 2011 Monday

Scranton's delinquent real estate tax collector stations staff in City Hall

BYLINE: Josh Mrozinski, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Oct. 17--Scranton taxpayers do not have to travel very far to pay delinquent
real estate taxes.

The city's new delinquent real estate tax collector, Northeast Revenue Service
LLC, has stationed staff members in the city treasurer's office to collect taxes
and answer questions.

"They will be there from open to our close, which is from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.,
to accept any kind of payment, to get a balance on taxes and to process
payments," said city Business Administrator Ryan McGowan.

Mr. McGowan said a part of the collected revenue will initially cover more than
$1.56 million owed due to a Scranton Redevelopment Authority default on a loan.
The city backed that borrowing.

Facing a projected deficit of more than $6 million this year and a projected $11
million deficit in 2012, Mr. McGowan said the added revenue will be welcomed by
the city.

The staff arrived at City Hall last week. This week, Northeast Revenue -- which
boasts an 88 percent collection rate -- is mailing letters to taxpayers for back
taxes owed on more than 5,000 parcels, said company President John Rodgers.

Northeast Revenue also collects on behalf of Luzerne County for all of its
school districts and municipalities.

The Scranton claims date back to the 1950s, except for 2010, which is being
collected by the Scranton Single Tax Office until Jan. 1, when tax accounts are
to be transferred to Northeast Revenue, according to the collection service's
contract with the city.

The mailings this week go out as Northeast Revenue works to clean up the
records, Mr. Rodgers said.

The records were provided by the previous collector of back taxes, Commonwealth
Financial Systems Inc. That company collected back taxes for the city until
November, when its contract ended.

Mr. Rodgers said problems with the data included invalid parcel identification
numbers. He said his company is using the mailings to verify the delinquent
accounts, with the goal of publishing an online database of delinquent
taxpayers.

Northeast Revenue is planning to set up a computer for public access at the
treasurer's office. Next summer, it plans to hold a treasurer's sale, Mr.
Rodgers said. "We're making progress," he said.

Contact the writer: jmrozinski@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2011 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111017-YT-Scranton-s-delinquent
-real-estate-tax-collector-stations-staff-in-City-Hall-1017-20111017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A little shame might just deter tax cheaters

BYLINE: Jay A. Soled and Dennis J. Ventry Jr.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 671 words


Eliot Spitzer isn't the only john being shamed these days. Around the country,
campaigns such as "Johns TV" launched by Denver are fighting the demand side of
prostitution with public humiliation. Law enforcement officials in about 200
communities -- including Chicago, Cincinnati, Dallas, Detroit and Los Angeles --
are cracking down on prostitution by publishing the names and pictures of
individuals arrested for soliciting sex.

Tax officials should take notice. If shaming can curb the human desire that
underwrites the oldest profession, it can surely curb tax evasion. In fact,
researchers have shown that tax penalties relying on social punishment rather
than economic or legal sanction can be effective in improving tax compliance.
Shaming deters tax evasion by expressing society's  condemnation of cheating,
and by displaying the cheater's bad acts for all to see. People undoubtedly
comply with laws for various reasons, but fear of detection provides the
strongest compliance incentive.

Tool helps fill coffers

Shaming does more than enhance deterrence. It also generates a lot of money.
More than 20 states and the District of Columbia have filled public coffers with
payments from delinquent taxpayers whose names and addresses were published on
state government websites. Shaming has helped states collect hundreds of
millions of dollars in unpaid tax bills as taxpayers have rushed to expunge
their names from the lists. For example:

*California publishes two lists of tax deadbeats, one of the top 250 sales and
use tax debtors and the other of the top 250 income tax debtors, who include
O.J. Simpson ($1.5 million). Singer Dionne Warwick ($2.6 million) and comedian
Sinbad ($2.1 million) were recently removed from the list.

*Delaware also publishes two lists, one identifying the top 100 personal tax
delinquents and the other the top 100 business tax delinquents. Delaware's
director of revenue recently said the program is  "extremely successful" in
helping the state collect outstanding debt and is also saving money by reducing
collection agency costs.

*In Wisconsin,  a "Website of Shame" launched in 2006 that was projected to
collect $1.5 million in unpaid taxes during its first year generated seven times
that amount, a success rate that officials attribute to taxpayers' desire to
avoid public humiliation.

Why not at federal level?

Tax shaming programs can be equally effective at the federal level. The revenue
can help close an annual "tax gap" -- the difference between what people owe and
what they pay -- that is approaching $400 billion. Enforcement through shaming
could attack all forms of tax abuse. These  include  high-income and corporate
taxpayers who take artificial losses to offset taxable gains, as well as
smaller-scale abuses such as the widespread practice of individuals illegally
claiming home office deductions.

Wide publication is the key. Publishing the names and underpayments of tax
cheats on the Internet and  media outlets would subject the cheats to the court
of public opinion. Similarly, wide exposure should be used to discourage tax
advisers  from writing questionable legal opinions supporting sophisticated tax
avoidance strategies.

Indeed, the federal government's tax shaming strategy should publish for public
scrutiny a list of delinquent taxpayers as well as wayward tax advisers.

In the end, illicit sex and tax cheating are more alike than one would think.
Neither is a victimless crime. Prostitution exploits women, exposes them to
physical and emotional danger, and poses health hazards not only for prostitutes
and johns but also for their families. Tax evasion, for its part, victimizes the
hundreds of millions of Americans who annually pay their taxes in full and on
time, contributes to the exploding budget deficit, and restricts the
government's ability to raise necessary revenue.

For shame.

Jay A. Soled is a professor of accounting and business ethics at Rutgers
University. Dennis J. Ventry Jr. is an assistant professor of law at American
University.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday

CoreLogic Reports Shadow Inventory Down 28 Percent From 2010 Peak

LENGTH: 294 words


Current residential shadow inventory as of January 2013 was at 2.2 million
units, representing a supply of nine months. This figure represents an
18-percent drop from January 2012*, when shadow inventory stood at 2.6 million
units.

CoreLogic estimates the current stock of properties in the shadow inventory,
also known as pending supply, by calculating the number of properties that are
seriously delinquent, in foreclosure and held as real estate owned (REO) by
mortgage servicers, but not currently listed on multiple listing services
(MLSs). Transition rates of "delinquency to foreclosure" and "foreclosure to
REO" are used to identify the currently distressed unlisted properties most
likely to become REO properties. Properties that are not yet delinquent, but may
become delinquent in the future, are not included in the estimate of the current
shadow inventory. Shadow inventory is typically not included in the official
reporting measurements of unsold inventory.

"The shadow inventory continued to drop at double the rate in January from
prior-year levels. At this point in the recovery, we are seeing healthy
reductions across much of the nation," said Anand Nallathambi, president and CEO
of CoreLogic. "As we move forward in 2013, we need to see more progress in
Florida, New York, California, Illinois and New Jersey which now account for
almost half of the country's remaining shadow inventory."

"The shadow inventory is declining steadily as properties are moving through the
distressed pipeline," said Dr. Mark Fleming, chief economist for CoreLogic.
"States like Arizona, California and Colorado are experiencing significant
declines year over year in the stock of serious delinquencies, a positive sign
for further improvement in the shadow inventory."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     April 15, 1997, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Delinquent list ruffles feathers;
Property owners scramble either to defend themselves or to pay up

BYLINE: Carlos Camposand Jack Warner; STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 01C Jack Warner

LENGTH: 630 words


Fulton's new tough-talking tax commissioner put some bite into his words on
Monday by distributing the names of 40 businesses and individuals who owe the
most in delinquent property taxes, in some cases as far back as 1989.

Some of the alleged scofflaws on the list responded swiftly and angrily,
accusing Tax Commissioner Arthur Ferdinand of improperly publicizing their names
without first checking his facts.

"We're highly upset about it," said George Berry, senior vice president for
Cousins Properties Inc. "Evidently the new tax commissioner didn't take the time
to understand the issues involved ....To shoot from the hip in this fashion
involving one of this area's largest and most responsible taxpayers is
reprehensible."

Cousins Properties is shown in records on file with Ferdinand's office as owing
$ 912,046 in taxes for 23 parcels of land in the North Point Mall area in
Alpharetta. The company is at the top of the county list of those who owe.

The values on the parcels are on appeal with the county's Board of Tax
Assessors, but not delinquent, Berry said. The company issued a statement saying
Cousins paid more than $ 8 million in Fulton property taxes last year.

But Ferdinand produced documents that show some of the parcels are not in
appeal. Even if others are, he said, taxpayers are still responsible for paying
a portion of those taxes, too.

Despite the criticism, Ferdinand remained unapologetic in his quest to eliminate
the county's backlog of $ 157 million in delinquent property taxes by year's
end. By contrast, the combined backlog in Cobb, Gwinnett and DeKalb counties is
less than $ 12 million.

Ferdinand trotted out figures Monday showing that he's already collected $ 50
million in his first three months in office this year. The tax commissioner has
the option of selling delinquent property tax liens to a private company, which
in turn can begin foreclosure proceedings. About $ 15 million has been raised in
this manner.

"We are right on target to collect it all by the end of the year," Ferdinand
said. "We will use every device we can to do so."

The tax commissioner said he issued the list because "I think those who do not
pay taxes place a burden on others who do." The list includes the names of
several prominent developers throughout Fulton County, from Douglas Dean, who is
trying to revitalize inner-city neighborhoods in Atlanta, to the Jack Nicklaus
Development Co., developers of the posh, gated Country Club of the South
community in north Fulton.

Some of those on the list offered a variety of reasons for not paying:

Dean said he's working to get properties in the Summerhill community waived of
all back property taxes through the Atlanta-Fulton County Land Bank Authority.
Still, he acknowledged a "stack of bills" he's received and admits he's made no
effort to contact Ferdinand's office this year.

Marcelino Solis, a spokesman for Latino Enterprises, meanwhile, said he paid $
50,000 and thought the problem had been cleared up. Records show he still owes $
204,442.

Grant Jones, a spokesman with Ore-Ida in Idaho said the company was "glad to
hear" about its $ 167,382 delinquency and assured it would be paid immediately.
Jones blamed the problem on a "clerical glitch."

Ryan Hollenbeck, a spokesman for GEAC Computer Corp., said part of the amount
the company owes is tied up in a court dispute. The other portion, an
unspecified amount, will be paid immediately.

Turner Simkins, vice-president for Jack Nicklaus Development, said his company's
delinquency is also due to appealed property assessments.

Many of the companies on Ferdinand's list are defunct, but county officials say
they'll investigate officers of the firms to see if they have any assets worth
squeezing.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: TAXPAYERS WHO OWE FULTON THE MOST
 On Monday, Fulton County released a list of 40 companies and individuals
 who are delinquent in real estate or personal taxes. Personal property
 taxes typically include inventories, equipment, supplies and similar
 items owned by companies and taxed annually. In total, those on the two
 lists owed about half the more than $ 157 million due the county in
 delinquent taxes. Here are the top 10 in each category:
 Real estate......................... Years behind............Amount owed
 1. Cousins Properties......................2..................$ 912,046.43
 2. Estate of Thomas B. West................8.................$ 721,692.46
 3. Jack Nicklaus Development............. 1..................$ 330,252.31
 4. K & I................................. 8..................$ 315,525.18
 5. Summerhill Neighborhood Development... 8..................$ 287,827.23
 6. YMCA of Metro Atlanta Inc...............6..................$ 280,968.91
 7. Mattie Wright......................... 8..................$ 230,940.04
 8. Mathieson Drive Apartments Inc........ 8..................$ 224,395.44
 9. Nasaro Inc............................ 7..................$ 193,906.10
 10. FUNB................................. 3..................$ 143,993.63
 Personal............................. Years behind......... Amount owed
 1. Contel Management Co.....................3............... $ 985,492.39
 2. Dun & Bradstreet Software Service........5............... $ 592,738.70
 3. Charles S. Martin Distributing......... 5............... $ 470,265.30
 4. Unitog Co.............................. 5............... $ 378,486.89
 5. T B Home Sewing..........................2............... $ 343,934.39
 6. Aircraft Services Corp...................1............... $ 276,887.97
7. Latino Enterprises Inc...................8............... $ 204,442.56
 8. GLG Corp.................................1............... $ 192,904.34
 9. Klaussner International LLC..............2............... $ 169,629.64
 10. Ore-Ida Foods......................... 1............... $ 167,382.14

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 3, 2009 Tuesday

BRIEF: City to discuss delinquent court accounts

BYLINE: Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


Feb. 3--MERCEDES -- City officials tonight will discuss their plans for managing
delinquent municipal court accounts.

The move, city officials said, is only a discussion of whether to extend an
existing contract or work with another firm.

Currently, the city has a contract with the Edinburg law firm Linebarger Goggan
Blair & Sampson LLP. The firm isn't expected to collect a set dollar amount in
delinquent court accounts, Finance Director Omar Gonzales, said.

The amount of outstanding fines was not available Monday from the city finance
office.

The city sends a list of delinquent accounts to the firm and it is expected to
collect, he explained.

City Commissioners will discuss this item and others at their regular meeting at
6:30 p.m., in the Commission Room of the Mercedes City Hall Building, 400 S.
Ohio Ave.

Outside of its current vendor, Gonzales said the city has only received one
offer.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090203-HR-BRF-City-to-discuss-delinquent-court-accounts-0203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2009 Valley Morning Star


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 28, 2012, Monday

Ky. mine operators owe $29M in delinquent fines

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 351 words


LOUISVILLE, Ky. - A published report says Kentucky coal operators owe more in
delinquent fines to federal authorities for mine safety violations than any
other state.

The Courier-Journal reports the finding from an analysis it did of records from
the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration.

Records show that Kentucky mine operators owe MSHA $29.2 million, which is 40
percent of the $73.6 million total owed to the agency in mine safety fines. Mine
operators in West Virginia ranked second, owing MSHA $14.7 million in delinquent
fines.

The analysis showed many of the fines are years old, some stemming from safety
violations in 1993.

Wes Addington of the Appalachian Citizens Law Center, which represents coal
miners in safety and health issues, says it shows that MSHA doesn't have enough
regulatory power.

"There's no deterrent at all for companies that don't play by the rules,'' he
said. "If you don't pay a single cent, nothing will happen.''

MSHA chief Joseph Main, however, said the agency has "a very high collection
rate - 85-90 percent.''

It collected $104 million last year in penalties, which is 84 percent of the
fines it assessed. In 2006 and 2007, MSHA collected 90 percent of the penalties
it assessed.

In his statement, Main said the agency is "taking a hard look at mine operators
that do not pay their penalties and will continue working with other agencies
that have an obligation to collect delinquent debt.''

Former mine safety official Tony Oppegard says MSHA needs more power to collect
delinquent fines.

"Presumably unsafe conditions still are being abated [when MSHA safety citations
are issued], but it does make a mockery of the inspection process to a certain
extent'' if fines aren't paid, Oppegard said.

"If you can continue mining and making money, you are devaluing miners' lives,''
he said.

Kentucky Coal Association President Bill Bissett noted that the coal industry
has a constitutional right to appeal any fines, but added that "if a final order
has been rendered, and at that point you've exhausted any kind of legal
recourse, payment should be made.''

- the associated press

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             August 25, 2013 Sunday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

Phila. targets tax deadbeats;
New policies reduced unpaid property-tax accounts, and the debt rose at a slower
rate.

BYLINE: By Patrick Kerkstra; For The Inquirer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 1104 words


Philadelphia's massive property-tax delinquency tab continued to grow over the
last year, rising from $515 million in April 2012 to $522 million this April,
city records show.

But for the first time since Mayor Nutter took office in 2008, the rate of
growth on the delinquency debt slowed sharply. The city also has made notable
gains in reducing the total number of delinquent accounts, from 102,787 in April
of last year to 97,310 in April 2013.

Taken together, the latest figures suggest that the city's collection efforts
are improving but have yet to yield major gains in the decades-long struggle to
contain a delinquency epidemic that ranks among the worst in the nation.

"The important information from us is that we have new eyes on this problem,"
said Thomas Knudsen, who was named the city's new chief collections officer in
April. "We are focused on results. And we are committed to cultural change
internally."

New measures now in place include:

An overhaul of the way the city enforces property-tax delinquency, including
revamping payment plans for those in default and expediting foreclosures for
those who are delinquent. The new ordinance takes effect Oct. 1.

The rollout next month of a program that allows the city to seize income and
rents from tax-delinquent property owners.

The expected passage of state legislation that will allow the city to garnish
the wages of tax delinquents, and to place liens on properties owned by
landlords with holdings outside of Philadelphia.

New enforcement tactics, including threatening delinquent companies with
revocation of business licenses, placing income-producing delinquent properties
into receivership, and seizing the rents to pay off back taxes.

A state-of-the-art data warehouse and case management system to better pursue
tax delinquents.

Setting a target for improved property-tax collections: a total of $34 million,
$19 million of which is allocated for school funding by June 30, the end of the
city's fiscal year.

The Inquirer and PlanPhilly, in stories published this year and in 2011,
chronicled the severe consequences of Philadelphia's long-running neglect of
property-tax collection. The reporting revealed that mass tax delinquency has
had a calamitous effect on property values.

Delinquent properties generate blight at a prodigious pace, racking up huge
numbers of code violations and draining the city's property-tax base of $9.5
billion, the reporting revealed. In addition, most long-term delinquent property
owners are subject to little enforcement action. A majority - 59 percent - are
speculators, landlords, and suburbanites, not owner occupants.

Between 2009 and 2012, Philadelphia's delinquency crisis spread at an alarming
rate, with the total amount owed the city in delinquent taxes, penalties, and
interest growing from $425 million to $515 million, a 21.4 percent surge.
Annualized, the delinquency tab had been growing at more than 7 percent a year.

However, between 2012 and 2013 that growth rate fell to 1.4 percent. In past
years, the Nutter administration might have embraced these numbers as signs of
significant improvement. That is not the case now.

The city's former delinquency chief, Revenue Commissioner Keith Richardson,
abruptly left in April. His replacement, Clarena Tolson, said changing the
culture at the Revenue Department remained a "heavy lift," the new numbers
notwithstanding.

"We're here to do something that's quite simple and basic: Increase our
collections and decrease our delinquency," Tolson said. "If I don't produce
improved collections, then I've not done what I need to do."

Knudsen, who as chief collections officer oversees Tolson's department,
previously served as chief recovery officer for the School District of
Philadelphia and as CEO of the Philadelphia Gas Works. At PGW, he raised the
ratepayer collection rate by 10 percent.

Critics of the city's delinquency enforcement - both in government and out - are
guardedly optimistic about the new leadership.

"Well, nothing has really changed yet," said Councilman Bobby Henon. "But I
think for the first time you can see the light of change coming."

Thomas Ginsberg, project manager at the Philadelphia Research Initiative of the
Pew Charitable Trusts, said city officials "appear to be doing all the right
things."

"I see a recognition of the problems and a willingness to consider doing things
differently," said Ginsberg, who was also the coordinator of a Pew study that
examined the feasibility of collecting delinquent property taxes.

There are nearly 9,500 properties in Philadelphia that are 20 or more years in
arrears on their taxes, a problem that was decades in the making and could well
take years to make right. The recent reforms and the legislative changes are
intended to accomplish just that.

A case in point is the city's property-tax delinquency enforcement law,
rewritten this spring. Sponsored by council members Bill Green and Maria
Quiñones Sánchez, the law seeks to solve two of the most persistent problems in
the city's enforcement apparatus: the inconsistent and poorly managed payment
agreements for delinquent taxpayers, and deeply rooted reluctance to promptly
begin foreclosure proceedings against delinquent properties.

The law obligates the city to follow a long-standing state requirement to
"proceed" on enforcement of tax claims if a property owner is more than one year
delinquent and not in a payment plan.

Through the first seven months of the year, the city was offering an average of
about 360 tax-delinquent properties for sheriff auction per month. That's more
than last year, and a match for all but the highest volume months in the last
decade.

But the sales volume remains well below the Nutter administration's stated
target of 600 properties per month, which would significantly reduce the backlog
of tax-delinquent parcels.

Knudsen said increasing sheriff sales was still a goal. But the administration's
hope is that other enforcement tools - such as putting delinquent properties
into receivership - would relieve some pressure on the sheriff sale system, he
said.

The city views the Sheriff's Office as a hindrance to more aggressive action -
it is the subject of an ongoing FBI investigation. The office is in the middle
of a significant technology makeover, scheduled to be in place by the end of
2014.

Knudsen said the new technology would make it easier for the city to send the
sheriff larger volumes of tax-delinquent properties for auction. "I think we can
probably do a lot better," he said.

Contact Patrick Kerkstra at Patrick@PatrickKerkstra.com or on Twitter
@pkerkstra.


LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            December 8, 2008 Monday

90-Day Delinquencies' Spike Has MBA Worried

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 1 Vol. 173 No. 235

LENGTH: 615  words


Federal, state, and industry efforts to prevent foreclosures are swelling the
backlog of problem loans.

After a long run-up, the percentage of loans entering foreclosure leveled off
last quarter, the Mortgage Bankers Association said Friday.

That might sound like welcome news, but the trade group pointed out that loans
delinquent for 90 days or more - excluding those in foreclosure - jumped by a
record 45 basis points, to 2.2%.

"We're seeing more loans build up in the 90-day bucket as lenders work to modify
loans and states put in place programs that delay foreclosures," Jay Brinkmann,
the MBA's chief economist, said on a conference call with reporters. The 90-day
delinquency rate increased in every state except Alaska, he said.

Mark Vitner, a managing director and senior economist at Wachovia Corp. (which
is being sold to Wells Fargo & Co.), called the accumulation of loans in this
category a sign that the scope of the crisis "is far worse than most people
realize."

"We don't know how much of the increase in 90-day delinquencies is from
properties that really can't be worked out," Mr. Vitner said. Foreclosure "may
be the only option" for a large number of delinquent homeowners.

The MBA said as many as 40% of properties with seriously delinquent loans are
currently vacant. Mr. Brinkmann called that statistic troubling because it meant
government and private-sector efforts to prevent foreclosures would keep many
properties "at a standstill," while artificially lowering foreclosure rates.

Perhaps more worrisome, Mr. Brinkmann said, is that in past recessions
delinquent loans proceeded to foreclosure at much lower rates.

In the past 30 years, roughly 12% to 15% of loans that were 30 days or more past
due eventually went into foreclosure.

That conversion rate has jumped to 30% in the past two years - and as high as
75% in California and 65% in Florida, Mr. Brinkmann said.

Regarding newly delinquent loans, he asked, "Are these loans going to roll into
foreclosure at the same rate as past recessions, or will they go into
foreclosure at these higher rates? In attempting to predict a bottom, it's clear
that the mortgage market is now driven by fundamental issues with jobs and the
economy, and it's difficult to see how that will translate into foreclosures."

Several states, including California, Maryland, and New Jersey, have issued
moratoriums on foreclosure. Partly for that reason, the MBA said, the share of
loans entering foreclosure dipped by 1 basis point from the second quarter (and
rose 29 basis points from a year earlier), to 1.07%.

The MBA also said Friday that loans 30 days or more past due but not yet in
foreclosure rose 58 basis points from the second quarter and 140 basis points
from a year earlier, to 6.99% in the third quarter - the highest rate in 29
years. The share of loans that were in the foreclosure process also set a
record, 2.97%.

Mr. Brinkmann said he had previously characterized the housing crisis as a
problem of "overbuilding, improper underwriting, and speculation."

"Now we have to factor in job losses due to the recession," he said. "We're
going to see a growing delinquency problem among prime mortgages that are driven
by job losses."

The Treasury Department's plan to lower mortgage rates to 4.5% for new-home
purchases - but not refinancings - could have a big impact by helping "put a
floor under prices," he said.

"Once you have some firming up of prices relative to supply, that's where you
see a beneficial effect in terms of delinquencies," he said.

Mr. Vitner agreed that a drop in rates "would add strength to the housing
market," though he also said, "There isn't any one switch that's going to make
this problem go away."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Delinquent tax collections used to demolish properties

BYLINE: Tiffany Y. Latta, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 513 words


Dec. 30--Clark County's land bank will get more than $125,000 this year from
local delinquent tax collections.

The money will be used for land bank operating costs and funding to demolish
properties that are deteriorating neighborhoods, Clark County Community
Development and land bank officials said.

The Clark County Land Reutilization Corporation was created in 2014 and is a
nonprofit organization that can take foreclosed properties and either demolish
structures or rehabilitate them to make them reusable.

Clark County commissioners voted in 2014 to allow 2.5 percent of the county's
Delinquent Tax and Assessment Collection (DTAC) to fund the land bank.

The county treasurer's office collects between $4.5 million and $5 million
annually in delinquent taxes from commercial, residential, industrial, personal
property, manufactured and mobile homes.

Treasurer Stephen Metzger said through Nov. 30 his office had collected more
than $126 million in total taxes this year or just under $5 million more than in
2014. About $5 million of those funds are delinquent tax collections, he said.

"Commissioners, through the agreement of the treasurer, can take up to 5 percent
of the delinquent collections, but they didn't need more than what the
prosecutor or (treasurer) has for collections. Most counties probably gave 5
percent of delinquent collections to the land bank, but we only gave two and a
half percent, the same amount as the prosecutor gets and I get," Metzger said.

The Clark County land bank received $680,000 from the state to acquire and
demolish nearly 50 blighted and abandoned properties in Springfield in 2014.

The Clark County Land Reutilization Corp. was awarded the money through the
Neighborhood Initiative Program to rid area neighborhoods of dilapidated homes
and abandoned proprieties, and return them into productive uses.

The land bank was one of 15 agencies statewide that received the neighborhood
grant money from the Ohio Housing Finance Agency.

When the land bank was created, Clark County had more than 500 properties on the
forfeited land list, which means the properties have gone to a sheriff's sale
twice and haven't been sold.

Of those proprieties, the land bank plans to acquire 48 properties in targeted
neighborhoods for redevelopment in the city of Springfield, Clark County
Community Development Grant Coordinator David Fleck has said.

The funding amounts were based on population, and the magnitude of vacant and
blighted properties owned or identified for acquisition in the area, according
to OHFA.

Commissioner John Detrick, who is a member of the land bank board, said DETAC
funds are a good tool to use to help upgrade neighborhoods.

Detrick said the land bank is funded through DETAC and grants.

He said the land bank has been a success since it began in 2014.

"We've demolished over 40 units in the city and the county. It's been a very
successful tool to continue to upgrade houses," Detrick said.

___ (c)2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151230-1SP-Delinquent
-tax-collections-used-to-demolish-properties-1230-20151230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Tenants rights explained as part of delinquent garbage discussion

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


June 11--Worried you might be left holding the bag if your landlord is
delinquent on city garbage bills?

You have options, said Paul Vojtek, chief executive of the Erie Water Works.

He reminded city of Erie officials last week that many renters living in a
property facing a utility shut-off because of nonpayment by the landlord have
the option, under Pennsylvania law, to pay that bill directly and deduct the
payment from their monthly rent.

It is yet another way tenants' rights have become part of the discussion as the
city of Erie and the Erie Water Works push forward with plans to combine
customers' sewer and garbage bills to deal with more than $2 million in
delinquent refuse accounts.

Vojtek, in an interview, said tenants have that right as long as payment of the
utility bill in question, such as sewer or garbage service, is not specified as
the tenant's responsibility in a lease agreement. The property owner is
typically responsible for a water, sewer or garbage bill.

Although Erie Water Works does not see tenants exercise that option often -- it
has only happened five times thus far in 2014, for example -- Vojtek said he
thought it was important to make both city officials and local renters aware of
that provision of Pennsylvania's Utility Service Tenants Rights Act.

Rental properties make up about 60 percent of the city's roughly 3,300
delinquent refuse accounts. Many of the largest delinquents are landlords who
owe thousands of dollars in late garbage bills on multiple properties, and some
have not paid their refuse bills in a decade.

"There's been some concern expressed in meetings (with city officials) that some
of these moves to better collect garbage bills could end up hurting tenants,
putting them out on the streets," Vojtek said. "I just wanted to point out that
tenants have rights, and the law was designed and approved for that specific
purpose, to protect tenants."

Erie City Council has signed off on two mechanisms aimed at garbage delinquency
collection.

All landlords seeking a rental unit license with the city now must be current on
all garbage fees. Further, Erie Water Works is changing its billing procedures
by combining garbage and sewer fees into one bill for customers and applying
payments to the most delinquent charges first.

That means a customer late on garbage payments would see a payment go toward the
late refuse bill, leaving the sewer bill unpaid, and under state law Erie Water
Works could then legally shut off water service to a customer for delinquent
sewer charges. The new billing process is expected to be in place in early 2015.

The Tenants Rights Act stipulates that a utility company must give both the
landlord and tenant prior notice that it plans to terminate service. A utility
company cannot turn off service without giving the tenant at least 30 days'
notice, according to the law, and the landlord is prohibited from evicting a
tenant or raising rent because a tenant deducts utility charges from the rent.

If a landlord sues a tenant over the issue, the tenant can countersue for an
amount equivalent to two months' rent, according to the Tenants Rights Act.

Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco, chairwoman of council's Finance Committee,
called the tenants' rights law "comforting" as the city moves forward on the
garbage delinquency issue.

"We don't want the tenants to suffer because of landlords who aren't paying,"
she said. "And it's another potential remedy that gives the landlord some
inspiration to settle up the debt, because they don't want to be getting reduced
rent from their tenant."

The Erie Water Works advises any tenant considering such action to call customer
service at 870-8000, Ext. 71, or to contact an attorney for further advice.

Carolyn Myers, a spokeswoman with the Pennsylvania Attorney General's Office,
said local renters with questions about their rights can call the Pennsylvania
Attorney General's Office of Consumer Protection at 871-4371 or toll free at
(800) 441-2555.

They can also visit www.attorneygeneral.gov, where a copy of the full Utility
Service Tenants Rights Act can be found.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140611-EI-Tenants-rights-explained-as-part-of-delinquent
-garbage-discussion-0611-20140611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              May 12, 2003 Monday
                             Volusia Review Edition

County tax auction is set for May 30

BYLINE: Audrey Parente Staff Writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 528  words


Delinquent Volusia County real estate property tax certificates totaling nearly
$20.5 million will be auctioned in the Thomas C. Kelly Administration Center,
123 West Indiana Ave., DeLand, at 9 a.m., May 30.

Revenue Director Bernard Kane said the number of parcels accounting for the
delinquencies total 21,432.

"The number has gone up about seven percent from last year, but there is no
apparent reason, and it might come down by the time we go to sale," Kane said.

A penalty of three percent is charged against delinquent taxes, and once the
auction list is published, a $5 advertising fee is tacked to each unpaid bill.

To avoid the auction, Kane said, delinquent payments plus the fee, must be made
to one of four county locations not later than 5 p.m. on May 29.

The locations are: 250 N. Beach St., Daytona Beach; 2744 Enterprise Rd., Orange
City; 123 W. Indiana Ave., Room 103, DeLand; and 111 Canal St., New Smyrna
Beach.

"Payments must be in our hands by the deadline. Postmarks will not be honored,"
Kane said.

Failure to meet the payment allows interested buyers to bid a particular
interest rate on the overdue taxes.

Once a tax-delinquent property certificate is auctioned, the property owner
would have to pay the amount of back taxes, the penalty, the advertising fee,
five percent commission, five percent interest and a $6.25 service charge
through Aug. 31.

If the owner has not paid the taxes and penalties after at least two years, the
certificate holder could seek a tax sale on the property. When the property is
sold, the certificate holder would receive his initial investment, plus the
total amount of interest due at the bid rate, plus expenses to take the property
to sale.

The certificate holder could also bid for ownership of the property at that
time.

Kane said the tax certificate sale is an effective incentive since the county
usually collects practically all delinquent property taxes as a result of this
procedure.

The tax collector's office also publishes a list of delinquent tangible property
taxes, including such items as business assets, mobile home attachments, rental
condo fixtures and other items.

There are 6,852 delinquent tangibles totaling nearly $1.7 million.

If payments of tangible property taxes are not made by May 30, warrants are
issued and later ratified. Once warrants are ratified, the tax collector has the
right to levy fines and seize property to sell for taxes.

Send questions to any of the four county locations.

Additional copies of Volusia County delinquent tax list, inside this issue, may
be obtained from Volusia Review news racks at the following locations:

DAYTONA BEACH: 901 Sixth St.; Justice Center, 251 N. Ridgewood Ave.; Courthouse,
125 Orange Ave.

ORMOND BEACH: Post Office, 145 W. Granada Blvd.

DELAND: News-Journal Office, 114 S. Alabama Ave.; N. Woodland Blvd. and W. Rich
Ave.; Potato Patch, 635 S. Woodland Blvd.

ORANGE CITY: Post Office, 260 Industrial Drive; News-Journal Bureau, 1107 Saxon
Blvd.; Perkins Restaurant, 1286 Saxon Blvd.

DELTONA: Post Office, 944 Deltona Blvd.

NEW SMYRNA BEACH: Courthouse, 124 Riverside Drive; News-Journal Office, 239
Canal St.

EDGEWATER: G Gas station, 115 N. Ridgewood Ave..

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 27, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Threat to Driver's Licenses Leads to More Child Support

BYLINE: By RAYMOND HERNANDEZ

SECTION: Section B;  Page 4;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 675 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Feb. 26


New York State will start distributing a list of the 10 parents who owe the most
money in child support payments in hopes of putting more pressure on delinquent
parents, Gov. George E. Pataki said today.

The list is the latest measure by the Pataki administration to assure that
parents pay what they owe in child support. The Governor also announced today
that New York had collected nearly $2 million in child-support payments since it
began suspending the driver's licenses of chronic nonpayers.

In connection with his campaign to publicize the names of the 10 most delinquent
parents, the Governor displayed "Wanted" posters with their names and
photographs. Together, they owe about $750,000 in support for 24 children, state
officials said.

"I hope that making public the names of these delinquent parents serves as a
wake-up call to other parents who owe child support," Mr. Pataki said.

At the top of the list is Lewis Brown of Freeport, L.I., who the state says owes
$126,665 in support payments for his two children. Of the 10 people on the list,
9 are men. The lone woman is Elizabeth Moore of Albany, who officials say owes
$53,467 in payments to her two children.

Mr. Pataki said the $2 million that the state had collected so far in its
campaign against delinquent parents came from 1,400 people who received notices
from the State Department of Social Services warning them that their licenses
would be revoked if they did not begin making child-support payments.

Under the new policy, put in place six months ago, New York mailed notices to
380,000 delinquent parents last fall in an attempt to put some sting into
child-support collection programs that have proved to be largely ineffective.
State officials hope the policy will reduce welfare costs by enabling some
families who begin getting their child-support payments to pull themselves out
of poverty.

"Children need the financial and emotional support of both parents," the
Governor said in a statement today. "It's important that people get the message
that abandoning your children violates a fundamental human value."

State courts have 380,000 cases of child-support payment orders in place. In
350,000 of those cases, or 92 percent, parents are behind in payments. Together,
they owe about $1.6 billion, state officials said. In 170,000 cases, or almost
half, no payments have ever been made.

Last year, the state collected $622 million in child-support payments, including
the $2 million brought in under the new program.

Until now, the new policy of suspending licenses has been in effect only in New
York City and 10 other counties. But Mr. Pataki said today that it would be
expanded into a statewide program beginning Friday.

The policy permits state officials to randomly compare Department of Motor
Vehicle records to lists of parents who have fallen more than four months behind
in child-support payments. The licenses of delinquent parents remain suspended
until they either pay the arrears or agree to a payment schedule.

State officials said the policy is expected to increase child-support payments
by $30 million this year because it will be used in the entire state.

Before the new policy was enacted, the state's strongest tool for enforcing
child-support payments was to deduct money from a delinquent parent's paychecks.
But that policy has often been ineffective because people change jobs often, and
many employers are slow to forward information to the state.

These are the names the Governor made public today, with their places of
residence and the amount of money the state says each one owes:

Lewis D. Brown, Freeport, L.I. -- $126,665.

Leonardo Almonte, Copaigue, L.I. -- $94,750.

Craig Hackett, Mount Vernon -- $89,551.

Norbert Meier, Voorheesville -- $77,825.

Ronald Ayers, North Collins -- $70,401.

Nicholas Kovalas, Riverhead, L.I. -- $62,613.

Noel H. Piercy, Buffalo -- $62,000.

Michael Thomas, Kingston -- $61,182.

Oscar Antonio Genao, Shirley, L.I. -- $56,405.

Elizabeth Moore, Albany -- $53,467.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gov. George E. Pataki displayed the "Wanted" posters of two
parents who the state says have skipped out on child-support payments.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 22, 2014

Five Cities That Are Still Paying for Loan Meltdown

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14 Vol. 39 No. 1

LENGTH: 699  words


Credit quality has steadily improved throughout the industry, but lenders in
some cities still have a case of persistent heartburn when it comes to
delinquent loans.

In at least five large metro areas - Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and
Indianapolis - the delinquency rate remained above the national average in three
lending categories as of June 30, according to data from research firm Trepp
LLC. The categories are commercial real estate, construction and multifamily
housing.

In Atlanta, for example, the proportion of delinquent construction loans
improved from 21.7% as of June 30, 2012, to 7.8% as of June 30 this year,
according to Trepp. But that's still 450 basis points above the national average
of 3.3%.

Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and Indianapolis each posted similar rates of
steady improvement, but it hasn't been enough to fully compensate for the damage
done during the financial crisis, said Matthew Anderson, a managing director at
Trepp. The pace of a metropolitan region's economic recovery is often the prime
factor.

"In Chicago itself, for example, the economy is recovering, but slower than in
Los Angeles or New York," Anderson said.

The situation could leave lenders in these markets vulnerable to another
economic shock. Concerns have risen that credit quality could take a turn for
the worse, as some banks have been loosening underwriting standards to beat out
rivals for commercial and industrial loans, as they chase higher yields. The
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve have both
warned about loosening of underwriting standards in the past year.

Trepp's count of delinquent loans combines three categories: loans that are 30
to 89 days past due; loans that are past due 90 days or longer; and nonaccrual
loans.

Atlanta and Chicago have been slower to recover because both cities have a large
number of small, independent banks. Those institutions have had a harder time
unloading delinquent assets, said Jim Adkins, a founder and managing member of
Artisan Advisors in Barrington, Ill.

"They really haven't had the opportunity to clean themselves up like the big
boys have," Adkins said. "They haven't had the capital to get the bad loans off
their books."

Indeed, larger banks that operate in the Chicago area have cleaned up their
books. Noncurrent loans, as a percentage of all loans, at $19 billion-asset TCF
Financial, in Wayzata, Minn., improved to 1.61% at the end of the second
quarter, compared with 2.53%, as of June 30, 2012. TCF operates 159 branches in
the Chicago area.

"The whole story in credit at TCF is improving," William Cooper, TCF's chairman
and chief executive, said on Sept. 8 at the Barclays Global Financial Services
Conference.

To cope with credit quality issues, some banks have diversified types of
geographies of lending and tried to lower deposit costs.

TCF "changed its model" to increase core deposits and expand lending nationally.
Those moves have helped TCF improve its credit quality, Cooper said.

"To the degree we had credit issues at the bank, they weren't credit issues off
the national, they were residential loans we made in our own marketplace,
commercial real estate loans we made in our own marketplace," Cooper said. "The
credit quality...of those national platforms is excellent and will continue to
be excellent."

But large and regional banks, like TCF, have also had advantages that community
banks lacked, Anderson said.

"The larger banks had more severe credit-quality problems early on, but they've
also had much greater access to capital markets," he said. "The first round of
stress testing had the desired, but also unanticipated, outcome that the large
banks were immediately able to go out to the capital markets and raise equity."

Factors specific to a region also play a role in the rate of improvement,
Anderson said. Some areas, like the Southwest and the West, seem poised to lead
the nation's loan growth over the coming months. But those areas also had
steeper declines, and thus had farther to come back.

"There was a lot of construction on the periphery of the metro area of Atlanta,"
Anderson said. "When the market fell, the exurban areas were hit particularly
hard."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 22, 2014

Five Cities That Are Still Paying for Loan Meltdown

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14 Vol. 39 No. 1

LENGTH: 699  words


Credit quality has steadily improved throughout the industry, but lenders in
some cities still have a case of persistent heartburn when it comes to
delinquent loans.

In at least five large metro areas - Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and
Indianapolis - the delinquency rate remained above the national average in three
lending categories as of June 30, according to data from research firm Trepp
LLC. The categories are commercial real estate, construction and multifamily
housing.

In Atlanta, for example, the proportion of delinquent construction loans
improved from 21.7% as of June 30, 2012, to 7.8% as of June 30 this year,
according to Trepp. But that's still 450 basis points above the national average
of 3.3%.

Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and Indianapolis each posted similar rates of
steady improvement, but it hasn't been enough to fully compensate for the damage
done during the financial crisis, said Matthew Anderson, a managing director at
Trepp. The pace of a metropolitan region's economic recovery is often the prime
factor.

"In Chicago itself, for example, the economy is recovering, but slower than in
Los Angeles or New York," Anderson said.

The situation could leave lenders in these markets vulnerable to another
economic shock. Concerns have risen that credit quality could take a turn for
the worse, as some banks have been loosening underwriting standards to beat out
rivals for commercial and industrial loans, as they chase higher yields. The
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve have both
warned about loosening of underwriting standards in the past year.

Trepp's count of delinquent loans combines three categories: loans that are 30
to 89 days past due; loans that are past due 90 days or longer; and nonaccrual
loans.

Atlanta and Chicago have been slower to recover because both cities have a large
number of small, independent banks. Those institutions have had a harder time
unloading delinquent assets, said Jim Adkins, a founder and managing member of
Artisan Advisors in Barrington, Ill.

"They really haven't had the opportunity to clean themselves up like the big
boys have," Adkins said. "They haven't had the capital to get the bad loans off
their books."

Indeed, larger banks that operate in the Chicago area have cleaned up their
books. Noncurrent loans, as a percentage of all loans, at $19 billion-asset TCF
Financial, in Wayzata, Minn., improved to 1.61% at the end of the second
quarter, compared with 2.53%, as of June 30, 2012. TCF operates 159 branches in
the Chicago area.

"The whole story in credit at TCF is improving," William Cooper, TCF's chairman
and chief executive, said on Sept. 8 at the Barclays Global Financial Services
Conference.

To cope with credit quality issues, some banks have diversified types of
geographies of lending and tried to lower deposit costs.

TCF "changed its model" to increase core deposits and expand lending nationally.
Those moves have helped TCF improve its credit quality, Cooper said.

"To the degree we had credit issues at the bank, they weren't credit issues off
the national, they were residential loans we made in our own marketplace,
commercial real estate loans we made in our own marketplace," Cooper said. "The
credit quality...of those national platforms is excellent and will continue to
be excellent."

But large and regional banks, like TCF, have also had advantages that community
banks lacked, Anderson said.

"The larger banks had more severe credit-quality problems early on, but they've
also had much greater access to capital markets," he said. "The first round of
stress testing had the desired, but also unanticipated, outcome that the large
banks were immediately able to go out to the capital markets and raise equity."

Factors specific to a region also play a role in the rate of improvement,
Anderson said. Some areas, like the Southwest and the West, seem poised to lead
the nation's loan growth over the coming months. But those areas also had
steeper declines, and thus had farther to come back.

"There was a lot of construction on the periphery of the metro area of Atlanta,"
Anderson said. "When the market fell, the exurban areas were hit particularly
hard."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 22, 2014

Five Cities That Are Still Paying for Loan Meltdown

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14 Vol. 39 No. 1

LENGTH: 699  words


Credit quality has steadily improved throughout the industry, but lenders in
some cities still have a case of persistent heartburn when it comes to
delinquent loans.

In at least five large metro areas - Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and
Indianapolis - the delinquency rate remained above the national average in three
lending categories as of June 30, according to data from research firm Trepp
LLC. The categories are commercial real estate, construction and multifamily
housing.

In Atlanta, for example, the proportion of delinquent construction loans
improved from 21.7% as of June 30, 2012, to 7.8% as of June 30 this year,
according to Trepp. But that's still 450 basis points above the national average
of 3.3%.

Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and Indianapolis each posted similar rates of
steady improvement, but it hasn't been enough to fully compensate for the damage
done during the financial crisis, said Matthew Anderson, a managing director at
Trepp. The pace of a metropolitan region's economic recovery is often the prime
factor.

"In Chicago itself, for example, the economy is recovering, but slower than in
Los Angeles or New York," Anderson said.

The situation could leave lenders in these markets vulnerable to another
economic shock. Concerns have risen that credit quality could take a turn for
the worse, as some banks have been loosening underwriting standards to beat out
rivals for commercial and industrial loans, as they chase higher yields. The
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve have both
warned about loosening of underwriting standards in the past year.

Trepp's count of delinquent loans combines three categories: loans that are 30
to 89 days past due; loans that are past due 90 days or longer; and nonaccrual
loans.

Atlanta and Chicago have been slower to recover because both cities have a large
number of small, independent banks. Those institutions have had a harder time
unloading delinquent assets, said Jim Adkins, a founder and managing member of
Artisan Advisors in Barrington, Ill.

"They really haven't had the opportunity to clean themselves up like the big
boys have," Adkins said. "They haven't had the capital to get the bad loans off
their books."

Indeed, larger banks that operate in the Chicago area have cleaned up their
books. Noncurrent loans, as a percentage of all loans, at $19 billion-asset TCF
Financial, in Wayzata, Minn., improved to 1.61% at the end of the second
quarter, compared with 2.53%, as of June 30, 2012. TCF operates 159 branches in
the Chicago area.

"The whole story in credit at TCF is improving," William Cooper, TCF's chairman
and chief executive, said on Sept. 8 at the Barclays Global Financial Services
Conference.

To cope with credit quality issues, some banks have diversified types of
geographies of lending and tried to lower deposit costs.

TCF "changed its model" to increase core deposits and expand lending nationally.
Those moves have helped TCF improve its credit quality, Cooper said.

"To the degree we had credit issues at the bank, they weren't credit issues off
the national, they were residential loans we made in our own marketplace,
commercial real estate loans we made in our own marketplace," Cooper said. "The
credit quality...of those national platforms is excellent and will continue to
be excellent."

But large and regional banks, like TCF, have also had advantages that community
banks lacked, Anderson said.

"The larger banks had more severe credit-quality problems early on, but they've
also had much greater access to capital markets," he said. "The first round of
stress testing had the desired, but also unanticipated, outcome that the large
banks were immediately able to go out to the capital markets and raise equity."

Factors specific to a region also play a role in the rate of improvement,
Anderson said. Some areas, like the Southwest and the West, seem poised to lead
the nation's loan growth over the coming months. But those areas also had
steeper declines, and thus had farther to come back.

"There was a lot of construction on the periphery of the metro area of Atlanta,"
Anderson said. "When the market fell, the exurban areas were hit particularly
hard."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 22, 2014

Five Cities That Are Still Paying for Loan Meltdown

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14 Vol. 39 No. 1

LENGTH: 699  words


Credit quality has steadily improved throughout the industry, but lenders in
some cities still have a case of persistent heartburn when it comes to
delinquent loans.

In at least five large metro areas - Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and
Indianapolis - the delinquency rate remained above the national average in three
lending categories as of June 30, according to data from research firm Trepp
LLC. The categories are commercial real estate, construction and multifamily
housing.

In Atlanta, for example, the proportion of delinquent construction loans
improved from 21.7% as of June 30, 2012, to 7.8% as of June 30 this year,
according to Trepp. But that's still 450 basis points above the national average
of 3.3%.

Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and Indianapolis each posted similar rates of
steady improvement, but it hasn't been enough to fully compensate for the damage
done during the financial crisis, said Matthew Anderson, a managing director at
Trepp. The pace of a metropolitan region's economic recovery is often the prime
factor.

"In Chicago itself, for example, the economy is recovering, but slower than in
Los Angeles or New York," Anderson said.

The situation could leave lenders in these markets vulnerable to another
economic shock. Concerns have risen that credit quality could take a turn for
the worse, as some banks have been loosening underwriting standards to beat out
rivals for commercial and industrial loans, as they chase higher yields. The
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve have both
warned about loosening of underwriting standards in the past year.

Trepp's count of delinquent loans combines three categories: loans that are 30
to 89 days past due; loans that are past due 90 days or longer; and nonaccrual
loans.

Atlanta and Chicago have been slower to recover because both cities have a large
number of small, independent banks. Those institutions have had a harder time
unloading delinquent assets, said Jim Adkins, a founder and managing member of
Artisan Advisors in Barrington, Ill.

"They really haven't had the opportunity to clean themselves up like the big
boys have," Adkins said. "They haven't had the capital to get the bad loans off
their books."

Indeed, larger banks that operate in the Chicago area have cleaned up their
books. Noncurrent loans, as a percentage of all loans, at $19 billion-asset TCF
Financial, in Wayzata, Minn., improved to 1.61% at the end of the second
quarter, compared with 2.53%, as of June 30, 2012. TCF operates 159 branches in
the Chicago area.

"The whole story in credit at TCF is improving," William Cooper, TCF's chairman
and chief executive, said on Sept. 8 at the Barclays Global Financial Services
Conference.

To cope with credit quality issues, some banks have diversified types of
geographies of lending and tried to lower deposit costs.

TCF "changed its model" to increase core deposits and expand lending nationally.
Those moves have helped TCF improve its credit quality, Cooper said.

"To the degree we had credit issues at the bank, they weren't credit issues off
the national, they were residential loans we made in our own marketplace,
commercial real estate loans we made in our own marketplace," Cooper said. "The
credit quality...of those national platforms is excellent and will continue to
be excellent."

But large and regional banks, like TCF, have also had advantages that community
banks lacked, Anderson said.

"The larger banks had more severe credit-quality problems early on, but they've
also had much greater access to capital markets," he said. "The first round of
stress testing had the desired, but also unanticipated, outcome that the large
banks were immediately able to go out to the capital markets and raise equity."

Factors specific to a region also play a role in the rate of improvement,
Anderson said. Some areas, like the Southwest and the West, seem poised to lead
the nation's loan growth over the coming months. But those areas also had
steeper declines, and thus had farther to come back.

"There was a lot of construction on the periphery of the metro area of Atlanta,"
Anderson said. "When the market fell, the exurban areas were hit particularly
hard."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 22, 2014

Five Cities That Are Still Paying for Loan Meltdown

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14 Vol. 39 No. 1

LENGTH: 699  words


Credit quality has steadily improved throughout the industry, but lenders in
some cities still have a case of persistent heartburn when it comes to
delinquent loans.

In at least five large metro areas - Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and
Indianapolis - the delinquency rate remained above the national average in three
lending categories as of June 30, according to data from research firm Trepp
LLC. The categories are commercial real estate, construction and multifamily
housing.

In Atlanta, for example, the proportion of delinquent construction loans
improved from 21.7% as of June 30, 2012, to 7.8% as of June 30 this year,
according to Trepp. But that's still 450 basis points above the national average
of 3.3%.

Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and Indianapolis each posted similar rates of
steady improvement, but it hasn't been enough to fully compensate for the damage
done during the financial crisis, said Matthew Anderson, a managing director at
Trepp. The pace of a metropolitan region's economic recovery is often the prime
factor.

"In Chicago itself, for example, the economy is recovering, but slower than in
Los Angeles or New York," Anderson said.

The situation could leave lenders in these markets vulnerable to another
economic shock. Concerns have risen that credit quality could take a turn for
the worse, as some banks have been loosening underwriting standards to beat out
rivals for commercial and industrial loans, as they chase higher yields. The
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve have both
warned about loosening of underwriting standards in the past year.

Trepp's count of delinquent loans combines three categories: loans that are 30
to 89 days past due; loans that are past due 90 days or longer; and nonaccrual
loans.

Atlanta and Chicago have been slower to recover because both cities have a large
number of small, independent banks. Those institutions have had a harder time
unloading delinquent assets, said Jim Adkins, a founder and managing member of
Artisan Advisors in Barrington, Ill.

"They really haven't had the opportunity to clean themselves up like the big
boys have," Adkins said. "They haven't had the capital to get the bad loans off
their books."

Indeed, larger banks that operate in the Chicago area have cleaned up their
books. Noncurrent loans, as a percentage of all loans, at $19 billion-asset TCF
Financial, in Wayzata, Minn., improved to 1.61% at the end of the second
quarter, compared with 2.53%, as of June 30, 2012. TCF operates 159 branches in
the Chicago area.

"The whole story in credit at TCF is improving," William Cooper, TCF's chairman
and chief executive, said on Sept. 8 at the Barclays Global Financial Services
Conference.

To cope with credit quality issues, some banks have diversified types of
geographies of lending and tried to lower deposit costs.

TCF "changed its model" to increase core deposits and expand lending nationally.
Those moves have helped TCF improve its credit quality, Cooper said.

"To the degree we had credit issues at the bank, they weren't credit issues off
the national, they were residential loans we made in our own marketplace,
commercial real estate loans we made in our own marketplace," Cooper said. "The
credit quality...of those national platforms is excellent and will continue to
be excellent."

But large and regional banks, like TCF, have also had advantages that community
banks lacked, Anderson said.

"The larger banks had more severe credit-quality problems early on, but they've
also had much greater access to capital markets," he said. "The first round of
stress testing had the desired, but also unanticipated, outcome that the large
banks were immediately able to go out to the capital markets and raise equity."

Factors specific to a region also play a role in the rate of improvement,
Anderson said. Some areas, like the Southwest and the West, seem poised to lead
the nation's loan growth over the coming months. But those areas also had
steeper declines, and thus had farther to come back.

"There was a lot of construction on the periphery of the metro area of Atlanta,"
Anderson said. "When the market fell, the exurban areas were hit particularly
hard."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Five Cities that Are Still Paying for Commercial Lending Meltdown

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 179 No. 144

LENGTH: 699  words


Credit quality has steadily improved throughout the industry, but lenders in
some cities still have a case of persistent heartburn when it comes to
delinquent loans.

In at least five large metro areas-Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and
Indianapolis-the delinquency rate remained above the national average in three
lending categories as of June 30, according to data from research firm Trepp
LLC. The categories are commercial real estate, construction and multifamily
housing.

In Atlanta, for example, the proportion of delinquent construction loans
improved from 21.7% as of June 30, 2012, to 7.8% as of June 30 this year,
according to Trepp. But that's still 450 basis points above the national average
of 3.3%.

Baltimore, Chicago, Milwaukee and Indianapolis each posted similar rates of
steady improvement, but it hasn't been enough to fully compensate for the damage
done during the financial crisis, said Matthew Anderson, a managing director at
Trepp. The pace of a metropolitan region's economic recovery is often the prime
factor.

"In Chicago itself, for example, the economy is recovering, but slower than in
Los Angeles or New York," Anderson said.

The situation could leave lenders in these markets vulnerable to another
economic shock. Concerns have risen that credit quality could take a turn for
the worse, as some banks have been loosening underwriting standards to beat out
rivals for commercial-and-industrial loans, as they chase higher yields. The
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve have both
warned about loosening of underwriting standards in the past year.Trepp's count
of delinquent loans combines three categories: loans that are 30 to 89 days past
due; loans that are past due 90 days or longer; and nonaccrual loans.

Atlanta and Chicago have been slower to recover because both cities have a large
number of small, independent banks. Those institutions have had a harder time
unloading delinquent assets, said Jim Adkins, a founder and managing member of
Artisan Advisors in Barrington, Ill.

"They really haven't had the opportunity to clean themselves up like the big
boys have," Adkins said. "They haven't had the capital to get the bad loans off
their books."

Indeed, larger banks that operate in the Chicago area have cleaned up their
books. Noncurrent loans, as a percentage of all loans, at $19 billion-asset TCF
Financial, in Wayzata, Minn., improved to 1.61% at the end of the second
quarter, compared with 2.53%, as of June 30, 2012. TCF operates 159 branches in
the Chicago area.

"The whole story in credit at TCF is improving," William Cooper, TCF's chairman
and chief executive, said on Sept. 8 at the Barclays Global Financial Services
Conference.

To cope with credit quality issues, some banks have diversified types of
geographies of lending and tried to lower deposit costs.

TCF "changed its model" to increase core deposits and expand lending nationally.
Those moves have helped TCF improve its credit quality, Cooper said.

"To the degree we had credit issues at the bank, they weren't credit issues off
the national, they were residential loans we made in our own marketplace,
commercial real estate loans we made in our own marketplace," Cooper said. "The
credit quality "\xA6 of those national platforms is excellent and will continue
to be excellent."

But large and regional banks, like TCF, have also had advantages that community
banks lacked, Anderson said.

"The larger banks had more severe credit-quality problems early on, but they've
also had much greater access to capital markets," he said. "The first round of
stress testing had the desired, but also unanticipated, outcome that the large
banks were immediately able to go out to the capital markets and raise equity."

Factors specific to a region also play a role in the rate of improvement,
Anderson said. Some areas, like the Southwest and the West, seem poised to lead
the nation's loan growth over the coming months. But those areas also had
steeper declines, and thus had farther to come back.

"There was a lot of construction on the periphery of the metro area of Atlanta,"
Anderson said. "When the market fell, the exurban areas were hit particularly
hard."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Internal Revenue Service: REVENUE OFFICER (ATAT) 14CW3-SBB1429-1169-13-CG

LENGTH: 2560  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:REVENUE OFFICER (ATAT)

Department:Department Of The Treasury

Agency:Internal Revenue Service

Job Announcement Number:14CW3-SBB1429-1169-13-CG
SALARY RANGE:
 $82,642.00 to $127,187.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, June 23, 2014 to Monday, July 07, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1169-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 2 vacancies in the following location(s):
Oakland, CA View Map
Sacramento, CA View Map
Bloomington, IN View Map
Indianapolis, IN View Map
Lafayette, IN View Map
More Locations  (1)
WHO MAY APPLY:


IRS employees on Career or Career Conditional Appointments in the competitive
service

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

WHAT DOES A REVENUE OFFICER DO? As a Revenue Officer you will be responsible for
collecting delinquent accounts, securing delinquent tax returns and determining
actions necessary to bring taxpayers into full compliance. In this position, the
cases assigned involve taxpayers and taxpaying entities with high income levels
from diversified sources including substantial foreign income and assets. You
will execute all procedures and processes consistent with the protection of
taxpayer rights afforded by law and in a manner than ensures the honesty and
integrity of the service.
WHAT IS THE SB/SE DIVISION?The Small Business/Self-Employed (SB/SE) Division
provides examinations and taxpayer education services for about 7 million small
businesses and upwards of 33 millions self-employed and supplemental income
taxpayers. SB/SE taxpayers generally have higher incomes than most taxpayers,
need to file twice as many tax forms, and generally need to rely more on paid
tax preparers and the taxpayer education outreach activities of the IRS.


Positions are located in 1 vac to be filled in 2017 S Liberty Dr Bloomington, IN
575 N Pennsylvania Indianapolis, IN 955 Mezzanine Dr Ste B Lafayette, IN or 201
Thomas Johnson Dr Frederick MD; 1 vac to be filled in 1301 Clay St Oakland, CA
or 4330 Watt Ave Sacramento, CA.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Travel locally and/or overnight approximately one to five days per month

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."
    Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Revenue Officer you will:

Collect delinquent tax and secure delinquent returns from taxpayers who have not
resolved their obligations.
    Conduct interviews with taxpayers and/or their representatives in different
environments such as the business location, residence or office as part of the
investigative process.
    Provide guidance on a wide range of financial problems to assist the
taxpayer in developing a plan of action to resolve all delinquencies.
    Analyze sophisticated financial statements/records that include balance
sheets, income statements and profit and loss statements.
    Search public records, tax returns, and financial and credit information to
locate distrainable assets.
    Perform complex credit and financial analysis and evaluation of assets on
casework involving actions.
    Recognize novel and complex issues that often arise in taking appropriate
enforcement action such as suits, seizures and injunctive relief actions.
    Compose complex correspondence, technical reports, research, affidavits,
statements and testimony necessary to support complex or sophisticated
collection action in court cases to Appeals and Criminal Investigation.

WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more
about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.

GS-13 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of
difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal
service. Specialized experiencedemonstrating the ability to: Collect delinquent
Federal taxes and securing delinquent returns; Conduct investigations of alleged
criminal violations of Federal tax statutes and making recommendations for
criminal prosecutions and civil penalties; Perform internal audits,
administrative, or management duties directly related to the collection of
Federal taxes; Furnish taxpayer assistance and information to the general public
or determine, redetermine, or advise of liability for Federal taxes.
At this level, you must demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of the Internal
Revenue Code and related regulations and procedures pertaining to income,
estate, gift, employment, or excise taxes; knowledge of a wide range of
investigative or analytical techniques and methods; Knowledge of accounting
practices and methods sufficient to analyze and evaluate financial
statements/records (e.g., balance sheets, profit and loss statements, income
statements, bank records, etc.) sufficient to locate distrainable assets,
determine ability to pay, and trace and follow income streams; Specialized
knowledge of tax and business laws, regulations, judicial processes, laws of
evidence, revenue rulings, precedent decisions, etc.; Ability to meet and deal
effectively with taxpayers and/or their representatives, who may be
uncooperative or hostile; and the Ability to write clear and concise examination
reports.

Additional Specialized Experience:

To be qualifying, your experience must be sufficient to demonstrate the ability
to: Conduct collection activities using a variety of Collection tools such as
levy, Notice of Federal Tax Lien, seizure, and suits involving multi-layered
and/or multi-entity nominee/alter-ego investigations. Comprehensive knowledge of
business laws, practices, judicial processes, rules of evidence, court decisions
and relationship between Federal and State laws. Secure delinquent returns using
a variety of tools such as summons and preparing substitute for returns per IRC
6020(b); use computer systems to capture information secured and to aid in the
collection of Federal taxes or delinquent Federal tax returns and to conduct
research such as locator services, credit bureau reports, and real estate
programs; prepare the assembly of trust fund recovery penalty files, suit and
seizure packages and lien activity packages including discharge, subordination,
and withdrawal as well as drafting special condition liens.

-The experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One
year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis.
-To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of
employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your
resume.

In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following, if
applicable:
You must have been at the GS-12 level for 52 weeks (time-in-grade requirement).

Positions will be handling ATAT cases "Abusive Tax Avoidance Transactions"
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your resume, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your resume includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated on the CJEs of the position to be
filled per the National Agreement Article 13.

Your application will also be rated and ranked among others, based on your
responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education,
training, performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this
position. IRS employees may obtain most recent awards listing at
https://persinfo.web.irs.gov/

Your rating may be lowered, if your responses to the online questions are not
supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to
participate in a selection interview. We will not reimburse costs related to the
interview such as travel to and from the interview site

If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), you must receive a score of 80 or better to
be rated as well qualified to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://careerconnector.jobs.treas.gov/cc/irs/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId
=2&jnum=108439


OTHER INFORMATION:
POSITION DESCRIPTIONS: 95517
An IRS intranet website is available for IRS Employees at website:
http://apps2.dss.swro.swr.irs.gov/spds/spds.exe?cmd=searchSpd

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

This is a bargaining unit position.
    Alternative work schedule, staggered work hours or telework may be
available.
    Tour of Duty: Monday - Friday 7:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. start time negotiable
    The employment of any candidate, including a current employee or a new hire,
selected for this position may be conditional upon classification and/or audit
of federal tax returns. This audit may include up to 2 years of returns.
    File a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report within 30 days of selection
and on an annual basis from then on.
    Obtain and Maintain a Moderate Risk clearance.
    No special physical demands are required to perform the work.  There may be
some walking, standing, bending, carrying of light items, or driving an
automobile.

NOTE:  YOU MUST SUBMIT ALL DOCUMENTATION BY 11:59 P.M. ET ON THE CLOSING DATE OF
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR CONSIDERATION.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

Treasury believes in a working environment that supports inclusion; please view
our reasonable accommodation policies and procedures at
http://jobs.irs.gov/seasonal/reasonable-accommodation.html. We will provide
reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a case-by-case
basis. Please contact Katie Haugen @ 801-620-6525 if you require this for any
part of the application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.
    You will be re-directed to Treasury's CareerConnector system to complete
your application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents. To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.
    To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.
    To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account,
select the Application Status link and then select the more information link for
this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received.
    To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and
click Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your
resume and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will
be incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
CareerConnector Help Desk at careerconnectorhelp@treasury.gov and/or the USAJOBS
Help Desk.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A resume, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you will not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.)
http://www.jobs.irs.gov/downloads/CoverLetterTips.pdf
To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/year and
number of hours worked for experience listed on your resume. We suggest that you
preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your resume to ensure
that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view resume tips
http://www.jobs.irs.gov/downloads/ResumeTips.pdf
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) DOCUMENTATION
If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee, click CTAP for eligibility
and a detailed list of required documents. IRS CTAP eligibles can apply for jobs
within and outside the commuting area.

IRS Reassignment Preference Program (RPP)
You must meet the requirements in your RPP notice. Submit a copy of your RPP
Notice along with a copy of your most recent annual performance appraisal. Your
performance appraisal must have a fully successful or higher overall rating.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL/AWARDS
Submit a copy of your most recent completed performance appraisal.

EMPLOYMENT DOCUMENTATION
EDUCATION DOCUMENTATION
If you are qualifying for this position by substituting education or training
for experience, submit a copy of your transcripts or equivalent. If the position
has specific education requirements and you are currently (or have previously
been) in the Federal job series to be filled, there is no need to submit a
transcript or equivalent at this time.

An official transcript will be required if you are selected.

A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or
pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of
Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to
Department of Education Accreditation page.
If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of
creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Refer to the
OPM instructions.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
IRS Jobs Online Help Desk
Phone: 866-743-5748 Option 1
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: hco.ogdenemp3@irs.gov
Agency Information:
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE
1973 N Rulon White Blvd
M/S 1513
Ogden, UT
84404
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status."
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement. Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Morning Call

                          November 18, 2004, Thursday

Northampton County, Pa., school district considers crackdown on tax deadbeats

BYLINE: By Kathy Lauer-Williams

LENGTH: 386 words



The Northampton Area School District is considering hiring a Montgomery County
law firm to collect more than $ 1.2 million in delinquent real estates tax.

Alan Portnoff of Portnoff Law Associates of Wynnewood told the school board
during a presentation Monday that his firm has a 75 percent success rate once it
gets involved.

Portnoff said his firm, which only collects delinquent taxes, represents 40
Pennsylvania school districts and municipalities, including Easton, Bethlehem
and Allentown. Portnoff said the company has been collecting delinquent taxes
for 17 years.

"We are a law firm and not a collection agency," he said. "It is not fair for
the people who pay their taxes to have to subsidize those who choose not to."

He said the firm offers an initial grace period up to 30 days, in which 25
percent to 35 percent of taxpayers usually pay. He said the firm is paid $ 40
for each initial mailing, and all subsequent legal fees are paid by the
taxpayer.

The district's delinquent taxes are collected by Northampton County, which
charges a 5 percent fee on the overdue amount and other fees.

Portnoff said the firm is able to pursue tax scofflaws more aggressively than
Northampton County, which legally must wait 21/2 years before placing a property
up for sheriff's sale.

Karen Miller, of the county's delinquent tax office, said Portnoff's fees are
very high and put more burden on the taxpayer.

She said the county's fees are lower and that laws governing sheriff sales are
"intended to protect the taxpayer."

She added having Portnoff collect delinquent taxes also might cause confusion
among taxpayers.

However, Portnoff said the firm offers a hardship program that allows taxpayers
with extenuating circumstances to establish a payment plan.

He admitted the firm has a reputation for being tough on delinquent taxpayers
but that it usually results in fewer future delinquencies once the firm takes
over.

The school board, which is interested in increasing the return on delinquent
taxes, last year considered publishing the names of tax scofflaws on the
district's Web site.

The board will consider the Portnoff proposal at its December meeting.


-----

To see more of The Morning Call, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mcall.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: AA-TAX-DEADBEATS-20041118

JOURNAL-CODE: AA

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                        Copyright 2004 The Morning Call


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 3, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Delinquent Common Charges

SECTION: Section 11; Page 8; Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 674 words



Q: What happens when those who live in a condominium pay extra common charges
for owners who do not pay their way? Over a period of 15 or 30 years, a $250 a
month additional fee adds up to a hefty sum.  Those of us who do pay our share
actually wind up paying for those who do not. When this money is recovered at
the time of sale because of liens placed on the apartment by the condominium
association, do we get reimbursed? What if we move out before the delinquent
homeowner sells? Is the board obligated to find us and reimburse us? . . . Jeff
Shermer, Plainview, N.Y.
A: Arthur I. Weinstein, a Manhattan lawyer who is vice president of the Council
of New York Cooperatives and Condominiums, said that a condo unit's common
charges are usually based on that unit's percentage interest in the condominium.
If one or more of the owners do not pay their common charges, he said, the board
has the right to divide the resulting shortfall among the paying unit owners in
the form of higher common charges.

"If the condominium recovers the shortfall from the delinquent owners, the
condominium's cash needs will be reduced and the unit owners will indirectly
recover the extra amount laid out for the delinquent owners," Mr. Weinstein
said.

He said that the letter writer is correct in pointing out that if he moves from
the building before the money is recovered he will not receive the benefits. At
the same time, however, he said, it is possible that the letter writer is now
enjoying the benefits of recovered delinquencies that were paid for by former
owners of his apartment.

It is possible for the board to establish a policy that will ensure that those
who contributed to a delinquent owner's shortfall will be repaid.  "You could
suggest to the board that the problem be solved by an agreement among all unit
owners that provides that shortfalls be funded by loans to the condominium from
each unit owner," Mr. Weinstein said.  "Those loans would then be repaid to each
unit owner when the arrearages are recovered."

However, he said, this would be an awkward way to handle the problem, and he
would generally recommend against it. "Arranging for loans would require the
agreement of all unit owners," he said. "And since the condominium's lien for
unpaid common charges is secondary to any unpaid bank loans secured by the
defaulting owner's apartment, it is by no means certain that the condominium
will recover the shortfall."

And that, he said, could result in the loans from unit owners remaining on the
books of the condo forever.

Painting Apartment That's Stabilized

Q: Our building's new owner has discontinued the previous owner's practice of
having rent-stabilized apartments painted every three years. A month ago, I sent
a certified letter to the new owner requesting a new paint job, and the response
has been stony silence. Would the easiest resolution be for me to hire a painter
and deduct the cost from my rent? . . . Mel Schechter, Manhattan.
A: Fred L. Seeman, a Manhattan landlord-tenant lawyer, said that while the Rent
Stabilization Law does not require landlords to paint tenants' apartments, the
New York City Housing Maintenance Code requires a landlord to paint a tenant's
apartment once every three years.

"Armed with the knowledge that the new owner is in violation of the Housing
Maintenance Code, the tenant should complete the paper trail he has already
begun," Mr. Seeman said.

He explained that the tenant should send another certified letter to the new
owner pointing out that the owner's continued failure to paint the apartment is
a violation of the Housing Maintenance Code.

The letter should put the owner on notice that if he fails to paint the
apartment, the tenant will have no choice but to have the apartment repainted in
a similar color scheme and then deduct the cost of the repainting from the rent.

If the landlord then takes the tenant to court, Mr. Seeman said, the tenant can
produce the letters and the bill for the painting as a legal defense.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Oregon: Revenue Agent 3 Job Code: DOR14-0021

LENGTH: 934  words

DATELINE: Salem


The State of Oregon has issued the following Job Vacancy:

Job Code:  DOR14-0021
Job Title:  Revenue Agent 3
Opening Date/Time:  Tue. 02/25/14 12:00 AM Pacific Time
Closing Date/Time:  Tue. 03/11/14 11:59 PM Pacific Time
Salary:  $2,942.00 - $4,273.00 Monthly
Job Type:  Permanent
Location:  Portland, Oregon
Agency:  Revenue-Personal Tax & Compliance



Description  Benefits  Supplemental Questions





The Oregon Dept. of Revenue is currently recruiting for Revenue Agent 3 to join
our Personal Tax and Compliance unit in Portland. This is a full-time, SEIU
represented position. This recruitment may be used to fill additional vacancies
as they occur.
The purpose of this position is to collect tax liabilities for all tax programs,
secure delinquent tax returns, and resolve account maintenance problems on
assigned accounts. Provide information to the public in a helpful, pleasant and
professional manner. The work is performed both in the field and from the
office.

Duties & Responsibilities:

Take appropriate action to collect delinquent taxes. This is accomplished in the
following ways:
·         Contact taxpayer or representative, by phone or in person, to
encourage payment before determining appropriate legal action.
·         Set up, monitor and enforce payment agreements based on financial
information gathered in the field, by phone or provided on financial statements
completed by taxpayers. Verify accuracy of information obtained.
·         Generate notices, correspondence and demands regarding delinquent
taxes.
·         Locate taxpayers, search for assets and determine collection potential
of accounts by performing field, computer and telephone research. This may
include locating and inventorying real and personal property assets and
determining priority of existing liens.
·         Initiate warrants and garnishments against assets when appropriate
(wages, bank accounts, real property or other assets that are subject to
garnishment).
·         Determine and assess officer liability per established policies and
procedures. This involves determining who is responsible for paying the
withholding debt.
·         Coordinate collection action with other agencies to setup payments,
perform compliance checks and share information to determine liability.
·         Document all contacts online.
·         Determine collectability of account and when appropriate, take
necessary action to recommend the liability be cancelled.
·         Review settlement offers for required documentation and refer
completed offers to the Settlement Offer Committee for review.
·         Receive and receipt payments in the field and convey them to
appropriate field office staff for processing.
·         Take last resort collection action when necessary per established
processes and procedures. These actions could include till taps, license
suspensions, contract suspensions, seizures and any other agency approved
action.
Take appropriate action to bring all assigned taxpayers into compliance in all
tax programs. This is accomplished in the following ways:
·         Initiate notices, correspondence and demands to notify taxpayers to
file delinquent returns for all applicable tax programs.
·         When taxpayers file requested delinquent returns, perform a cursory
review of the return received and forward the return for processing or refer the
return to the appropriate person for audit or adjustment.
·         When taxpayers do not comply with the request for filing delinquent
returns, initiate the necessary correspondence and assess tax, penalty and
interest appropriately or refer the case to the appropriate person for
follow-up.
·         Resolve all tax account maintenance issues including calculating
adjustments of monies, locating misapplied payments and documenting actions on
the system.
Assist and educate the public both in person and by telephone. This is done in
the following ways:
·         Answer general questions about various tax programs administered by
the department.
·         Providing correct forms and publications as needed.
·         Explaining department notices, procedures and policies to taxpayers
and tax professionals.
·         Participation in assistance events, this could include assisting
taxpayers in filing tax returns, speaking to local business groups on tax
topics, participating in business fairs, and making presentations to interested
groups on various tax topics.
WORKING CONDITIONS
The working conditions include frequent contact with taxpayers by phone, in
person or occasionally in remote locations that are frustrated or upset.
Occasionally subjected to profanity and infrequently subjected to threat of
bodily harm. This position is required to take appropriate safety measures and
there will be an occasional need to inspect construction sites, heavy equipment,
and vehicles to assess for feasibility of seizure, by climbing in, on, and over
obstacles. Regular operation of motor vehicle; occasionally driving in hazardous
weather conditions. Occasional overnight travel; working before or after regular
business hours. Continuous exposure to noise from phones, computers and voices
in an open work area. Frequent leafing through files and file folders. Continual
use of video-display terminals, telephone and calculators, requires sitting and
using keyboards and keypads for extended periods of time. Occasionally required
to lift items, typically up to 15 pounds and occasionally up to 50 pounds, climb
stairs, bend, squat, twist, reach, and walk frequently over uneven terrain.

For Further information please visit: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/oregon/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Investors wary of project's tax-bill gamble

BYLINE: JOHN DAVIS

SECTION: A; ARTICLE; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: NORTH PORT


NORTH PORT

They named their project Gran Paradiso, and developers certainly had big dreams
for an exclusive, gated subdivision at North Port's western gateway.

But today, Gran Paradiso's claim to fame is its status as Sarasota County's
biggest tax delinquent, with $3 million in taxes overdue since April.

Gran Paradiso cannot entice investors to front the cost of the delinquent taxes,
even with the incentive of 18 percent interest on the advance.

The wariness signals an erosion of confidence in the community's future in an
already dismal real estate market.

Gran Paradiso's are by far Sarasota County's largest unpaid tax bills; 2,000
other parcels, many in North Port, combined account for about $650,000.

Each year, Sarasota County and other local governments collect money to cover
delinquent taxes by auctioning instruments called tax certificates. Interest
rates for the certificates start at 18 percent and bidders willing to take the
lowest amount in interest win the certificate.

The bidders essentially pay the tax bills as short-term loans to property
owners, profiting by the interest.

Unsold certificates, like those for Gran Paradiso, automatically go to the 18
percent rate of interest, an added incentive to investors.

Last year, the 18 percent deal was enough to attract buyers for all of the
county certificates. Gran Paradiso was not among the delinquent.

Whether investors are willing to tie up hundreds of thousands of dollars while
gambling that the development will eventually pay the debt with interest appears
increasingly unlikely.

Most of the development's unpaid taxes are covered by 12 tax certificates,
including one for $936,452, after interest and other fees.

Florida tax certificate investing expert James Mikel recommends against buying
such large certificates. He says the Gran Paradiso deal would mean unnecessary
risk, when investors could spread the same amount of money over hundreds of
parcels, spreading the risk of not being paid while still having the potential
for an 18 percent return.

"You don't want to have a huge risk on a few properties," said Mikel, noting
that he advises investors to focus on properties in the $25,000 to $40,000
range, typically vacant land where a few hundred in taxes are owed.

The lower tax bill typically means owners are not in a rush to pay the tax bill
-- meaning more interest for investors -- but attainable enough that the owner
is not likely to remain delinquent for two years, prompting the investor to seek
to force a sale of the property to pay the taxes and interest.

In Gran Paradiso's case, the company would have to come up with more than half a
million dollars just to cover interest for one year, in addition to the $3
million bill itself.

The prospect of insolvency is also a threat.

"If the company files for bankruptcy, that could create a hindrance," Mikel
said.

More jarring than the absence of buyers for Gran Paradiso's debt is the
developer's inability to pay its taxes, given that developer Sam Rodgers and
partners, under limited liability companies, spent more than $55 million to buy
the Gran Paradiso parcels in 2004.

Local real estate agent Russ Smith calls it another sign of dismal times for a
community with an uncertain future.

"Those folks, they know the cost of holding on," said Smith of the years an
investor could wait before seeing a return on Gran Paradiso's tax debt.

All but about $64,000 of the tax debt is owed to the West Villages Improvement
District. West Villages is a state-sanctioned development district allowed to
issue bonds and charge assessments to landowners to build a community from
scratch, including streets, water and sewer service and other infrastructure.

Venice attorney Jeff Boone, who represents the district's largest landowner,
Fourth Quarter Properties, said his client has not been alarmed by Gran
Paradiso's failure to pay, noting that the development as a whole has slowed in
the current downturn.

"Everybody's just doing their best to try to get through this," he said.

Rodgers, head of the Gran Paradiso companies, declined to comment for this
story.

In April, Rodgers said the tax bill would be paid in full by April 30. When the
payment was not made, the tax certificates went to public auction in May and
failed to sell.

The certificates are now available on the tax certificate sale Web site,
www.sarasotacountytaxsale.com.

Mikel noted that Gran Paradiso is not the only developer facing this problem. In
Miami-Dade, a tax certificate worth $1.7 million has also gone unsold. It is for
taxes owed by TCI Investment Group for a property with a taxable value of $82
million.

With homebuilding in North Port at a standstill in July and August, Smith said
that the value of Gran Paradiso's land is a non-factor to investors, who are
wary of whether the development will begin making money any time soon.

Gran Paradiso remains little more than an elaborate gate with trailers for
business offices and six model homes for potential buyers. Rex Rodgers, Sam
Rodgers' son and business partner, was staffing one of the models recently, but
did not want to talk about the tax situation. He noted that a handful of houses
have been sold and Gran Paradiso is open for business.

"We can't stop now," he said.

The development's Web site offers homes from the $200,000 range to over $1
million, substantially higher than many of the houses available in central North
Port, where foreclosures and a glut of inventory have driven prices to record
lows, in many cases less than the cost of construction.

"It's so far down that the land is not the big issue," Smith said. "It's the
cost of building a house."

FAX BOX

GRAN PARADISO:

In dismal real estate market, no takers on its certificates

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Gran Paradiso development, at North Port's western gateway, has so
far failed to entice investors to front the cost of its $3 million in delinquent
taxes, even with the incentive of 18 percent interest on the advance.
PHOTO:STAFF PHOTOS / DAN WAGNER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Lake to sue tax-delinquent Gary School Board member

BYLINE: Bill Dolan, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


June 17--CROWN POINT _ Lake officials plan to sue to recover more than $566,000
in delinquent property taxes and late penalties owed by a Gary School Board
member.

Lake County Attorney John Dull said Monday the Lake County Board of
Commissioners authorized litigation aimed at 96 parcels now under the name of
Marion R. Williams, who has represented the Gary Community School Corp.'s 4th
District since 2008.

The school district has recently been forced to close six schools because of
declining enrollment and an inability to collect even half the property taxes on
official books, contributing to the school district's $23.7 million budget
deficit.

Dull said if the county wins a judgment against Williams, it can "garnish the
money that he receives as a member of the Gary School Board as well as any other
monies on file that you can discover," Dull stated.

The Board of Commissioners and the county treasurer share the responsibility of
collecting overdue property taxes, usually by selling delinquent properties to
the highest bidder at auctions three times a year.

Treasurer John Petalas said many of Williams' properties already are scheduled
to go on the block at his upcoming tax sale later this summer, but he notes many
of Gary's more than 10,000 abandoned properties rarely sell.

Petalas said he has directed his attorneys to pursue Williams and other
delinquent taxpayers in court previously.

Williams said if the county proceeds against him he will file his own class
action suit "in the name of all Gary citizens" against the county for assessing
property values at unreasonably high amounts.

Williams said he is only one of many property owners trying to reinvest in his
community, holding long-abandoned lots and houses made largely worthless by
vandalism, high tax assessments and a refusal by banks to lend to Gary property
owners.

Williams said he had little success in getting the Calumet Township assessor to
acknowledge the assessment problem as he sees it. Edward Gholson, chief deputy
assessor for Calumet Township, said last week Williams can appeal to the county
and the state if he remains dissatisfied.

County records indicate the parcels under Williams' name have an official
assessed value of more than $1.2 million, even though he bought many of them in
county tax sales for less than $100 apiece.

Williams said last week some of the properties he owned were divided among his
ex-wife and children following a divorce, although county records still reflect
him as the owner.

Dull said the county has sued Williams for the taxes that accrued when he was
the owner of the properties, whether or not he now owns them.

Williams also said he also believes the tax situation is being used by opponents
within the school district disturbed by his complaints about waste and
corruption.

___ (c)2014 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140617-MU-Lake-to-sue-tax-delinquent-Gary-School-Board-member-20140617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2014 The Times


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

West Virginia: Coal Co. Operating Above the Law, Revitalizing Coal Country,
14-Year-Old TN. Banjo Picker & more

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia Public Broadcasting has issued the following news release:

Perfect for your Thanksgiving road-trip: Fifty-one minutes of some great
Appalachian stories, including: NPR's mine safety investigation continues. Where
is the the mine with the highest delinquent fines in the U.S.? What happens when
mines don't pay their fines? And an update from the Appalachian Project, and how
a financial adviser in Johnson City, TN decided to begin recording oral
histories across Appalachia. These stories and more, in this week's episode of
Inside Appalachia.

Last week we heard two reports from a joint investigation on the mining industry
by NPR and Mine Safety and Health News. The investigation found that mining
companies and contractors owe nearly 70 million dollars to the government for
violating federal health and safety laws. But the mines' owners have been able
to stay in business and continue to extract coal. Where is the mine with the
highest delinquent fines in the U.S.? For that, reporter Anna Boiko-Weyrauch
takes us to Kentucky.

Credit Courtesy of the Meade family

What happens when mines don't pay their fines? Now a big, bureaucratic failure
with real implications for the people who work in mines. Turns out the federal
mine safety agency has not collected millions of dollars in penalties for safety
violations in the nation's mines. NPR's investigative series found that during
the time period when mining companies were delinquent in their payments, they
committed 130,000 additional violations. NPR's Howard Berkes examines one last
question. Since fines are supposed to deter unsafe practices, what can be done
to make delinquent mine owners pay up?

What's in a Name?  This town in Appalachia gets its name from a frightening
creek that almost swept two travelers underwater. Is it Hell for Certain, KY,
Difficult, Tennessee or Deadly, Pennsylvania?

Appalachian Project Up

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

West Virginia: Coal Co. Operating Above the Law, Revitalizing Coal Country,
14-Year-Old TN. Banjo Picker & more

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia Public Broadcasting has issued the following news release:

Perfect for your Thanksgiving road-trip: Fifty-one minutes of some great
Appalachian stories, including: NPR's mine safety investigation continues. Where
is the the mine with the highest delinquent fines in the U.S.? What happens when
mines don't pay their fines? And an update from the Appalachian Project, and how
a financial adviser in Johnson City, TN decided to begin recording oral
histories across Appalachia. These stories and more, in this week's episode of
Inside Appalachia.

Last week we heard two reports from a joint investigation on the mining industry
by NPR and Mine Safety and Health News. The investigation found that mining
companies and contractors owe nearly 70 million dollars to the government for
violating federal health and safety laws. But the mines' owners have been able
to stay in business and continue to extract coal. Where is the mine with the
highest delinquent fines in the U.S.? For that, reporter Anna Boiko-Weyrauch
takes us to Kentucky.

Credit Courtesy of the Meade family

What happens when mines don't pay their fines? Now a big, bureaucratic failure
with real implications for the people who work in mines. Turns out the federal
mine safety agency has not collected millions of dollars in penalties for safety
violations in the nation's mines. NPR's investigative series found that during
the time period when mining companies were delinquent in their payments, they
committed 130,000 additional violations. NPR's Howard Berkes examines one last
question. Since fines are supposed to deter unsafe practices, what can be done
to make delinquent mine owners pay up?

What's in a Name?  This town in Appalachia gets its name from a frightening
creek that almost swept two travelers underwater. Is it Hell for Certain, KY,
Difficult, Tennessee or Deadly, Pennsylvania?

Appalachian Project Up

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           December 22, 2012 Saturday

A.M. BRIEFING

SECTION: Pg. C-4

LENGTH: 467 words


FEWER AREA HOME LOANS DELINQUENT

Home loan delinquency rose a bit last month, according to Lender Processing
Services' monthly report. A total of 7.12 percent of homes across the country
were 30 days or more past due but not in foreclosure at the end of November.
That's 1.19 points over October but still down 9.06 points from this time last
year.

For the Jacksonville area, LPS' latest figures are for October. They show 9.21
percent of loans being delinquent, down 2.5 points from September and 3.8 down
from a year earlier.

A report from another data analyst, CoreLogic, has different numbers, similar
trends. It reported 13.65 percent of home loans in the Jacksonville 90 days or
more delinquent at the end of October. That's the lowest rate since August 2011.
The foreclosure rate of 8.33 percent is the lowest since December 2010.

Roger Bull/The Times-Union

DELTA NEEDS MORE FLIGHT ATTENDANTS

ATLANTA | Delta Air Lines is looking for up to 400 flight attendants, many of
them for overseas flights for next summer.

Roughly one-third of the hires will be people who speak the language in some of
the overseas cities where Delta flies. It's looking for speakers of Portuguese,
Japanese, Mandarin and Hindi.

Delta says it has received 22,000 applications. CEO Richard Anderson says in a
message to employees that Delta is getting two applications every minute.

Delta plans to begin interviewing applicants in January, with training beginning
in the spring.

Starting two years ago, Delta added 1,000 flight attendants, including recalling
425 from furlough.

Associated Press

AUTOMAKER PLANS WEST GEORGIA PLANT

HOGANSVILLE, GA. | Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal says a Korean auto manufacturer
plans to build a new casting facility at its manufacturing complex in west
Georgia, creating 660 jobs by 2020.

Mando Corp. announced plans in 2011 to construct its existing manufacturing
facility in Meriwether County.

Deal said in a statement Friday that it selected the west Georgia site for an
expansion involving the new casting facility after a competitive search.

Deal said that with the expansion, Mando will become the largest employer in
Meriwether County.

Associated Press

DISNEY PURCHASES LUCASFILM LTD.

BURBANK, CALIF. | Disney says it has completed its acquisition of Lucasfilm Ltd.
for $4.06 billion in cash and stock.

The company said Friday that it issued 37.1 million shares and made a cash
payment of $2.21 billion to buy the maker of "Star Wars" from its sole owner,
George Lucas.

The total transaction value was based on Friday's closing price of $50 for
Disney shares.

The deal includes special effects giant Industrial Light & Magic, video game
maker LucasArts and sound studio Skywalker Sound.

The Walt Disney Co. has said it will revive the "Star Wars" franchise beginning
with "Episode 7" in 2015.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 18, 2009 Thursday

Allen County is owed $10M, wants it now

BYLINE: Heather Rutz, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


Jun. 18--LIMA -- Just as property owners have an obligation to pay their taxes,
county treasurers are legally bound to collect it.

That's the thought behind stepped up efforts by the Allen County Treasurer's
Office to secure delinquent tax dollars.

Collections manager Bob Scherger, hired in February, updated county
commissioners Wednesday about his efforts to date.

Allen County has more than $10 million owed on 3,600 parcels from delinquent
property owners, Scherger said. The county identified the top 700 most
delinquent parcels, representing $7.4 million.

"We've ID'd the top 700 heavy hitters and we're getting after them," Scherger
said.

Since February, Scherger has brought $486,000 current, he said.

Scherger's position, created when others at the county have been eliminated, is
funded through delinquent tax dollars collected; a state law allows counties to
take a percentage off the top they collect to fund the work.

Treasurer Jim Link is also using two new methods to address the issue.

Link or Scherger are nearly complete visiting all townships, villages and cities
in the county asking for help tracking down delinquent taxpayers.

"The thinking is that these are the folks who know the people in their
communities and have information that can help us," Link said. "Did this person
move in with his kids or move out of state? That kind of thing." Link said he
will annually visit elected officials with delinquent lists, which are public
record, from their communities.

The office and city are about six months away from implementing another solution
now allowed by Ohio law, administrative foreclosure.

When a property is vacant and abandoned and has delinquent taxes, a new board
being established can foreclose on the property and move it to ownership by the
city, which can quickly sell it or develop it, Link said. The program is
different than the current slow moving land bank system, which can take years to
move a property.

You can comment on this story at www.limaohio.com.

To see more of The Lima News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.limanews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090618-LM-Allen-County-is-owed-10M-wants-it-now-0618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2009 The Lima News


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday

Collection of delinquent fees a boost to city

BYLINE: Don Spatz, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Oct. 13--There's a bit of good news in the city's quest to find more money: The
company hired to collect delinquent trash and recycling fees has wrested more
than $1 million from delinquent payers, well over the $600,000 projected.

In September 2009, Norristown-based Portnoff Law Associates was handed 4,000
accounts with delinquencies totaling $1.4 million. It not only billed the
customers for the city fees, but added its own collection fees to the bills,
resulting in no out-of-pocket expense to the city.

Geoffrey Zolna, city solid waste manager, said Tuesday that officials believed
that using the firm would help collect the delinquencies but the city wasn't
expecting more than $1 million.

The money goes to the city's Recycling Enterprise Fund, an account separate from
its general fund budget. Although that fund had a deficit in 2008 and 2009, it
now has a surplus, Mayor Tom McMahon said.

Most of the money will stay in the fund, said Frank Denbowski, the mayor's chief
of staff and former solid waste coordinator.

But he said about $300,000 will go to pay legitimate trash and recycling
expenses that normally are paid from the general fund, such as the salaries of
the workers who pick up the baskets and leaves, or clean trash and debris from
the gutters and catch basins.

Denbowski said the money is a one-time windfall because the city was catching up
with several years of delinquencies. Portnoff will continue to collect the
delinquent fees next year, but he said the amount likely won't be as much.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101013-RE-Collection-of-delinquent-fees-a-boost-to-city-1013-20101013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2010 Reading Eagle


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: NOTICE OF DELINQUENT RENT

LENGTH: 125 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Utah Legal Notices, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

NOTICE OF DELINQUENT RENT

Due to the delinquent rent and charges, Cedar Hills Storage is disposing of the
contents of the following units.

The entire contents of each unit listed below WILL BE DISPOSED OF on June 22,
2013.

THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC AUCTION.

Name, City, State, Zip, Unit#.
Flores, Michelle , Price, UT 84601, unit 296, All items located in unit
Barker, Kit, Price, UT 84501, unit 167, All items located in unit
Ballard, Jared, Unit 212/219, All items located in units
Panfil, Shelly, Pocatello, ID 83201, Unit 162, All items located in unit
Julian, Dennis, Homedale, ID , Unit 194, All items located in unit

For further information please visit: http://utahlegals.com/.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

We need to detain fewer kids

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 535 words


North Dakota knows it has problems with its prison system. Overcrowding has the
state looking for alternatives in other states for housing prisoners and ways to
reduce the inmate count. Two stories on Sunday by reporter Andrew Sheeler looked
at these issues.

A less talked about situation deals with the detention of juvenile delinquents.
A Forum News Service story on Monday noted that North Dakota is the only state
that hasn't seen a drop in the per-capita rate of delinquents required to live
in correctional centers, group homes and other facilities. Experts argue that
evidence shows most delinquents fare better when they can stay with their
families and in their schools, according to the story.

While more than half of states reported a decline of more than 50 percent in the
per-capita rate of delinquents detained from 2001 to 2013, North Dakota saw an
18 percent increase. The figures come from an analysis by the Pew Charitable
Trusts, a national nonprofit group.

Why North Dakota has bucked the trend that has seen all the other states post
declines remains uncertain.

One reason may be related to the lack of mental health and substance abuse
programs in rural communities, resulting in delinquents needing these services
being sent to facilities where they can receive them. Many of these kids are
nonviolent.

While state officials question some of the Pew data, they acknowledge the state
continues to detain more juveniles. They do stress that judges weigh what's best
for the child along with what's in the best interest of the community. The
Tribune doesn't disagree that some juveniles need to be locked up. They have
committed violent crimes and pose a threat to society. However, there doesn't
seem to be a good reason why North Dakota can't reduce its number of kids being
detained.

The Pew study and state officials say the best results occur when juveniles can
stay close to home and school. "Anytime you can serve kids closer to their home
environment, that's the best that we can all do," Lisa Bjergaard, director of
the Juvenile Services Division at the state Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation, told the Forum News Service.

If other rural states, like Montana, can reduce their numbers, North Dakota
should be able to do so.

North Dakota's Commission on Alternatives to Incarceration has been looking at
ways to reduce the number of inmates in the state, with the main focus on
adults. Sen. Ron Carlisle, R-Bismarck, who chairs the commission, says this is
the type of issue commission members have been examining. They brought a number
of bills to the last legislative session. Just one dealt with juveniles and it
passed. It eliminated the mandatory transfer of juveniles to adult court in
cases that involve making, delivering or possessing drugs.

The commission and other agencies need to find ways to reduce the number of
juveniles being detained. The Tribune has argued for some time that the state
jails too many people. It's essential the state finds ways to rehabilitate
juveniles before they become adult offenders and help clog our cells. This may
require providing more services to rural communities, but it will be worth it if
we can set more kids on the right path.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                           February 6, 2008 Wednesday
                        3 ENFIELD/NORTH CENTRAL EDITION

BRINGING IN THE OVERDUE TAXES;
MORE AGGRESSIVE COLLECTION URGED

BYLINE: LARRY SMITH; Courant Staff Writer

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: ENFIELD --


Town officials are considering ways to more aggressively pursue delinquent
property taxpayers.

Finance Director Lynn Nenni told the town council Monday that the town collects
about 97 percent of the taxes owed to it. While the collection percentage is
high, the uncollected taxes are worth more than $2 million and are owed by more
than 200 taxpayers, Nenni said.

"To begin with, we really do have a good collection rate," Nenni said.

Nenni is recommending that the town send out notices to delinquent taxpayers on
a more regular basis than their tax bills. She is also recommending that the
town have regular annual auctions on delinquent properties.

Under the current ordinance, the town can't pursue delinquent taxes until three
years have gone by, Nenni said. However, state statutes say delinquency starts
the day after the taxes are due, she said.

Council member William Ragno has been urging the town to do a better job at
collecting delinquent taxes.

Ragno said while a two or three percent non-collection rate may seem small, the
amount of money that represents is significant. Collecting delinquent taxes
could help officials prevent raising taxes for everyone, he said.

"I think it's a matter of being equitable for people paying their taxes," Ragno
said.

Town Attorney Kevin Deneen said the town council has previously passed four
resolutions on tax collections. Deneen said there are some open questions in the
resolutions on issues such as what constitutes an attempt to pay delinquent
taxes that have to be made clear.

The amount of money owed the town, whether through a lien or not, takes
precedence over any other debt the property owner has, Deneen said.

Council members have suggested other ways to encourage paying off delinquencies
such as not letting delinquent contractors bid on town projects, preventing
delinquent developers from doing any developments until their debt is paid or
sending property owners notices other than their bi-annual tax bills.

Mayor Scott Kaupin said the council's general government will oversee research
on the issue before the full council considers a resolution.

Contact Larry Smith at lsmith@courant.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday

San Benito school board president owed taxes

BYLINE: Fernando Del Valle, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


May 11--SAN BENITO -- School board President Oscar Medrano was delinquent on
property taxes for two years in this town where former Mayor Joe Hernandez was
ousted from office last year when records showed he owed taxes.

Medrano, a volunteer services coordinator at Valley Regional Medical Center in
Brownsville, faces Fatima Huerta, a student at University of Texas at
Brownsville, for the board's Place 6 seat in Saturday's election.

Medrano, who said he paid most of his back taxes Tuesday, owed $1,705.15 in
delinquent taxes, penalties and interest on two properties for 2009 and 2010,
Carlos Rodriguez, supervisor of Cameron County's property tax division, said.

Medrano on Tuesday paid the taxes, penalties and interest on the home on
Poinciana, but remained delinquent on property taxes, penalties and interest on
a lot on Norma Linda Road, Rodriguez said late Tuesday afternoon.

Medrano owed $1,2-

47.28 in taxes, penalties and interest for 2009 and 2010 on a home at 216 N.
Poinciana and $457.87 in delinquent taxes, penalties and interest for 2010 on a
six-acre lot on Norma Linda Road, officials said.

But delinquent taxes will not affect his eligibility to be a candidate because
the school district does not prohibit delinquent taxpayers from seeking or
holding office, Emma McCall, the district's business manager, said.

McCall said Medrano was current on his school taxes.

Since 2004, Medrano was late in paying his taxes on the home on Poinciana,
Rodriguez said.

Medrano, who said he moved from the Poinciana home in 2008, said he hadn't paid
his taxes on the property because he had been trying to sell it to a buyer who
would assume tax liability.

"I'm negotiating right now to sell the house," said Medrano, who was first
elected in 2008.

Unpaid taxes became an issue here when San Benito city commissioners declared
that Hernandez had violated a City Charter clause they claim states that elected
officials forfeit office when they are delinquent on city property taxes.

Hernandez owed taxes on his home, barbershop and lot when he was removed from
office in January 2010.

Hernandez, who has argued the City Charter clause applies to candidates seeking
office, has made an issue of his ouster during his campaign that pits him
against Mayor Jack Garcia.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleymorningstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Valley Morning Star,
Harlingen, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110511-HR-San-Benito-school-board-president-owed-taxes-0511-20110511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2011 Valley Morning Star


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           November 22, 2008 Saturday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

McNall lands on list of tax scofflaws;
DEBT: $7.4 million owed to the state.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 402 words


Self-made millionaire Bruce Patrick McNall, the former owner of the Los Angeles
Kings whose deal to bring Wayne Gretzky to the team jump-started hockey in
California, is one of the state's biggest tax scofflaws, according to a list
released Friday.

McNall, whose Tarzana business empire collapsed amid scandal in the 1990s, is
listed by the Board of Equalization as the fifth-largest sales and use tax
delinquent in California.

His former business, Summa Stable, owes the state almost $7.4 million in
delinquent sales and use taxes. McNall remained among the top sales tax debtors
in the updated list released by the Board of Equalization, which since 2007 has
been mandated by law to post the list of the state's top 250 tax delinquents.

McNall, 58, now co-chairman of A-Mark Entertainment motion picture productions
in Santa Monica, did not return calls to his office seeking comment.

Other major tax delinquents from the San Fernando Valley include Belle Marmick
Inc., doing business as Amigo's Flooring Monster in Woodland Hills, which owes
$3.97 million; and Shawn Glenn Silver of Tarzana, who owes the state $2.7million
and who was among the new names added to the list Friday.

They rank ninth and 12th, respectively, in the list of delinquent debtors.
Samuel Hagop Dournazian, doing business as Vegas Truck Stop, of Glendale, who
owes more than $2million, was still on the list.

Also new on the list from the Valley are Deals on Wheels Inc. of Van Nuys, which
owes more than $1 million; Rene Chavez of Northridge, $904,166; and El Paraiso
Furniture II of San Fernando, $607,678.

A spokesman for the Board of Equalization said his office could not disclose any
more information about the companies other than what appeared on its Web site.

Some of the delinquent companies, including Amigo's Flooring, have filed for
bankruptcy. Other debtors, such as Deals on Wheels, have gone out of business,
while others, among them Rene Chavez and El Paraiso, have moved and could not be
located for comment, the state said.

McNall, who according to his autobiography "Fun While It Lasted" filed for
bankruptcy during the 1990s, was clearly the biggest name on the list of tax
delinquents.

Once the owner of the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League as well
as the Kings, McNall had also produced several Hollywood movies, including "The
Manhattan Project" and "Weekend at Bernie's."

tony.castro@dailynews.com

818-713-3761

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Helping Homeowners

BYLINE: By MATTHEW GOLDSTEIN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 544 words


A four-year program by a federal housing agency to sell its most delinquent
mortgages to private investors is producing modest returns when it comes to
keeping those struggling borrowers in their homes.

To date, 2,049 mortgage sold to investors under the program have been reworked
to allow the borrowers -- many of whom had not made a mortgage payment in three
years -- to remain in their homes and start making payments again, according to
a report released Friday by the Department of Housing and Urban Development.

But the overwhelming majority of the 73,000 troubled mortgages sold to
investment firms, private equity shops and hedge funds have been either
foreclosed on or the borrower was permitted to walk away from a home in exchange
of forfeiting any rights to the property. Roughly half of the loans sold to
investors remain delinquent and have yet to be reworked, sold or foreclosed.

The report from HUD offers the first comprehensive look at the sale of
nonperforming loans guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration. HUD began
the selling seriously delinquent mortgage to private investors at a discount in
an attempt to reduce the federal government's potential exposure. The
government's obligation to pay out on any claims arising from the loans ends
once they are sold to private buyers.

The report said that without the mortgage sales, almost all of the loans would
end up in foreclosure, given how delinquent the borrowers were on making
payments. Federal officials have said private buyers have a better chance of
reworking the mortgages because the loans are bought at a significant discount.

''For the purchasers, the program is an opportunity to acquire assets at
competitive prices with the flexibility to service the assets while providing
borrowers an opportunity to avoid costly foreclosures,'' the report said.

From 2010 to 2013, private investors acquired loans with unpaid balances of
$12.6 billion. HUD has sold another 23,000 delinquent loans worth about $4
billion that were not included in the report because the sales took place in the
past few months.

Private investors have been buying these delinquent loans from HUD and packaging
the ones that can't be reworked into unrated bonds that are then sold to mutual
funds, insurance firms. The bonds typically are short-duration securities that
payout based on the value of the mortgages being liquidated in a foreclosure
proceedings.

The investors buying the nonperforming loans are generally prohibited from
foreclosing on the mortgages until at least six months after purchasing them.

Some private buyers also are starting to pool reworked loans into securities,
while other buyers are more interested in foreclosing on the mortgages to
acquire the homes in order to operate them as rental properties.

The HUD report said the biggest buyers of the delinquent loans, many of which
were issued to borrowers in Florida, New Jersey and Illinois, were Lone Star
Funds; Bayview Asset Management, a firm backed by the Blackstone Group; and
Oaktree Capital Management.

A significant number of delinquent loans purchased by the private buyers at the
HUD auctions were later resold to other firm, the report found.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/09/02/federal-program-helps-keep-some-
delinquent-borrowers-in-their-homes/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

RANTS & RAVES

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 330 words


Comments from readers:

I'M CALLING IN response to an article I'm reading about the delinquent accounts.
I'm a transplant to Augusta. Where I'm from, if your personal property taxes are
delinquent, that property can be seized and sold on the courthouse steps. So I'm
not understanding why these personal property taxes are delinquent - if they are
indeed delinquent over the 90 days. Now as far as business licenses, then that
business is not operating legally. Why not go over there and padlock it so they
can't operate? If they can't operate, I'm sure they'll pay their fees then.

RON CROSS WANTS the police to monitor alcohol sales at our Columbia County
parks. How about having the police sit at some red lights and catch the three or
four people that go through the red light every time it changes and protect some
lives instead of worrying about money?

I'M READING THE RANTS and raves from July 2 on where sex offenders can live.
It's sad they may not have somewhere to live, but I'm happy. My daughter was 7
four-and-a-half years ago, and she was molested by a 15-year-old. I didn't even
know he was convicted until we got the paperwork saying he was getting out. He's
been locked up three years. So I'm relieved that she can go out and play and not
worry about running into him.

TICKET PRICES, snicket prices. It's not the ticket prices that keep me out of
the Augusta airport. It's the sorry service. I'll go in there and then have a
flight canceled and miss all my other connections. That's why I'll continue to
drive to Columbia.

BE IT KNOWN that no Democratic candidate will ever receive my vote in November
or any other time.

I READ IN The Augusta Chronicle the other day where a band of 30 to 50 people
attacked people in two different places on Broad Street. A couple of deputies
were sent. It sounds to me like you need more than one cop riding around in a
golf cart. It sounds like you need the National Guard. I'm not going on Broad
Street at night or the daytime, either.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Philadelphia Collects $45M in Property Taxes; Cuts Delinquency List

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - DEALS & PRICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 302  words


Philadelphia collected more than $45 million in back property taxes during the
first four months of the year and cut the number of tax delinquent properties by
an estimated 30,000, 25% down from the previous year, records show.The city had
an estimated 126,000 tax delinquent properties at the end of 2013 and was owed
more than $575 million in back taxes. The largest tax debts cleared this year
include $8 million collected through the settlement of the former Foxwoods
casino site and just more than $900,000 paid by Penn Wynn Inc., owner of a large
apartment complex, which owed four years' worth of back taxes, according to
records obtained by the Philadelphia Daily News. The city stepped up collection
efforts by starting to revoke commercial licenses for delinquent taxpayers,
pushing more properties to sheriff's sale and using third-party collection
agencies.

Clarena Tolson, the city's revenue commissioner, said the $45 million collected
in the first four months of the year represents about half of the $91 million in
delinquent property-tax revenue collected in all of 2013. Penn Wynn paid after
the city threatened to sell the property at sheriff's sale to collect the debt,
Tolson added. Part of the revenue department's more aggressive collection
efforts involve sending out bills for 2014 taxes that were unpaid by the end of
March. Any account with an unpaid balance from 2013 had a lien placed on it and
was sent to a collection agency, Tolson said.The city also can have delinquent
properties placed with a third party through a process known as sequestration.
The third party then collects rents and turns them over to the city until the
tax debt is paid in full. Since that program started last October, the city has
collected $4.9 million from about 350 accounts, according to city officials.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday

County tracking down delinquent taxpayers: More than $155,000 in property taxes
has gone uncollected

BYLINE: Ken de la Bastide, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


Mar. 18--Howard County will soon begin mailing collection letters to 100
commercial property owners and 50 non-commercial property owners for the payment
of past due taxes.

Treasurer Martha Lake said state law requires the county to attempt to collect
the unpaid taxes.

"People are paying their taxes, making an effort," she said. "In some cases,
we're receiving partial payments."

Lake said $134,000 in personal property taxes is due from the commercial
property owners and $21,200 is due from other property owners. There is also a
10 percent late penalty and interest on the amount owed.

The equipment needed to operate a business is considered its personal property.
The non-commercial personal property taxes are owed on snowmobiles, recreational
vehicles and mobile homes.

Lake said the taxes were due in 2005 and the county placed liens on the property
in 2006.

"There has been no effort to pay in some cases," she said. "So we started the
collection process."

Lake said attorney Jeremy Peelle will send letters to the delinquent taxpayers
this week.

The county provides a complete list of those who owe back taxes and Peelle
attempts to arrange payment.

A 30 percent fee is attached to the amount due to pay Peelle for his services.

If payment arrangements are not made, the county will file the cases in court
for collection.

This is not the first time Lake has used Peelle to try to collect delinquent
personal property taxes.

In 2006, the county gave delinquent taxpayers two months to pay the past due
taxes before Peelle began the collection process. Only one person took advantage
of the offer.

At the time, the county was collecting delinquent personal property taxes for
2003, 2004 and 2005. The amount owed was $539,461.

Ken de la Bastide can be reached at (765) 454 -8580 or via e-mail at
ken.delabastide@kokomotribune.com

To see more of the Kokomo Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kokomotribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090318-KO-County-tracking-down-delinquent-taxpayers-0318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2009 Kokomo Tribune


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

Albany revises user fees; moves to collect overdue garbage bills

BYLINE: By Damin Esper Correspondent

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 437 words


ALBANY -- The City Council this week voted to step up collection of delinquent
garbage bills in the city by placing scofflaws on the Alameda County tax rolls.
The council vote was unanimous at its July 6 meeting (Councilman Michael Barnes
was absent).

The council also approved its master fee schedule for the next fiscal year.

The city has a contract with Waste Management to collect garbage that specifies
that the firm, for health and safety reasons, is not allowed to stop collecting
garbage from people who are delinquent. The council voted in 2013 to send
information on delinquent customers to the county so the money could be
collected with property taxes.

This was the first time the council approved sending a list of delinquent
customers to the county.

An attachment to the ordinance listed 37 properties that would be reported.
Names were not listed. Amounts owed range from $109 to $518 with a total owed of
$11,601, including late fees. Most of the money collected would go to Waste
Management.

A staff report said additional franchise fees of $1,316 would go to the city,
along with $1,850 in administrative fees. The report said the city has already
received $75,000 in franchise fees from previously delinquent customers.

The city's fee schedule for fiscal 2015-16 contains mostly adjustments for
inflation. However, some fees were raised by a higher amount for various
reasons. For example, according to a staff report, the light fee to use city
tennis courts at night hasn't changed since 2007 and the light fee to use city
fields hasn't changed since 2012.

The report said the fees were being raised to narrow the gap between what
residents pay ($11 per hour for field lights) and what it actually costs to
light the facilities ($13 per hour).

Also, cleaning deposits have been added to park rental fees to encourage users
to clean up after themselves.

A change in community development will allow planning application fees and the
construction portion of building permit fees to be reduced for projects that
incorporate affordable housing.

The council also established an Economic Development Committee to advise it on
matters of local business and also promote sustainability. The committee will
include seven members.

And the council approved the levying of assessments for Landscape and Lighting
Assessment Districts, which is required by state law.

Finally, the council adopted a resolution to include city properties in the
California Statewide Communities Development Authority Open PACE program, which
allows homeowners to get loans for energy upgrades, with the payments attached
to their property tax bill.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

Albany revises user fees; moves to collect overdue garbage bills

BYLINE: By Damin Esper Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


ALBANY -- The City Council this week voted to step up collection of delinquent
garbage bills in the city by placing scofflaws on the Alameda County tax rolls.
The council vote was unanimous at its July 6 meeting (Councilman Michael Barnes
was absent).

The council also approved its master fee schedule for the next fiscal year.

The city has a contract with Waste Management to collect garbage that specifies
that the firm, for health and safety reasons, is not allowed to stop collecting
garbage from people who are delinquent. The council voted in 2013 to send
information on delinquent customers to the county so the money could be
collected with property taxes.

This was the first time the council approved sending a list of delinquent
customers to the county.

An attachment to the ordinance listed 37 properties that would be reported.
Names were not listed. Amounts owed range from $109 to $518 with a total owed of
$11,601, including late fees. Most of the money collected would go to Waste
Management.

A staff report said additional franchise fees of $1,316 would go to the city,
along with $1,850 in administrative fees. The report said the city has already
received $75,000 in franchise fees from previously delinquent customers.

The city's fee schedule for fiscal 2015-16 contains mostly adjustments for
inflation. However, some fees were raised by a higher amount for various
reasons. For example, according to a staff report, the light fee to use city
tennis courts at night hasn't changed since 2007 and the light fee to use city
fields hasn't changed since 2012.

The report said the fees were being raised to narrow the gap between what
residents pay ($11 per hour for field lights) and what it actually costs to
light the facilities ($13 per hour).

Also, cleaning deposits have been added to park rental fees to encourage users
to clean up after themselves.

A change in community development will allow planning application fees and the
construction portion of building permit fees to be reduced for projects that
incorporate affordable housing.

The council also established an Economic Development Committee to advise it on
matters of local business and also promote sustainability. The committee will
include seven members.

And the council approved the levying of assessments for Landscape and Lighting
Assessment Districts, which is required by state law.

Finally, the council adopted a resolution to include city properties in the
California Statewide Communities Development Authority Open PACE program, which
allows homeowners to get loans for energy upgrades, with the payments attached
to their property tax bill.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday

Carver County says Prince owes $500K in delinquent taxes

BYLINE: By John Brewer jbrewer@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: MINNESOTA-TWIN CITIES; Local; Entertainment; Music

LENGTH: 303 words


Prince R. Nelson -- the musician better known as Prince -- owes a tidy sum in
delinquent 2009 property taxes in Carver County, according to a recently
published notice in a local newspaper.

The Chanhassen-based empire is on the hook for a half-million dollars -- one of
Prince's holdings is listed as owing more than $220,000, the largest late-tax
figure for a single property in the county.

The notice, printed in the March 18 edition of the Chaska Herald and available
online, includes listings for PRN Music Corp. -- housed in Paisley Park Studios
-- as well as Paisley Park Enterprises Inc. and Prince's given name, Prince R.
Nelson.

The 2009 delinquent taxes connected to the listings total about $506,000.

Prince has until April 21 to file an objection to the amounts claimed.
Otherwise, "a court judgment will be entered against the property for the unpaid
tax, penalty, interest, and costs," according to the notice.

According to the notice, the forfeiture process could start on Prince's listed
properties if the taxes aren't paid off between now and May 2013, said Laurie
Engelen, taxpayer services manager for the county.

She said Prince was late in paying taxes on his studio in 2006 and 2008, and
late on a parcel of land in 2008. Both properties were paid off prior to
publication of the delinquent tax list in those years, Engelen said.

Prince spent several years living in Los Angeles, but he moved back to the Twin
Cities in 2009. He's recently been spotted at numerous nightclubs, the Current's
fifth anniversary show at First Avenue, the recent Jimi Hendrix tribute concert
at the Orpheum Theatre and the Black Eyed Peas show at the Xcel Energy Center.

A publicist for Prince could not be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.

Ross Raihala contributed to this report.

John Brewer can be reached at 651-228-2093.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INDIO, CA - APRIL 26: Prince performs during day 2 of the Coachella
Valley Music And Arts Festival held at the Empire Polo Field on April 26, 2008
in Indio, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
US singer Prince performs on October 11, 2009 at the Grand Palais in Paris.
Prince has decided to give two extra concerts at the Grand Palais titled "All
Day/All Night" after he discovered the exhibition hall during Karl Lagerfeld's
Chanel fashion show. AFP PHOTO BERTRAND GUAY (Photo credit should read BERTRAND
GUAY/AFP/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                               May 6, 2013 Monday

Mortgage Delinquencies Decline in Several Categories

SECTION: CCR - RISK & ANALYTICS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 373  words


Mortgages at least 30 days delinquent or in some stage of foreclosure fell to 5
million in March, down from a peak of 7.7 million in January 2010, according to
Lender Processing Services, a real estate information service based in
Jacksonville, Fla. Restrictive lending standards have made it harder for
borrowers to obtain mortgages, helping lower default rates while also reducing
the homeownership rate in the first quarter to 65%, the lowest since 1995. The
Federal Housing Administration, which offers loans to buyers with down payments
as low as 3.5%, has steadily raised its credit scores. In the third quarter of
2012, the most recent available, 97% of FHA borrowers had credit scores above
620 of a possible 850. In the last quarter of 2006, only 53% had a score above
620.First-time delinquent home loans fell to 0.84% of the 50.2 million mortgages
in March, the first month below 1% since 2007, before an influx of defaults led
to the financial crisis, according to a report by Lender Processing Services.

The rate of first-time defaults, defined as loans that went from performing to
at least 60 days delinquent, peaked at 2.89% in January 2009.U.S. home prices
climbed at the fastest pace since May 2006, rising 9.3% in February from a year
ago, according to a report last week from the S&P/Case-Shiller index of property
values. The number of home loans with negative equity fell to about 9 million or
18% of homes with a mortgage in January, the report said. That's down 41% from a
year earlier and 47% lower than the peak of 17 million loans in February
2011.While new defaults have fallen, loans at least 90 days delinquent account
for a growing share of the non- performing mortgage pie: 62% this year compared
with 30% in 2005, according to Lender Processing Services. The late-stage
delinquency loans are increasingly concentrated in so-called judicial states
that require court approval for foreclosures.Florida had the highest rate of
non-current mortgages with 18.2% of loans either delinquent or having received a
foreclosure notice, followed by New Jersey, Mississippi, Nevada and New York.
While Florida's problem loans declined over the last year, the number increased
5.8% in New Jersey and 6.1% in New York.Â

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             October 1, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

WHO OWES? COLLECTORS MAY KNOW;
AUGUSTA MAY SELL LIENS; TOP DELINQUENT TAXES TOTAL $1,684,464.13. LIST, 10A

BYLINE: By Sylvia Cooper Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 837 words


Thousands of Richmond County residents with delinquent property taxes could soon
find out by mail that liens on their property have been sold to a private
company.

Richmond County Tax Commissioner Jerry Saul, at the urging of Mayor Deke
Copen-haver and Commissioners Joe Bowles and Don Grantham, has met twice with
officials of Vesta Holdings, an Atlanta firm, to discuss selling delinquent real
estate accounts.

After last month's meeting with Vesta, Mr. Saul, who has the final say in the
matter, said his decision and report to Augusta commissioners will be this
month.

Mr. Bowles said the public is clamoring for the city to collect delinquent
taxes.

"It really is the tax commissioner's decision to make, but I will bring it to
the full commission to make a recommendation that the tax commissioner proceed
with negotiations to turn over the delinquent accounts," he said.

"With the budget situation we're facing with all these uncollected taxes, our
citizens are looking for action."

City officials are wrestling with a projected $7.8 million deficit in next
year's budget, and to them, the $6.6 million in overdue real estate and personal
property taxes looks like a gold mine. But all that glitters isn't gold, tax
officials say. When bankruptcies, exemptions, levies, demolitions and accounts
under appeal are subtracted, the amount shrinks to $3.86 million, of which city
government would get about $1.3 million and the school board $2.6 million.

"Who cares?" Mr. Bowles said. "The school board needs the money, too. And people
need to pay the taxes. It's unfair for people who pay the taxes to bear the
burden of those who don't."

The delinquent amounts do not include a 10 percent penalty and annual 12 percent
interest compounded. And that's a large consideration, according to Mr. Saul and
his chief financial officer, Jack McAdams.

"We lose out on this 12 percent interest," Mr. McAdams said. "If Vesta goes out
there and buys it, they're the ones that are going to be collecting the 12
percent interest, not us."

Mr. Saul said, "Twelve percent interest on several million dollars amounts to a
lot of money."

"Is it worth it?" Mr. McAdams asked. "I'm saying no."

Mr. Saul said if he does decide to sell the delinquent liens, there would be
restrictions prohibiting sales of accounts of senior citizens, disabled people
who have homestead exemption, accounts that are in a pay plan, bankruptcies and
those of less than $250.

"If they bought the lien, they would send out one notice," he said. "Then the
bills would sit for one year. After one year, they could sell on the courthouse
steps, but it would be done by the sheriff, not by the tax commissioner."

The private company could sell any property with a lien more than two years old.

"If it was under two years old, they would have to wait two years," he said.

Mr. Saul said he's very familiar with complaints from people who pay their
taxes, saying that if they didn't pay, their property would be sold on the
courthouse steps.

"That's true," he said. "And we're going to sell everybody's who doesn't pay
eventually. All the delinquent taxes are not just sitting there. We're having
levy sales every month. So they are being sold. So it's not a question of
somebody not being pursued."

However, after seven years, the liens drop off and the accounts cannot be
collected.

"But the taxes that are outstanding are normally just two or three years," Mr.
Saul said. "The ones that run seven years are usually bankruptcies or accounts
that can't be collected."

For example, the tax office has been billing Ella Jay Dacus at Wicklow Drive for
536 First Ave. The bill now totals $5,675.75, not counting penalty and interest.
The house at that address apparently has been boarded up for years. In 1997 Ella
Frails of that address died, but the Richmond County Probate Court office has no
record of Ms. Dacus or Ms. Frails.

Many accounts, however, are collectible, such as the $5,508.67 for 2004 and 2005
real estate taxes at 2613 Peach Orchard Road in the name of Felix R. Virgil Jr.
Mr. Virgil and his wife, Barbara, also owe sales taxes, and have struggled to
make their business grow and keep their property off the auction block, she
said.

Mrs. Virgil said their taxes are late from "lack of funding."

Initially, Mr. Saul strongly opposed selling the liens but tempered his
objection after learning about a new law that went into effect this year.

"What that bill did is correct a lot of the inequities that were being done by
companies such as Vesta Holdings to the taxpayers and the state of Georgia," he
said.

Mr. Saul has also been talking to Delinquent Tax Solutions, a company that does
not buy accounts but works them like a collection agency and charges a fee to
the taxpayer.

Mr. Saul said his office has billed $750 million the past seven years, $118
million of it last year.

"We have an office that does a good job, but there will always be delinquent
taxes," he said. "It will never be 100 percent."

Reach Sylvia Cooper at (706) 823-3228

or sylvia.cooper@augustachronicle.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 12, 2013 Tuesday

Rodeo tire firm makes list of top tax delinquent taxpayers in California

BYLINE: By Tom Lochner Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Western Contra Costa; Alameda; Contra Costa; News;
Local

LENGTH: 725 words


RODEO -- A tire business in a residential neighborhood of this small
unincorporated town ranks near the top of the state roster of newly crowned
official sales and use tax delinquents, according to a taxing agency.

In the state Board of Equalization's most recent quarterly update, published
last week, Tirebusters Inc. owes $2,164,002, trailing only Lomita Mobil of
Carson, which owes $4.98 million, among the 23 taxpayers added to the list of
Top 500 Sales and Use Tax Delinquent Taxpayers.

Tirebusters is one of only two businesses in Contra Costa to break the $2
million threshold on the Top 500 list, trailing only Wells Interiors Inc. of San
Ramon's $2.6 million debt that dates back to 2007.

The recent additions appear almost nickel-and-dime by comparison with the
now-$18.69 million debt, dating back more than 10 years, of statewide overall
front-runner California Target Enterprises Inc. of Downey, and the $17.26
million debt of C & JD USA Inc. of Oakland, a shipping container company that is
the Bay Area's top sales and use tax delinquent and a member of the Top 500
since 2010.

A phone call from this newspaper Monday to a number with a Rodeo-Hercules-area
prefix attributed to Tirebusters -- also sometimes spelled "Tire Busters" -- on
several websites was answered with "All Star Tire." A question about the sales
tax delinquency elicited the reply, "None of your business."

The same person answered in a similar vein at another number, this one with a
Richmond-area prefix, that at least one other website attributes to Tire
Busters.

A cursory Internet search yielded few details of the business other than that it
deals with tires. An official at the Board of Equalization, citing taxpayer
confidentiality, said he could give no information other than what is available
on the agency's website.

The address listed for Tirebusters Inc. in California Secretary of State records
is at a house on a quiet residential block of Napa Street in Rodeo. On Monday, a
small truck with the words "Tirebusters Inc." was parked in the driveway,
alongside several stacks of what appeared to be used truck tires. On Tuesday,
another truck was in the driveway, with the lettering "Aal Star Tire."

At least one website lists "Tire Busters Inc." in the category of "Tire
Retreading and Repair Shops" at a North Richmond address with the aforementioned
Richmond-area phone number. Businesses at the North Richmond site include a
trucking company and a scaffolding company; no evidence of a tire business was
visible from public areas around the premises Tuesday.

Robert Lazzarini, a Walnut Creek attorney listed in Secretary of State records
as Tirebusters' agent for service of process, said ¿Monday that he has not
represented the business "for many years."

"I haven't got a clue; I'm not involved with that," he said, commenting on the
sales tax matter, adding that he would try to contact the company to get it to
remove his name as reference on the Secretary of State filing.

The latest update to the Top 500 delinquents comprises 23 taxpayers owing a
combined $20.3 million. It contains one other Contra Costa scofflaw besides
Tirebusters: the now-defunct New Pee Wee Muldoon's Bar & Grill in Brentwood,
which owes $446,690.

The state Board of Equalization's tax-collection procedures can include
installment agreements and in some cases compromise offers. Collection and
enforcement actions can include tax liens on real property or even outright
seizure of real or personal property, including bank accounts, as well as
garnishing wages. Other measures include suspension of an alcoholic beverage
license and cancellation of an auto dealer license.

As stern as the possible remedies may sound, their threat appears to have
produced limited compliance. According to a March 8 Board of Equalization news
release, the top 500 sales and use tax delinquents owe a total of about $581
million. Since the¿ program started in 2007 with a Top 250 list, expanding to
500 in 2011, some 59 taxpayers have come forward and paid $8.79 million.

Assuming that the additions to the top 500 owe roughly the same amounts as did
the compliers who graduated from the list, the agency would have collected a
little more than 1.5 percent of the combined debt of the top 500.

Contact Tom Lochner at 510-262-2760 ortlochner@bayareanewsgroup.com . Follow him
attwitter.com/tomlochner .

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tires are stacked in the driveway of this property on Napa Street in
Rodeo, Calif., on Tuesday, March 12, 2013. A business registered to this address
is one of the top sales and tax delinquents in the county and, according to the
State of California, the business owes more than $2 million in sales and use
taxes. (Kristopher Skinner/Staff)
Tires are stacked in the driveway of this property on Napa Street in Rodeo,
Calif., on Tuesday, March 12, 2013. A business registered to this address is one
of the top sales and tax delinquents in the county and, according to the State
of California, the business owes more than $2 million in sales and use taxes.
(Kristopher Skinner/Staff)
A tire shop is reportedly is being run from this property on Napa Street in
Rodeo, Calif., on Tuesday, March 12, 2013. A business registered to this address
is one of the top sales and tax delinquents in the county and, according to the
State of California, the business owes more than $2 million in sales and use
taxes. (Kristopher Skinner/Staff)
A tire shop is reportedly is being run from this property on Napa Street in
Rodeo, Calif., on Tuesday, March 12, 2013. A business registered to this address
is one of the top sales and tax delinquents in the county and, according to the
State of California, the business owes more than $2 million in sales and use
taxes. (Kristopher Skinner/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

BRIEF: Flood protection authority hires law firm to collect delinquent fees

BYLINE: Bill Wellock, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 217 words


Aug. 12--The Luzerne County Flood Protection Authority has hired a law firm to
collect delinquent fees, and the firm will take legal action against people who
don't pay.

The authority hired Portnoff Law Associates of Norristown to seek overdue levee
fees, according to a press release.

The firm uses state law that allows the collection cost to be imposed on the
delinquent property owner. That creates a stronger incentive for owners to pay,
reducing the burden of collection costs on the authority and residents who pay
their bills on time, the release said.

Portnoff will mail a notice showing the balance due to delinquent property
owners. Recipients will get a 30 day grace period to make payments. The firm
allows owners with large delinquent balances to make payments over six months
and has a hardship program.

"After the grace period ends, Portnoff Law Associates will proceed with legal
action on the unresolved accounts. Delinquent property owners who have failed to
make payment arrangements or request hardship accommodations will be assessed
the legal fees and costs associated with the collection of their accounts," the
release said.

___ (c)2016 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160812-YC-BRF-Flood-protection-authority-hires-law-firm-to-collect-
delinquent-fees-0812-20160812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2016 The Citizens' Voice


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: In the Matter of ORDER INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE Calypte Biomedical
Corporation, PROCEEDINGS AND EC Development, Inc., and NOTICE OF HEARING
Information Architects Corporation PURSUANT

LENGTH: 1233  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has published the
following document:


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Before the
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Release No. 74325 / February 20, 2015

ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING
File No. 3-16393


In the Matter of  ORDER INSTITUTING
  ADMINISTRATIVE
Calypte Biomedical Corporation,  PROCEEDINGS AND
EC Development, Inc., and  NOTICE OF HEARING
Information Architects Corporation  PURSUANT TO SECTION
 (n/k/a Dakota Creative Group Corporation),  12(j) OF THE SECURITIES
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Respondents.




I.

  The Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") deems it necessary and
appropriate for the protection of investors that public administrative
proceedings be, and hereby are, instituted pursuant to Section 12(j) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") against the Respondents named
in the caption.

II.

  After an investigation, the Division of Enforcement alleges that:

A. RESPONDENTS

1. Calypte Biomedical Corporation ("CBMC") (CIK No. 899426) is a Delaware
corporation located in Portland, Oregon with a class of securities registered
with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). CBMC is delinquent
in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic
reports since it filed a Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2012, which
reported a net loss of $1,076,000 for the prior year. As of February 12, 2015,
the common stock of CBMC was quoted on OTC Link operated by OTC Markets Group
Inc. (formerly "Pink Sheets") ("OTC Link"), had eleven market makers, and was
eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act Rule 15c2-11(f)(3).
2. EC Development, Inc. ("ECDI") (CIK No. 761034) is a delinquent Delaware
corporation located in Shawnee, Oklahoma with a class of securities registered
with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). ECDI is delinquent
in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic
reports since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2012,
which reported a net loss of $1,333,296 for the prior nine months. As of
February 12, 2015, the common stock of ECDI was quoted on OTC Link, had ten
market makers, and was eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act
Rule 15c211(f)(3).
3. Information Architects Corporation (n/k/a Dakota Creative Group Corporation)
("IACH") (CIK No. 1018336) is a North Carolina corporation located in Orlando,
Florida with a class of securities registered with the Commission pursuant to
Exchange Act Section 12(g). IACH is delinquent in its periodic filings with the
Commission, having not filed any periodic reports since it filed a Form 10-Q for
the period ended September 30, 2012, which reported a net loss of $1,397,232 for
the prior nine months. On August 19, 2014, IACH changed its name to Dakota
Creative Group Corporation without reporting the change to the Commission as
required by Commission rules. As of February 12, 2015, the common stock of IACH
was quoted on OTC Link, had eight market makers, and was eligible for the
"piggyback" exception of Exchange Act Rule 15c2-11(f)(3).
 B.  DELINQUENT PERIODIC FILINGS
4. As discussed in more detail above, all of the Respondents are delinquent in
their periodic filings with the Commission, have repeatedly failed to meet their
obligations to file timely periodic reports, and failed to heed delinquency
letters sent to them by the Division of Corporation Finance requesting
compliance with their periodic filing obligations or, through their failure to
maintain a valid address on file with the Commission as required by Commission
rules, did not receive such letters.
5. Exchange Act Section 13(a) and the rules promulgated thereunder require
issuers of securities registered pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12 to file
with the Commission current and accurate information in periodic reports, even
if the registration is voluntary under Section 12(g). Specifically, Rule 13a-1
requires issuers to file annual reports, and Rule 13a-13 requires issuers to
file quarterly reports.
6. As a result of the foregoing, Respondents failed to comply with Exchange Act
Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 thereunder.
III.

  In view of the allegations made by the Division of Enforcement, the Commission
deems it necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors that public
administrative proceedings be instituted to determine:

A. Whether the allegations contained in Section II hereof are true and, in
connection therewith, to afford the Respondents an opportunity to establish any
defenses to such allegations; and,
  2
B. Whether it is necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors to
suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months, or revoke the registration of
each class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act
of the Respondents identified in Section II hereof, and any successor under
Exchange Act Rules 12b-2 or 12g-3, and any new corporate names of any
Respondents.

IV.

  IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that a public hearing for the purpose of taking evidence
on the questions set forth in Section III hereof shall be convened at a time and
place to be fixed, and before an Administrative Law Judge to be designated by
further order as provided by Rule 110 of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17
C.F.R. § 201.110].

  IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that Respondents shall file an Answer to the
allegations contained in this Order within ten (10) days after service of this
Order, as provided by Rule 220(b) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17
C.F.R. § 201.220(b)].

If Respondents fail to file the directed Answers, or fail to appear at a hearing
after being duly notified, the Respondents, and any successor under Exchange Act
Rules 12b-2 or 12g-3, and any new corporate names of any Respondents, may be
deemed in default and the proceedings may be determined against it upon
consideration of this Order, the allegations of which may be deemed to be true
as provided by Rules 155(a), 220(f), 221(f), and 310 of the
Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §§ 201.155(a), 201.220(f), 201.221(f),
and 201.310].

  This Order shall be served forthwith upon Respondents personally or by
certified, registered, or Express Mail, or by other means permitted by the
Commission Rules of Practice.

  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Administrative Law Judge shall issue an initial
decision no later than 120 days from the date of service of this Order, pursuant
to Rule 360(a)(2) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §
201.360(a)(2)].

  In the absence of an appropriate waiver, no officer or employee of the
Commission engaged in the performance of investigative or prosecuting functions
in this or any factually related proceeding will be permitted to participate or
advise in the decision of this matter, except as witness or counsel in
proceedings held pursuant to notice. Since this proceeding is not "rule making"
within the meaning of Section 551 of the Administrative Procedure Act, it is not
deemed subject to the provisions of Section 553 delaying the effective date of
any final Commission action.

  By the Commission.



              Brent J. Fields
              Secretary

  3


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Jeannette property owners owe $1.6M in taxes

BYLINE: by RICHARD GAZARIK

LENGTH: 515 words


Ten property owners in Jeannette owe more than $1.6 million in real estate taxes
to the city, school district and Westmoreland County, according to tax records.

Mayor Robert Carter said the delinquent tax money would help to ease the
financial straits of the city, which started this year with a $500,000 deficit.

Some delinquent tax bills date as far back as 2005.

The largest deadbeat is the condemned Monsour Medical Center on Route 30, which
owes more than $825,000 since it was placed on tax rolls nearly two years ago,
according to records at the Westmoreland County Tax Claims Bureau, which is
responsible for collecting delinquent taxes.

Until the medical center closed in 2006, the property had been exempt from
paying taxes because it was a nonprofit corporation.

City attorney Scott Avolio said Jeannette won't receive any of the overdue tax
revenue from Monsour.

The city has been unable to determine who is legally responsible for the
structure, and no one in the Monsour family, from the former board of directors
of the hospital or with the Monsour Medical Foundation, is willing to accept
responsibility, Avolio said.

Records show the next three largest tax delinquents in Jeannette are:

The former Jeannette Glass plant owned by Zion Bullitt Avenue, Ltd., which owes
more than $310,000. The company president is New York City businessman Abe Zion,
85.

The Rufus Corp., owned by businessman Frank Trigona, which owes more than
$259,000. Trigona personally owes more than $57,000. Conversely, the city owes
$235,000 to Trigona and his attorney after he successfully sued Jeannette.

Charles and Jacqueline Schade of Irwin owe nearly $46,000 in property taxes on
rental properties.

City treasurer Sam Casino said delinquent taxpayers owe the city nearly $285,000
in 2012 property taxes, while the county is due $182,000 in delinquent taxes.

The Jeannette School District is the largest recipient of tax revenue, said
Casino, who collects more than $3.8 million annually for the three taxing
bodies. The district is owed more than $752,000 in 2012 property taxes, he said.

City officials hope eventually to collect on the former Jeannette Glass
property. Zion stopped paying taxes on the 13.2-acre tract three years ago,
prompting the Westmoreland County Industrial Development Corp. to bid $305,000
for the property at a tax sale.

Zion appealed, alleging the county did not give proper notice that he was
delinquent and the property could be sold. Mark Zion, the son of the owner,
could not be reached for comment.

Trigona said he has been unable to pay his taxes. He lost rental income when the
city withheld occupancy permits for his properties because he had not paid city
taxes, he contended in a lawsuit filed against the city.

"I have not had an income for the past eight years," he said. "Frank Trigona is
broke. My tax bills are over $300,000. I'm not a tax deadbeat. I was just kept
from doing business in the city."

Jacqueline Schade declined comment.

Richard Gazarik is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-830-6292 or rgazarik@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 16, 2012 Monday

BRIEF: Pam Anderson, Lionel Richie Among CA's Top Tax Delinquents

BYLINE: KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 180 words


April 16--LOS ANGELES -- With the tax deadline quickly approaching, California
tax authorities are watching two big celebrities very closely.

Pamela Anderson and Lionel Richie were both on a list of California's biggest
tax delinquents released on April 13.

California tax law requires authorities to publish a list of the top 500
offenders -- and the amounts they owe -- twice a year.

Anderson owes $524,241 in personal income taxes, according to the list.

Meantime, E! Online reports that Lionel Richie owes $1.1 million in unpaid
taxes.

A lien has been issued warning that the singer's assets might be seized if he
doesn't pay up in a timely manner.

Spokespeople for Anderson and Richie have not commented.

Other famous names on the list of tax delinquents include "The Notebook"
director and actor Nick Cassavetes, "Girls Gone Wild Founder" Joe Francis and
boxer James Toney.

Cassavetes owes $273,000, Francis owes $794,000 and Toney owes $354,000,
according to the list.

___ (c)2012 KTLA-TV (Los Angeles) Visit KTLA-TV (Los Angeles) at www.ktla.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120416-5LA-BRF-Pam-Anderson-Lionel-Richie-Among-CA-s-Top-Tax-
Delinquents-0416-20120416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5LA


                                 Copyright 2012


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 27, 2008 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

DELINQUENT TAX BILLS AT $645,783 FOR 2 DEVELOPERS

BYLINE: WILL VAN SANT, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 974 words



HIGHLIGHT: Grady Pridgen and Matt Geiger blame a down real estate market.


High-profile developer Grady Pridgen and former NBA player Matt Geiger are
delinquent in their property tax payments, both squeezed by the grinding
recession.

Pridgen and his companies owe the public purse $356,201. Yet in July, Pinellas
County commissioners awarded him valuable land-use concessions on property with
overdue taxes.

Geiger owes $289,582 on both his Tarpon Springs estate and his 64-acre luxury
housing venture where, he said, lot sales have dried up.

The bleak real estate market and enduring credit crisis are to blame, Geiger and
a Pridgen spokeswoman said.

Three years ago, Geiger said, lots at his planned Bison Creek Estates project
sold for $800,000. Now the former Miami Heat and Philadelphia 76ers player said
there are no buyers, even though he has slashed prices by half.

"It's just tough on my company right now to make it," Geiger said. "I'm trying
to bust my tail to do everything I can to move property."

Delinquent taxes at Bison Creek total $159,977.

Geiger, though, said the back taxes on his palatial pad are more the result of a
disagreement with a prospective buyer. The tax bill on that house alone - a
28,000-square-foot mansion off Keystone Road - is $129,595.

Records show St. Petersburg-based Pridgen, owner of Grady Pridgen Inc., owes
$291,091 on a variety of parcels spread among his development companies. Back
taxes on seven of those parcels, a total of $134,538, have been unpaid since the
2006 tax cycle.

Those parcels were consolidated as part of Pridgen's ambitious La Entrada
venture, a planned mixed-use development to be built on 133 acres north of Gandy
Boulevard and west of Interstate 275.

After years of government review by St. Petersburg and the county, Pridgen in
July secured a long-sought density bump that allows 2,404 housing units at La
Entrada rather than 1,000. In exchange, 30 percent must be set aside as
affordable housing.

County Commissioners relaxed the density limit unaware, they say now, that
Pridgen had unmet tax obligations.

Pridgen also owes $65,110 on three St. Petersburg properties where he, not a
company, is the listed owner. On one downtown property he has an active
homestead exemption. Another property is a condo. Records also list him as owner
of a delinquent property that is part of his Gateway Business Park, which is
just north of Gandy Boulevard and east of I-275.

On Feb. 4, Pridgen will ask St. Petersburg's Development Review Commission to
restore an expired site plan for Gateway Business Park that allows construction
of two four-story office buildings and a parking garage.

Pridgen, whose smiling face can be seen on a billboard on I-275 in St.
Petersburg, did not return calls for comment. His spokeswoman, Honey Rand, said
in an e-mail that every developer on "the planet has been caught up in the
credit crunch" and hurt by governments unwilling to quickly move projects along.
Rand did not respond to detailed questions about Pridgen's back taxes.

Pinellas property tax bills are mailed in October each year and are considered
delinquent if not paid by April 1.

Pridgen is not the only developer to strike deals with the county while owing
back taxes. Earlier this month, the commission inked a development agreement for
Bayside Reserves, an affordable housing project proposed just west of the
Bayside Bridge's southern end. The county donated nearly nine acres to the
project, which the Pinellas Planning Council opposed, saying it was a poor fit
for the neighborhood.

When commissioners gave the go-ahead, Bayside Reserves developer Roger Broderick
owed $47,779 in taxes. Most was owed on a Pinellas Park office building, the
remainder on some vacant lots Broderick and a partner own.

Broderick said he had cash flow problems because tenants were scarce for his
office building. And though he was unable to pay, the county got its money, he
noted, from investors who acquired tax certificates on his debt.

Tax certificate auctions serve as safety valves for local governments, allowing
them to recoup unpaid taxes. Investors bid for certificates on unpaid tax bills,
and when they win, they pay the delinquent bills themselves.

The delinquent property owner then has two years to pay the county the amount
they owed, plus interest, which is capped at 18 percent by Florida law. The law
also requires that the certificates be awarded to the bidder quoting the lowest
interest rate.

If property owners pay the tax and interest within two years, they're in the
clear. The county refunds the investor, plus the interest charged the delinquent
taxpayer. If the owner doesn't pay, the investor can have the property auctioned
at a tax deed sale.

Investors earlier this year bought tax certificates for Pridgen, Geiger and
Broderick's delinquent accounts.

"We looked at it as a way of borrowing money in today's economic times,"
Broderick said of the certificate auction.

County commissioners said this week that had they known Pridgen and Broderick
were behind on their taxes, they doubt they would have voted differently.

Several commissioners did say that in the future they want to know whether
developers appearing before them are behind on their tax obligations. But they
said each circumstance would be judged individually.

Commissioner Ken Welch, for instance, said Pridgen and Broderick have strong
track records as corporate citizens. They appear to be victims of hard times,
Welch said, not serial debtors of the type that would seriously concern him.

Broderick, however, managed to act quickly on Dec. 19, after talking with a
reporter about this story.

"I'm paying my taxes by 5 o'clock," he said with a chuckle, a few hours after
the interview. "So you're the Grinch that stole Christmas, boy."

Broderick paid his bills that day, along with interest as high as 10 percent on
some parcels.

Will Van Sant can be reached at vansant@sptimes.com or (727) 445-4166.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Grady Pridgen owes back taxes on company property and personal
property in Pinellas. PHOTO: "I'm trying to bust my tail to do everything I can
to move property," Matt Geiger said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              April 7, 2006 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

STATE HOPING 'EMBARRASSMENT' PRODS DELINQUENTS TO PAY SALES TAX

BYLINE: Tracie Mauriello Post-Gazette Harrisburg Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


Letters, phone calls and in-person visits haven't worked. Now the state
Department of Revenue hopes public embarrassment will get tax delinquents to pay
up.

The department yesterday posted on its Web site the names of 75 people and
businesses it says collected sales tax from customers but failed to remit it to
the state.

"Using that embarrassment factor, we think folks will start coming forward,"
Revenue Secretary Gregory C. Fajt said yesterday in a Capitol news conference.
"If their customers can see their names out there, we think that's going to have
an impact."

His strategy seems to be working. The threat alone of being listed inspired 155
businesses to pay $3.9 million and inspired 162 others to make arrangements to
pay $4.3 million owed.

Those still on the list had "many, many opportunities to come forward," Mr. Fajt
said.

Some, though, say they already have made payment arrangements and that
publication of their tax delinquency will only hurt their businesses and make
them less able to adhere.

Kathryn Katic, owner of Cards Gifts 'N More in McKeesport, which owes $29,642,
said she has been working with the department and was surprised to be on the
list.

"I thought that was for people who aren't even willing to pay back, but I've
been working on it. Most of what I owe is interest and penalties, and they
haven't even told me what my total is so I can start paying it," she said.

"Businesses have problems sometimes, and I've had personal issues," she said.
"I've been in business over 18 years and up until I had these problems I was
only late [with quarterly sales tax payments] once or twice."

Rosario Maiolo III, of Fairview Garden Center in McCandless, said some of his
$47,068 in tax liability dates back more than five years, when his now-deceased
father ran the business. His father's estate hasn't yet been settled but will be
by the end of the year, allowing the tax debt to be paid, he said.

Of the 75 delinquents listed, three are Papa John's Pizza restaurants -- on
Fayette Street in Uniontown, Ohio River Boulevard in Bellevue and Wood Street in
California, Pa. Managers said they could not comment or referred questions to
owners who did not return calls. Officials from Papa John's headquarters in
Louisville, Ky., didn't return phone calls, either.

Truck'N Stuff, of Washington, Pa., owes $63,988, according to the list, the most
of any southwestern Pennsylvania business. Managers had no comment yesterday.

The biggest debt, according to Mr. Fajt, is CulinArt, a dining services company
based in New Hyde Park, N.Y., and operating in seven states. Mr. Fajt lists its
debt as $260,471, but Chief Executive Officer Joseph Pacifico said he's paid all
but $40,890 in penalties and interest he believes were wrongly assessed.

"We're disputing it, but if we have to pay it, we will," Mr. Pacifico said.

The department is working on payment plans with 581 other sales tax delinquents.
If they won't sign agreements or if they default, their names could be posted
online during the list's monthly update.

"Every dollar we don't collect from tax avoiders is one more dollar that we must
collect from honest taxpayers," Mr. Fajt said.

The complete list is available at www.revenue.state.pa.us.

LOCAL SALES TAX DELINQUENTS

Truck N Stuff, Washington..............................
..............................$63,988

Brew Thru Outlet LLC, Natrona Heights.................................
...............$55,102

Jonic Inc., Madison.................................
.................................$50,976

First Equity Holdings dba Papa John's Pizza 227 Wood St., California
................$48,709

Rosario Maiolo III dba Fairview Garden Center,
Pittsburgh............................$47,068

Charles Vidunas, Pittsburgh..............................
............................$44,502

Tertiary Capital Endeavors dba Papa John's Pizza . 4500 Ohio River Blvd.,
Bellevue...$39,709

Miglioretti Auto Body, Clairton................................
......................$35,576

Harold N. Parkinson, Smiling Chimney Sweeps,
Butler..................................$35,174

Edwin Weingartner dba Ed's Automotive,
Pittsburgh....................................$34,317

Schneider Equipment Services, Bridgeville.............................
...............$31,440

Kathryn Katic dba Cards Gifts N More,
McKeesport.....................................$29,642

Pittsburgh Fence Co., Carnegie................................
.......................$21,056

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Tracie Mauriello can be reached at tmauriello@post-gazette.com or
1-717-787-2141.

GRAPHIC: CHART: LOCAL SALE TAX DELINQUENTS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           November 1, 2012 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BILL WOULD CREATE LAND BANK FOR VACANT PROPERTY

BYLINE: Joe Smydo, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 375 words


Pittsburgh would begin a systematic effort to acquire and re-sell thousands of
vacant, blighted and tax-delinquent properties under legislation introduced
Wednesday by Councilman Ricky Burgess, who said the initiative has the potential
to transform troubled neighborhoods.

Mr. Burgess' bill would create a Pittsburgh LandBank in cooperation with
Allegheny County and Pittsburgh Public Schools. The bank would acquire as many
as 16,000 vacant, delinquent and abandoned properties with the goal of providing
sites for homes, side yards, development or community projects, such as urban
gardens.

"In my community, the No. 1 complaint I get is not paving streets, it's not
police presence, it's not even public safety," said Mr. Burgess, who represents
troubled East End neighborhoods. Rather, Mr. Burgess said, the chief complaint
involves vacant, neglected properties that give neighborhoods a run-down
appearance, lure rodents and create other problems.

Mayor Luke Ravenstahl's administration, which has studied the land bank concept
for at least two years, said it has not reviewed Mr. Burgess' bill but supports
the concept.

A report last year by the University of Pittsburgh's University Center for
Social and Urban Research drove home the extent of blight in Homewood, one of
Mr. Burgess' neighborhoods.

Nearly 60 percent of the taxable properties in Homewood were delinquent, and
nearly half of the delinquent owners haven't made a payment in five years. About
2,300 parcels, 44 percent of Homewood's total, were empty lots. About 1,300
houses, 30 percent of the neighborhood's total, were empty, the report said.

While the city already acquires tax-delinquent properties and tries to resell
them, Mr. Burgess said his bill would dramatically expand that work -- and
provide manpower for doing it. The legislation authorizes the hiring of a
manager, assistant manager and "appropriate clerical, legal and other support
staff."

In some cases, he said, an abandoned house needs only minor repairs and could be
"given away" by the city. "Once you own it, there's so many things you can do,"
he said.

Mr. Burgess said proceeds from property sales will help support the program,
including the cost of demolishing or maintaining properties added to the land
bank.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Joe Smydo: jsmydo@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1548./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

Mortgage delinquencies keep relentless rise

BYLINE: By Christopher Snowbeck csnowbeck@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 437 words


The share of home mortgages in Minnesota that are seriously delinquent keeps
going up.

Nearly six out of every 100 mortgages in the state either were in foreclosure or
more than 90 days past due at the end of the second quarter, according to the
latest report Thursday from the Mortgage Bankers Association.

A year earlier, nearly four out of every 100 mortgages in the state were
seriously delinquent, and the rate in 2003 was just 1 percent.

Sustained growth in the number of delinquent borrowers has tempered enthusiasm
about recent declines in the number of foreclosures in the state.

In Minnesota and across the country, the surge in foreclosure activity has
shifted from subprime to prime borrowers, according to the report released
Thursday, as more homeowners struggle to make mortgage payments because of loss
of jobs and income.

From 2005 through 2007, foreclosures spiked primarily because of the failure of
subprime borrowers to stay current on mortgages that some experts say were
destined to fail with a downturn in the housing market.

One indicator of the shift: Prime fixed-rate loans now account for one in three
foreclosure starts across the nation, up from one in five a year ago, said Jay
Brinkman, chief economist for the Mortgage Bankers Association.

"There was a major drop in foreclosures on subprime (adjustable rate mortgage)
loans," Brinkman said in a statement. "The drop, however, was offset by
increases in the foreclosure rates on the other types of loans, with prime
fixed-rate loans having the biggest increase."

Minnesota had 11,089 bank foreclosures in the first six months of 2009, down 18
percent from the same period a year ago, according to a report earlier this
month from a consortium of housing groups.

Foreclosure numbers likely have dropped in part because many lenders volunteered
to stop repossessing homes this winter and spring while the government worked
out details of a plan to prevent foreclosures.

Brinkman said it's questionable how well that federal program will work for
prime, fixed-rate borrowers struggling to make payments due to a lack of income.

During a conference call with reporters Thursday, Brinkman again stressed that
much of the nation's foreclosure problem stems from troubles in four states --
California, Florida, Nevada and Arizona. Those states accounted for 44.1 percent
of all foreclosure starts in the country during the second quarter.

That top-heavy distribution means 43 states -- including Minnesota -- actually
had a below-average rate of foreclosure starts during the second quarter,
Brinkman said.

Christopher Snowbeck can be reached at 651-228-5479.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 9, 2015

MGIC's Delinquent Loans Fall in February

BYLINE: Jacob Passy

SECTION: DISTRESSED Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 133  words


MGIC Investment Corp. saw its inventory of delinquent loans resume its reduction
in February after growing the month prior, according to data the mortgage
insurer released Monday.

MGIC ended February with 75,471 delinquent loans, a decrease of 4,673 from the
month prior, the company said in a press release. This downward movement
returned the Milwaukee-based company to its longstanding trend of decreasing its
inventory of delinquent loans afterit ended January with 243 more than it
started.

In February, MGIC did see 5,640 newly delinquent loans, but it offset this by
curing 8,727 loans and seeing an additional 1,493 go through claims paid.
Additionally, the company trimmed 93 more loans through rescissions and denials.

MGIC had $164.9 billion of primary insurance-in-force at the end of 2014.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Foreclosures are nearly a thing of the past in Idaho

BYLINE: Teya Vitu

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 365  words


Idaho homeowners are doing a better job than most in the U.S. on paying their
mortgages and staying out of foreclosure.

Idaho has one of the lowest "seriously delinquent" mortgage payment rates in the
country, according to real estate data provider CoreLogic. And Idaho's rate of
foreclosure dropped sharply last year.

Idaho experienced a 30 percent year-to-year decrease in the foreclosure of homes
to .5 percent in May, the lowest rates since September 2007, CoreLogic reported.
The national average decrease was 24.5 percent.

Idaho had the ninth-highest drop in home foreclosure inventory. Seven of the
eight other states had a higher proportion of foreclosed homes than Idaho.

Idaho's statewide foreclosure inventory was half the national average of 1
percent and the 12th lowest behind Minnesota, California, Colorado, Utah,
Nebraska, Montana, Alaska, Michigan, Tennessee, Virginia and Arizona.

Idaho's economic stability, robust home sales market and record home prices
essentially set foreclosures on the back shelf in Idaho, said Carrie Farmer,
president of Boise Regional Realtors.

"There's no need to do short sales anymore," said Farmer, associate broker at
Group One Sotheby's International Realty. "I think it has to do with the fact
that our homeowners are not underwater as they were. "

Idaho foreclosure inventory peaked at 2.85 percent in 2010, and had its lowest
period of below .4 percent from September 2005 to May 2007, according to
CoreLogic statistics.

Seriously delinquent home payments are defined as those that are 90 days
overdue.   Idaho had the 10th lowest seriously delinquent rate behind North
Dakota, California, Arizona, Minnesota, Colorado, Utah, Nebraska, Montana and
Alaska - all within .6 percentage point of Idaho. The highest delinquency rates
are in New Jersey and New York at 6.7 percent and 6.5 percent, respectively,
with Maryland, Florida, Delaware, Maine, Rhodes Island and Mississippi above 4
percent.

The seriously delinquent rate in Idaho was as high as 6.8 percent in February
2010, according to CoreLogic.



http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 21, 2010 Sunday

City goes after delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Karen Middleton, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Mar. 21--Think you can close up shop and skip paying delinquent sales tax?

Think again. The city of Athens has long employed a collection service that goes
after delinquent taxpayers.

Athens City Clerk John Hamilton said he has been employed by the city for six
years and officials were using the service of AlaTax collection services at the
time he came.

"We use Revenue Discovery Systems, which was formerly AlaTax, and have expanded
their services to not only collect delinquent sales tax, but also alcohol and
lodging taxes," said Hamilton. "They take a percentage of the fees collected."

Hamilton said RDS provides comprehensive services that include depositing
collected funds once a month in a city account and also submitting periodic
reports that give the status of businesses.

According to the RDS Web site, the company, using a taxpayer database, generates
statistical models that identify taxpayers falling farthest outside normal
ranges.

For example, the RDS system scores taxpayers according to deviations both from
the taxpayer's own pattern of receipts and payments (comparing returns from the
same taxpayer from one year to the next) and also by comparing each taxpayer's
returns with the normal ranges of comparable taxpayers.

RDS receives only a percentage of the delinquent fees/taxes discovered and
recovered as a direct result of its services. Typically, there are no up-front
costs for this purely "results-based" service.

"Fifty percent of the towns and cities across Alabama use them," said Hamilton.
"Also, when someone goes into business, they can call them and they will send
them all the forms they need."

Hamilton said the company sends out letters to delinquent taxpayers, and if that
doesn't get results, they place liens against property.

Hamilton said that typically data coming from RDS is broken down into easily
readable charts on gross amount of sales taxes compared to the years before,
graphs and financial information.

"Some towns use them for renewal of business licenses," said Hamilton. "We have
not used them for that. If we, the city, don't have a business license on file
for someone, but RDS has data in its system of them sending sales tax in, they
try to match up those with the business licenses.

"If they find someone hasn't taken out a business license for the last five
years, they can go back and collect for all five years. Then they send us half."

To see more of The News Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.enewscourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100321-XN-City-goes-after-delinquent-taxes-0321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2010 The News Courier


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 29, 2009 Wednesday

Delinquent property owner plans to pay taxes

BYLINE: Deangelo McDaniel, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Apr. 29--A downturn in the economy is the reason a Decatur man said more than
100 pieces of his rental property are on Morgan County's delinquent tax list.

Although he may not pay all of the taxes before the May 5 tax auction, Jeff
Rollison said he will redeem the property.

Rollison, responding to a Sunday story in The Decatur Daily, said several
tenants have called thinking they will not be required to pay rent if they
purchase the property at auction.

"That's not the case," he said.

He's right.

Morgan County Revenue Commissioner Amanda Scott said successful bidders cannot
do anything with the property for up to three years.

During that time, Rollison may redeem the property, but must pay the successful
bidders 12 percent interest.

'I plan to pay'

"Eventually, I plan to pay all the taxes and keep the property," Rollison said.

He's already paid some of the taxes, fees and interest for property on the
delinquent list, including a 24-unit apartment complex on Chestnut Street
Southeast and a six-unit building in the 1200 block of 16th Avenue Southeast.

Rollison, one of the largest landlords in Decatur, said he hasn't been able to
pay the taxes because of a high vacancy rate that started in August and an
increase in the number of tenants behind on rent.

He said an energy crisis that gripped the nation forced some of his tenants to
choose between rent and energy.

"In lieu of evicting, I'm trying to work with them," he said. "I can't force
them to give something they don't have."

Rollison said he's been in business 12 years and has never had a year like 2008.

The Decatur Housing Authority said some of Rollison's tenants are Section 8
clients, but the authority could not release financial information.

Depending on income level, Section 8 clients receive government funding to help
pay for housing.

Rollison did not immediately know how many Section 8 tenants he has. He did say
most of his Section 8 clients were in single-family homes.

Some of Rollison's delinquent tax properties are not habitable. He said he plans
to raze the home at 221 Memorial Drive N.W., and will likely remove

or destroy a detached building on land at 223 Memorial Drive N.W.

There are hundreds of other people on the delinquent tax list, but Rollison is
the largest.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090429-DD-Delinquent-property-owner-plans-to-pay-taxes-0429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2009 The Decatur Daily


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 350 words


CFPUA will collect delinquent bills

NEW HANOVER COUNTY | The Cape Fear Public Utility Authority board decided
Wednesday to continue to collect delinquent trash bills despite questions about
CFPUA's ability to collect for the service.

"We may not have the authority to collect delinquent trash bills from another
service provider," said authority spokeswoman Carey Disney Ricks

The question was raised after the authority sought to contract with a collection
agency to recover money from customers with closed or delinquent accounts. Since
the authority collects trash fees for the city of Wilmington, officials asked
the city to enter into the agreement too. But the UNC Institute of Government
has said that there is no law that allows the authority to collect the fees for
the city. Nor is there a law that prohibits it.

Ricks said the board decided Wednesday to seek a "clarification" from the state.
It is unclear if a local bill will need to be introduced. Until the authority
gets an answer from Raleigh, the board voted to continue to bill and collect for
the services.

- Kevin Maurer

'Teen Mom' details finances to court

BRUNSWICK COUNTY | Court documents revealed why "Teen Mom 2" star Jenelle Evans
was denied a court-appointed attorney Tuesday after a judge deemed she did not
financially qualify.

Evans listed her monthly income as $1,000 and said she was under contract with
MTV, according to an affidavit of indigency filed with the Brunswick County
Clerk of Court. Her total monthly expenses are $510, according to the document.

She said she pays $50 a month for food, $130 in child support and $230 for
unspecified installment payments. Installment payments usually refer to
transactions such as auto loans that require a certain amount be paid each
month.

Evans first appeared on the MTV show "16 and Pregnant" before signing on to
"Teen Mom 2." She has a young son, Jace, and recently signed over custody to her
mother.

She appeared in court Tuesday on simple affray and simple assault charges after
a video circulated online of her fighting with one-time friend Brittany Truett.

- Erin Zureick

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Delinquent taxpayers owe New Hanover nearly $4 million

BYLINE: Hunter Ingram, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 812 words


March 25--NEW HANOVER COUNTY -- Nearly $4 million in 2015 property taxes is owed
to New Hanover County as of March 21, according to an annual report released by
the county tax department.

Businesses, corporations, dissolved entities and homeowners are among the 3,635
property owners who owe $3.89 million on parcels in the county. The balances
range from just over $53,000 to $5.82.

The county's tax collection rate was 98.8 percent last year, said county Tax
Administrator Roger Kelley. Property tax bills became delinquent on Jan. 6,
after which time property owners receive two notices.

Wilmington Mayor Bill Saffo's name was on the list for $1,788.96 -- taxes
connected to a lot in an industrial park off North Kerr Ave he formerly owned
along with several family members.

Saffo said the land had been under contract and was set to close last year, but
the closing was delayed until this month. The taxes were paid Monday by a law
firm, according to county records.

"It should have been paid at the time it was due," said the mayor, who said he
did not know of the overdue taxes until he was contacted by the StarNews on
Thursday.

"Obviously you want to pay your taxes," Saffo said. "That's part of living in
the city and living in a great county like ours."

Payment plan

This is the second year in a row that the county's delinquency list has
dwindled. At this time last year, New Hanover was owed $4 million on about 4,200
parcels. In 2014, the county was owed $5.7 million on 4,952 parcels.

Kelley attributes the diminished number of delinquent taxpayers to increased
enrollment in the tax office's coupon program that began in September 2014. The
program allows property owners to pay their taxes in four installments leading
up to the due date. Previously, payment plans were only offered once an account
became delinquent.

"There are a lot of people using them, even some businesses," Kelley said. "A
lot of residents never knew they didn't have to pay it all at once, especially
senior citizens."

Kelly said the county is required by law to run the names of delinquent
taxpayers in print; the list will appear in Sunday's StarNews. But he said the
public tactic doesn't have the same effect it used to.

"It used to be embarrassing for people to see their name in the paper, but now
they don't seem to care," he said.

From high to low

Interest accrues monthly on unpaid property taxes at a rate of 2 percent for
January and 0.75 percent each month after that, Kelley said.

Joyner Marina LLC sits atop this year's list, owing $59,442.19 on two parcels.
Last year, Joyner came in second with $56,793.26 owed on the same two parcels.
Multiple calls to Joyner Marina on Thursday were not returned.

Raleigh-based Foreverhome LLC, which also operated locally under the name
Foreverhome of Wilmington, claims 24 parcels on the list, totaling $53,628.44 in
uncollected taxes. This comes after news broke last summer of the company's
"cash flow problems." At the time, co-founder Mark Ward said the setback was
temporary. The homebuilder had ongoing projects in Wilmington, Middle Sound,
Porters Neck, Castle Hayne and Landfall.

The company could not be reached for comment Thursday.

Foreverhome owned 27 properties on last year's list with unpaid taxes totaling
$37,277.83.

New Hanover Health Investors LLC, which has been dissolved, owes the county
$43,144.42 on one parcel at 3915 Stedwick Court.

City Marina Wilmington LLC owes $34,301.48.

Astor Holdings LLC, which was dissolved in 2009, still owes the county
$27,141.63 in outstanding taxes on four parcels.

But not everyone owes thousands of dollars to the county -- 249 taxpayers owe
less than $20.

Kelley said he understands that some of the uncollected taxes are from people
still climbing their way out of a struggling economy.

"We've still got a lot of unemployed residents out there trying to get caught
up," he said.

Reporter Julian March contributed to this story.

Reporter Hunter Ingram can be reached at 910-343-2327 or
Hunter.Ingram@StarNewsOnline.com

To pay property taxes:

In-person payments -- cashiers check, money order or cash -- can be made at 230
Government Center Drive, Suite 190, between 7:30 a.m. and 5 p.m.

--To pay by check, send payment to New Hanover County Tax Office, PO Box 18000,
Wilmington, NC 28406

--To pay by credit or debit cards, property owners can go to
www.officialpayments.com or call 1-800-2-PAY-TAX. The jurisdiction code is 4345.
A vendor provides this service and charges a fee. Property owners will need
their bill year, type and number.

The New Hanover County Tax Office doesn't accept credit or debit cards at this
time.

Property owners need to indicate their bill year, bill number and type of tax to
ensure their account is credited properly.

___ (c)2016 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160325-WG-Delinquent
-taxpayers-owe-New-Hanover-nearly-4-million-0325-20160325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2016 Morning Star


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 30, 2010 Thursday

Delinquent water bill changes get OK;
Trotwood will no longer just assess fee to property taxes.

BYLINE: By Toni Coleman Contributing Writer

SECTION: ENGLEWOOD TROTWOOD CLAYTON BROOKVILLE UNION AND DAYTON; Pg. RB2

LENGTH: 432 words


TROTWOOD - An ordinance to establish and refine a more stringent set of
procedures and guidelines to collect the nearly $500,000 owed to Trotwood for
water delinquency charges was unanimously approved by council.

Passage of the ordinance on Sept. 20 allows city manager Mike Lucking and the
finance department to set up a heightened awareness of the debt collection
process. In the past, if water bills were overdue and not paid in full by the
required deadline, the bill was assessed to the individual on their property tax
receipt and sent to the Montgomery County Auditor.

The difficulty with this process is "Trotwood still buys and pays for water
regardless of whether the customer pays or not," Lucking said.

The procedure for the collection of non-payment of delinquent water charges are:

Any delinquent account that's shut off will remain off until all charges are
paid in full. This includes late fees, off and on and return checks charges,
should they apply.

The water service will remain off even if balances have been sent to the county
auditor's office to be placed on the tax duplicate for collection with the
property taxes. Delinquent accounts turned over to the County Auditor for
assessment will need to be paid in full at the auditor's office. A paid in full
receipt for delinquent charges should be presented to the finance department for
service to be restored.

Trotwood has an appeals process if someone wants to dispute their bill and set
up a hearing. "Payment arrangements must be maintained this time around, in
order to keep water services turned on," said Lucking.

In other business

The city dropped its annual leaf pickup program in 2009 to help balance the
city's general fund.

City council leaders requested funds to help ease the burden for senior citizens
this year.

The city council unanimously passed a 7-0 motion Sept. 20, to allocate $25,000
from the city's general fund to assist with leaf pickup on every street in
Trotwood during November.

Rumpke's refuse trucks still offers leaf pickup of as many as 15 bags left at
the curb so they can get rid of leaves until the unbagged (loose) leaves are
picked up in Nov.

Money's still tight, according to Councilman Rap Hankins, who isn't sure how
many times leaves will be picked up on each street. "If we can make more than
one pickup we will, but when the money runs out, it's gone," Hankins said.

The city doesn't plan to increase funding for leaf pickup beyond the amount
already allocated.

The Trotwood City Council meets again Oct. 4 at 7:30 p.m. at the Trot-wood
Community Center council chambers, 4000 Lake Center Drive.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 14, 1995, Saturday, FIVE STAR Edition

MSD IS CLOSING BUSINESSES WITH DELINQUENT SEWER BILLS

BYLINE: Fred W. Lindecke Missouri Political Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 354 words


The Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District has started closing businesses that
fail to pay their sewer bills.

The MSD recently plugged the sewer line of four St. Louis businesses, and the
city Water Division shut off water service. The businesses could not operate
because they did not have sanitary facilities.

Two of the businesses later paid their delinquent bills, plus an $ 800 charge
for disconnecting and then reconnecting them with the sewer line, said John
Koeper, the MSD's executive director.

The other two companies are still shut down.

The shutdowns are the first by the MSD to collect delinquent bills, Koeper said.
The sewer district was using a state law enacted in 1993 allowing sewer
companies to work together with water companies to enforce payment of sewer
bills.

"It's a harsh thing to do, but the taxpayers must make up for the lost income if
the bills are not paid," Koeper said. The MSD has about $ 7 million in
delinquent business and residential accounts.

Sewer companies have had chronic difficulty in collecting past-due bills because
customers know how complicated it is to cut off sewer service, Koeper said.

In August, the MSD selected 25 of the biggest delinquent business accounts that
had not responded to dunning over the telephone or liens placed on their
property. One of the accounts dated back to 1981, Koeper said.

After being threatened with shutoff of water and sewer services, 21 paid a total
of nearly $ 80,000. The four customers whose lines were blocked owed more than $
20,000, Koeper said.

Blocking sewer lines of delinquent bill-payers will continue, Koeper said. The
first 25 companies "were the quickest and easiest to do because we could reach
their sewer lines from inside the business. The tough ones will be where we have
to dig up the street. They will have to pay a higher reconnection fee," he said.

The MSD has yet to develop a policy on blocking sewer lines of delinquent
residential customers, Koeper said. "We have to work out a system for
determining who can afford to pay" before proceeding against residential
property, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 23, 2004 Friday

TAX DEFAULTS SOAR AS HOMEOWNERS STRUGGLE

BYLINE: LOIS WEISS

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 201 words


New York City homeowners appear to be on the verge of a meltdown.

While home sale prices and tax rates increased last year, the tax delinquency
rate soared, according to a new report.

A Dept. of Finance spokesperson blames the uptick in homeowner delinquency on a
mid-year rebilling plus a rate increase in the same bill. "It's confusion, not
hardship," said Sam Miller. For Class I properties - one- to three-family homes
- the number of delinquent parcels at the end of fiscal year 2003 (from July 1,
2002, to June 30, 2003) rose 50 percent to 137,578, while the amount owed
increased 16 percent to $62.9 million. Comparing Class I delinquencies from
March 31, 2003, to March 31, 2004 - stats not available in the report - the
number of delinquent parcels rose to 81,543 from 127,581. The number of
delinquent Class II condominiums, whose owners are responsible for their own
taxes, increased to 15,688 in 2003 from 8,840 in 2002, going from a 3.3 percent
delinquency rate to 4.6 percent. Another 3,000 condos in Class I were also
delinquent, versus 1,907 the year before.

An 18.5 percent across-the-board tax increase became effective last year. City
Hall is seeking a rebate, which needs Albany's OK.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLOOMIE Constituents in pain.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Arizona: SENATE BILL 1228

LENGTH: 1251  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Office of the Legislative, The State of Arizona has issued the following bill:

AN ACT

Amending title 37, chapter 2, article 4, Arizona Revised Statutes, by adding
section 37-287.01; amending sections 37-288 and 37-289, Arizona Revised
Statutes; relating to state trust land leases.

(TEXT OF BILL BEGINS ON NEXT PAGE)


Be it enacted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona:

Section 1.  Title 37, chapter 2, article 4, Arizona Revised Statutes, is amended
by adding section 37-287.01, to read:

37-287.01.  Default on long-term lease; forfeiture and cancellation of lease;
extension of time for payments

A.  If a lessee of a lease in excess of ten years defaults in a payment of rent,
as provided in the lease, or fails to comply with a condition, covenant or
requirement of the lease, the lease and the lessee's rights under the lease are
subject to forfeiture and cancellation as provided by this section and section
37-289.  Within sixty days after default or failure the department shall notify
the lessee of the default or failure by certified mail to the lessee's last
known address of record with the department.

B.  On the written request of a lessee of a lease in excess of ten years, the
commissioner may extend the time for payment of the delinquent amount for a
period of not more than five years on terms that the commissioner considers to
be appropriate as follows:

1.  The commissioner may grant an extension in response to a request made within
sixty days before the due date of the payment.  An extension under this
paragraph begins on the date the payment was due and continues for the period
stated in a written notice to the lessee.

2.  The commissioner may grant an extension in response to a request made within
sixty days after the date of the default or failure notice provided in
subsection A of this section.  An extension under this paragraph begins on the
date of the notice and continues for the period stated in a written notice to
the lessee.

3.  If the department does not act on a request for extension within thirty days
after receiving the request, the request is considered to be denied.  If the
lessee fails during the period of the extension to complete all delinquent
payments of rent, penalty and interest, the lease is subject to default and
cancellation as provided by this section and section 37[#x2011]289, except that
if the last day of the last period of extension expires on the last day of the
five[#x2011]year period and all delinquent payments have not been paid by the
last day of the five[#x2011]year period, the lease is automatically canceled on
the last day of the five[#x2011]year period and shall be so noted on the records
of the department.

4.  If a payment of rent is made after the due date, payments must be made
according to the extension granted by the commissioner under this subsection.

C.  There shall be added to the delinquent rental a penalty and delinquent
interest.  The rate of interest on delinquent rent shall be set by the state
treasurer.  The penalty shall be the greater of a minimum processing cost as
determined by the commissioner or five per cent.  The delinquent rent, penalty
and interest shall be a lien on the improvements, crops and property on the
land.

Sec. 2.  Section 37-288, Arizona Revised Statutes, is amended to read:

37-288.  Default on short-term lease; forfeiture and cancellation of lease;
extension of time for payment; penalty and interest on delinquent rental;
automatic termination for arrearage

A.  A lessee of state lands violating any condition of the lease shall be in
default and shall forfeit the lease and the lessee's rights under the lease
after cancellation pursuant to section 37[#x2011]289.

A.  If a lessee of a lease of ten years or less defaults in a payment of rent,
as provided in the lease, or fails to comply with a condition, covenant or
requirement of the lease, the lease and the lessee's rights under the lease are
subject to forfeiture and cancellation as provided by this section and section
37-289.

B.  If the lessee of a lease of ten years or less fails to pay the rent when
due, the department may extend the time for payment an additional period not to
exceed ninety days.  The department shall not extend the period for payment of
rental more than three times in one lease year and in no event for more than two
hundred seventy days.

C.  There shall be added to the delinquent rental a penalty and delinquent
interest.  The delinquent rate of interest on delinquent rent shall be set by
the state treasurer under section 37[#x2011]247, subsection D.  The penalty
shall be the greater of a minimum processing cost as determined by the
commissioner or five per cent.  The delinquent rent, penalty and interest shall
be a lien on the improvements, crops and property on the land.

D.  If, on a lease of ten years or less, the annual rental at any time is one
calendar year in arrears from the date the rental payment was due, the lease
shall automatically terminate and the department shall proceed to cancel it on
the records of the department.

Sec. 3.  Section 37-289, Arizona Revised Statutes, is amended to read:

37-289.  Procedure on cancellation of lease; notice, default, hearing and appeal

A.  Before any lease is canceled, the commissioner shall take the following
steps:

1.  Immediate Notice of default shall be sent by certified mail to the lessee
and to any parties who have registered with the department as mortgagees or
other lienholders of the lessee's interest.  The notice shall inform the lessee
and his registered mortgagees and lienholders of the specific nature of any
default and their right to cure any curable default.

2.  For leases of ten years or less, the lessee and his registered mortgagees
and lienholders have thirty days from receipt of notice of default in which to
cure any default involving failure to pay rent, taxes or other assessments, and
forty[#x2011]five days from the receipt of notice to cure any other curable
default.

3.  For leases of more than ten years, the lessee and registered mortgagees and
lienholders have sixty days from receipt of notice of default in which to cure
any curable default.

3.  4.  As a condition of curing a default, the commissioner may require the
lessee and his registered mortgagees and lienholders to waive any right to cure
future defaults of the same type.  A waiver of the right to cure is valid only
until the expiration of the current lease.

B.  If the default is not cured within the applicable time period, the
commissioner may make an order canceling the lease, and if it appears that the
lease was procured through fraud, deceit or wilful misrepresentation, the
improvements on the land shall be forfeited to the state.  If the lease is
canceled for any other reason, the lessee shall be permitted to remove his the
lessee's improvements at any time within sixty days after the date of
cancellation.

C.  In the event of cancellation the commissioner shall make a formal order
canceling the lease, and a copy of the order shall be mailed to the last known
post office address of the lessee and his registered mortgagees and lienholders.

D.  The lessee and his registered mortgagees or other lienholders may appeal a
cancellation order pursuant to title 41, chapter 6, article 10.  If no appeal is
made within the prescribed time or if no notice is filed with the department
pursuant to section 37[#x2011]255, subsection C, the order shall become final
and the lease shall be canceled on the records of the department.

For further information please visit: http://www.azleg.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                December 3, 1990

Countrywide Selling Portfolio of Agency Servicing

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 529 words

DATELINE: PASADENA, Calif.


Countrywide Servicing Exchange has for sale a $ 50 million Government National
Mortgage Association/Federal National Mortgage Association/Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corp. servicing portfolio.

There are 690 loans in the portfolio including 385 Ginnie Mae, 238 Fannie Mae
and 67 Freddie Mac.

All loans were originated in Florida.  Most are located in the central part of
the state.  There are 30 loans originated in Broward County (Fort Lauderdale).
There are no loans in Dade County (Miami).

The average loan balance for the entire portfolio is $ 72,293.

The weighted average note rate is 9.974%.  The net service fee is .421%.

The portfolio has a weighted average original term of 327 months and a weighted
average remaining term of 322 months.

The projected average escrow balance is $ 699.  The monthly principal and
interest rate payment is $ 450,651 or $ 653 per loan.

The monthly tax and insurance payment is $ 74,176 or $ 108 per loan.

In the Ginnie Mae portfolio, there are four loans that are delinquent at least
30 days and two that are delinquent at least 60 days.

All loans are fixed-rate and level payment.  All pools will have final
certification within the timeframe required by Ginnie Mae.

The Fannie Mae portion of the package has five loans that are delinquent at
least 30 days.

All loans were sold on a non-recourse basis.

There are no participations or graduated payment mortgages.  There is one
buydown loan with a principal balance of $ 171,087.

The 25 balloon loans have a 30-year amortization schedule for the principal and
interest and are due in seven years.

There are 12 adjustable-rate mortgages in the Fannie Mae portfolio.  All are
tied to the one-year Treasury bill with a margin of 2.750%.  Interest and
payments adjust annually.

All the loans have an annual interest rate cap of 2.00% and lifetime interest
rate cap of 6.00%.

There is one delinquent loan in the Freddie Mac portfolio.

All loans were sold on a non-recourse basis, and are fixed-rate and level
payment.

Countrywide also is offering for sale a $ 103.1 million Government National
Mortgage Association mortgage servicing portfolio.

The portfolio consists of 1,256 loans, all originated in California.  There are
1,036 FHA loans and 220 VA loans.

The weighted average note rate is 9.935%.  The weighted average net service fee
is .440%.

The portfolio had an original term of 360 months and a weighted average
remaining term of 352 months.

There are 24 loans that are delinquent at least 30 days.  There is one loan that
is delinquent 60 days.  There are no foreclosures.

The monthly principal and interest payment is $ 903,471 or $ 719 per loan.

The projected average escrow balance is $ 627.

There are 47 pools in the portfolio.  At this time, 15 have received final
certification, and nine additional pools have been submitted for final
certification.

According to Countrywide, all pools will be certified within the time frame
required by Ginnie Mae.

All the loans were originated by the seller on a retail basis.

Over 95% are on single family detatched residences.  A similar figure is given
for owner occupied properties in portfolio.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   August 27, 2005 Saturday Michigan Edition

County owed millions in taxes;
First tax sale in three years tentatively set for Oct. 3.

BYLINE: By JAMES WENSITS; Tribune Political Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 452 words


SOUTH BEND -- St. Joseph County is owed $17.7 million in delinquent property
taxes, and county officials are doing their best to collect some of it.

Even if they do, though, it won't help the county's current budget crunch.

That's because state tax laws set a ceiling on the tax levy -- the amount of
taxes that can be spent. The levy is allowed to increase slightly each year but
it isn't directly affected, by an increase in tax collections.

To further the collection process, county Treasurer Sean Coleman has started
sending out notices warning delinquent taxpapers that their properties can be
sold for back taxes.

Coleman has set Oct. 3 as the tentative date for the tax sale, which would be
the first held by the county in three years.

Tax sales are normally held annually, but the county has been in turmoil because
of the last reassessment and changes in how property is assessed.

In all, the treasurer said he is sending out 5,894 delinquent tax notices. Those
notices are expected to generate new income for the county as people scramble to
pay what they owe rather than lose their property.

Not all of the tax notices are expected to bear fruit.

According to Coleman, some of the delinquent properties are already owned by
government entities, some are pending an appeal and some are not eligible for
tax sale because they are in bankruptcy actions.

Even if the list of delinquent property owners that can be collected from is
pared down considerably, the potential for tax income is enormous.

A recent review of county government operations recommended that the county hold
a tax sale because of that potential.

According to that report, just under 2,100 parcels that were eligible for a
recent tax sale in Delaware County (Muncie) generated $2.6 million in taxes
collected before the sale and $894,000 more at the sale itself.

In Porter County, with just more than 1,000 eligible parcels, $1.8 million was
collected before the sale and $629,000 more at the sale.

No matter how much money is generated by the St. Joseph County tax sale, Chief
Deputy Auditor John Lentz said state law won't allow any of it to finance next
year's county budget.

Under state law, the county is allowed a tax levy of $30.4 million for next
year. If $5 million should be collected at the tax sale, Lentz said, it would go
into an excess levy fund and be held until next year, when it would be
subtracted from the available levy for the 2007 budget.

Because the tax levy is the result of the overall assessed valuation multiplied
by the tax rate, the net effect would be to lower property taxes.

Staff writer James Wensits:

jwensits@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6353


LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: Pittston focusing on delinquent fees

BYLINE: Sarah Scinto, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 163 words


March 19--PITTSTON -- City officials hope to begin recouping about $500,000 in
delinquent sewer maintenance fees with an amendment to the city's code.

City council voted unanimously Wednesday night to amend the Sewer Rents and
Charges section of the city's code to allow Wyoming Valley Sewer Authority to
shut off water service to properties with delinquent fees.

City Manager Joe Moskovitz said about 1,100 properties within city limits have
delinquent sewer fees.

Mr. Moskovitz noted the city raised its sewer maintenance fees this year partly
because of the large amount of delinquent fees.

The amendment includes several payment plan options for people who have fallen
behind on their sewer maintenance fees. Mr. Moskovitz said the city is willing
to work with residents and property owners to help them keep their water
service.

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150319-YT-BRF-Pittston-focusing-on-delinquent-fees-0319-20150319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 8, 2013 Monday

Trip raises delinquent tax issue at Highlands School District

BYLINE: Tom Yerace, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 785 words


April 08--A Highlands School Board member owes the district $33,000 in
delinquent taxes on four properties.

Despite that, board member Ron Lang plans to attend a national school conference
in California later this week -- a trip that will cost taxpayers about $2,000.

An eight-year member of the board, Lang owes the taxes on his house on Ninth
Avenue in Brackenridge and three business properties in Tarentum, according to
the Highlands Tax Office.

"I had business complications a while back," Lang said. "I put this on a payment
plan agreement with the school district. It's just dirty politics."

The issue arose when fellow board member Debbie Beale submitted a letter to the
editor of the Valley News Dispatch about it.

Records show that Lang owes:

--About $9,600 in back taxes on his house from 2007 through 2010.

--$12,800 on the Praha Hotel in Tarentum, his primary business from 2007 through
2011.

--About $10,600 on the building along Fifth Avenue in Tarentum that houses
Bangor's bar, plus a separate but adjoining rear lot that faces Fourth Avenue.
Those taxes are delinquent for the years 2007 through 2011.

District Business Manager Jon Rupert confirmed that Lang is on a payment plan,
paying $500 per month on the taxes plus a penalty and 10 percent interest.

Lang said he intends to have the taxes paid up around Labor Day.

Beale said constituents asked her to look into the matter while passing out her
nominating petitions for the upcoming primary election. Both she and Lang are
unopposed in District 2 in May.

The tax office confirmed Lang is the only board member who is delinquent on
taxes.

Problems not unique

Rupert said such delinquencies are not unusual.

"I know this happened before and he came in and paid it all off," Rupert said.
"People go in cycles."

Beale said she tried to keep the matter "behind closed doors," bringing it up at
a closed executive session and asked Lang to "do the right thing."

"What set me off is that he booked a trip to California for the national
convention," Beale said. "I cannot be a representative for the taxpayers and sit
there and support that. I can't do it. I won't do it."

The National School Boards Association conference is in San Diego from April
12-15.

Rupert said it costs the district about $2,300 to send a board member to the
conference, including airfare, hotel and registration.

"How could he possibly think that it would be OK for him to have the taxpayers
pay for him to go to a national convention?" Beale said. "I had no clue that
this was going on. None of us did."

"What's the difference from going to San Diego or going to Hershey?" Lang said.

He said Beale goes to the state school boards' convention in Hershey every year
and the district pays for the hotel, convention costs and driving mileage.

The airfare for the San Diego conference is $375, according to Rupert. The
driving reimbursement is 56.5 cents per mile, so the district pays $251 for a
board member to make the 445-mile round trip to Hershey.

"I will not bill the district a penny for food," Lang said. "The only thing (the
district pays for) is the airfare and the hotel."

Lang said he would not answer any other questions on the advice of his attorney,
saying he is considering legal action against Beale.

But, he said, Beale has had her own tax problems with the district.

According to a case file from District Judge Carolyn Bengel's office, Beale and
her husband, William, settled a 2009 civil complaint filed by Highlands over
$2,481 in unpaid wage taxes from 2003 and 2004. The Beales paid $2,588 for the
taxes and court costs.Beale said the case resulted from her husband working in
Newton Falls, Ohio, and his wage taxes being withheld and paid there. She said
her husband asked Newton Falls to forward the taxes back home. She said they
believed that was done, but it wasn't.

When asked about Lang's tax situation, board President Carrie Fox said, "I
believe people need to pay their taxes. But I don't know everybody's personal
problems and personal issues. I don't know what's going on in (Lang's) life."

She said Lang does a good job serving on the board. She also noted he served as
Highlands girls basketball head coach in 2012-13 -- without pay.

"I've told the board it is not up to us to judge him," Fox said. "It is up to
the electors out in the Valley, the people who elect him," she said.

Beale said she's not judging Lang.

"I just don't think he should take this trip," she said.

Tom Yerace is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-226-4675 or tyerace@tribweb.com

___ (c)2013 The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) Visit The Valley
News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/valleynewsdispatch/
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130408-TV-Trip-raises-delinquent
-tax-issue-at-Highlands-School-District-0408-20130408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2013 The Valley News-Dispatch


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             July 5, 2003 Saturday

County auction of delinquent properties slated Aug. 5

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 108 words


Sangamon County will auction 169 properties that were delinquent on property
taxes for 1999 and earlier at a public auction at 6 p.m. Aug. 5 at the Prairie
Capital Convention Center.

Bidding will start at $450 per property. Bidders are encouraged to attend the
auction sale. Each item will sell to the highest bidder.

Sale catalogs are available for $10 each at the Sangamon County treasurer's
office in Springfield.

For further information, contact the auction sale department of the Sangamon
County Delinquent Tax Agent's Office at (800) 248-2850 or (618) 656-5744.

Office hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2003 The State Journal-Register


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday

Erie Redevelopment Authority seeks tax forgiveness

BYLINE: Erica Erwin, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Sept. 05--The Erie Redevelopment Authority today will ask Erie City Council to
forgive delinquent taxes on 15 properties to make the properties more attractive
for resale.

"Ultimately, the idea here is to see these properties improved and returned to
the tax rolls," said Kim Green, the authority's executive director.

City Council will vote on whether to forgive back taxes, fines and penalties
that amounted to $13,773 as of Tuesday, according to Erie County tax records.
That amount does not include fees.

Most of the properties are vacant parcels. Each of the properties was declared
tax exempt by the Erie County Board of Tax Assessment Appeals in fall 2011, but
the board has no authority to forgive delinquent taxes, Green said. The latest
delinquency dates back to 2006; most properties are delinquent for more than one
year.

The back taxes make it more difficult to sell the properties, Green said. The
2013 assessed value of the properties ranges from $4,300 to $123,900, according
to county tax records. The total amount owed on the properties, including
delinquent taxes, penalties and interest but excluding fees, ranges from $21.10
to nearly $10,230.

"Nobody's going to purchase these for the amounts owed on them," Green said.
"They're going to continue to be blighted properties that make the value of the
properties in the other neighborhood go down. The goal is to get them back in
productive use so the properties can pay taxes to the city, the county and the
school districts."

The authority, which is largely funded through state and federal grants, has no
money to pay the back taxes, Green said. The grants can't be used to pay
delinquent taxes, she said.

"When the buyer does come in and buys the property, we have to use the money the
buyer gives us to pay back the federal government for the acquisition cost, the
demolition cost, so we rarely ever see a profit on these properties," she said.

The authority also intends to ask two other taxing bodies -- Erie County and the
Erie School District -- for forgiveness on the same properties, Green said. As
of Tuesday, the total owed to the county and school district, including back
taxes, interest and penalties but excluding fees, was $7,104 and $20,550,
respectively.

All three taxing bodies would have to approve of the move before any delinquent
property taxes are forgiven.

ERICA ERWIN can be reached at 870-1846 or by e-mail. Follow her on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNerwin.

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120905-EI-Erie-Redevelopment-Authority-seeks-tax-forgiveness-0905-20120905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

Credit unions' bad loans fewer than banks;
A majority of the Jacksonville businesses did lose money in '09.

BYLINE: MARK BASCH

SECTION: Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 855 words


Just like the trend in the local banking industry, many of Jacksonville's credit
unions posted net losses in 2009.

But unlike the commercial banks, credit unions aren't saddled with large numbers
of problem loans that threaten their future financial health.

A look at the 2009 financial reports filed by all 24 federally-insured credit
unions headquartered in the Jacksonville metropolitan area shows that a majority
did lose money last year, as the weak economy caused some borrowers to default
on their loans. But after writing off those loans last year, the credit unions
didn't carry a lot of bad loans on their books into 2010.

"The overall health is actually really good," said Terry West, president and CEO
of VyStar Credit Union, Jacksonville's largest credit union.

At the end of 2009, the total amount of delinquent loans at the 24 credit unions
equaled only 2.1 percent of all loans. Meanwhile, bad loans at Jacksonville's 16
commercial banks equaled 11.6 percent of all loans.

More ominously for banks, the total amount of overdue loans was about equal to
their total capital. That means if the banks have to write off all those bad
loans, it will wipe out their capital. But the credit unions' bad loans equaled
only 14.4 percent of their capital.

John Hirabayashi, president of Community First Credit Union of Florida, said
credit unions are more conservative than commercial banks in their lending
practices.

"One of the biggest differences is credit unions aren't into commercial real
estate loans as much as banks," Hirabayashi said.

He also said credit unions don't make "exotic" loans.

"Credit unions mostly originate what we would call conforming Fannie Mae loans,"
he said.

Credit unions are financial institutions that are formed to serve a group of
people with a common bond, such as employees of one company or people who live
in a community. The credit unions are cooperative institutions owned by their
members, unlike banks that are owned by a group of shareholders.

"There is pressure on them to generate earnings but it's not the same as a
for-profit institution" said Chip Filson, president of Callahan & Associates, a
Washington, D.C., firm that provides consulting services for the credit union
industry.

With the weak economy, lending by banks decreased in 2009. But the credit union
industry increased lending by 7 percent last year to a record of $272 billion in
new loans, Filson said.

"The credit unions exist to serve the membership, not the marketplace," he said.
"They kept lending because that's what they're in business to do."

Although credit unions have fewer problem loans than banks, the economy did take
a toll in 2009.

"We have people who normally pay their bills who can't. They don't have the
money," said West.

VyStar was profitable in 2009, but West expects some credit unions to lose money
this year.

"With unemployment this high, you're going to continue to see losses through
2010," he said.

But West is optimistic about the overall state of the credit union industry.

"The vast majority are weathering the storm pretty well," he said.

mark.basch@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4308

JACKSONVILLE CREDIT UNIONS

This chart shows 2009 financial data for all federally-insured credit unions
headquartered in the Jacksonville metropolitan area, based on reports filed with
the National Credit Union Administration.

CATEGORIES DEFINED

Assets: The size of the credit union.

Net worth/assets ratio: The credit union's net worth (its capital) as a
percentage of its assets as of Dec. 31, 2009.

2009 earnings, or net loss.

Delinquent loans/loan ratio: The amount of delinquent loans as a percentage of
the credit union's total loans. Delinquent loans are defined as loans in which
the borrower is behind on payments by two months or more.

Delinquent loans/net worth ratio: Delinquent loans as a percentage of the credit
union's net worth.

YOUR CREDIT UNION

Chart offers a snapshot of the financial health of every credit union in town.
D-2

Assets Net worth/ '09 Earnings Delinquent Delinquent

Credit union (In millions) Assets (In millions) Loans/Loans Loans/NW

Anchor Seven $2,845 21.2% -$18 2.9% 7.6%

City & Police $78,208 8.8% -$241 2.5% 16.4%

Clay Electric Employees $7,418 20.0% -$9 0.0% 0.0%

Coastline $126,689 8.6% -$2,642 1.3% 7.0%

Community First Credit Union $1,103,832 8.6% -$8,341 3.0% 24.7%

Container Mutual $8,044 32.7% -$12 2.1% 2.7%

Country $41,736 10.2% $275 1.1% 8.5%

Ducote $3,586 35.5% -$64 4.3% 2.8%

Duval $60,799 10.6% -$835 2.5% 18.3%

Farmers $12,860 14.0% -$77 1.2% 4.3%

First Coast $7,046 17.1% -$14 3.1% 12.8%

First Florida $374,246 11.2% $2,549 2.0% 8.6%

Florida Baptist $23,679 11.1% -$77 0.3% 1.3%

Florida Telco $436,149 9.1% -$4,068 2.4% 19.5%

Healthcare's Cooperative $113,385 16.4% -$186 0.5% 1.5%

J.M. Associates $81,251 9.9% $395 2.1% 8.5%

Jacksonville Firemen's $31,297 13.5% -$61 1.6% 9.9%

Jacksonville Postal and Professional $42,875 18.7% $238 0.5% 1.3%

Jax $308,100 8.5% $3,189 2.6% 21.9%

Jax Glidco Employees $2,697 10.9% -$1 0.1% 0.2%

Jax Metro CU $33,722 12.9% $138 0.3% 1.5%

Metro North $14,230 17.5% $16 1.4% 5.1%

State Employees $298,699 19.9% $2,819 0.4% 0.9%

Vystar $3,991,124 8.3% $15,175 2.0% 15.4%

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 2, 2014 Sunday

Erie City Council to start 'brainstorming' solutions for delinquent trash fees

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


Feb. 02--Erie City Council has promised to aggressively tackle the issue of more
than $1.6 million in delinquent garbage fees.

That work begins this week at the panel's first Finance Committee meeting of
2014.

Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco said overdue garbage bills -- and
"brainstorming" ways to more effectively collect them -- will be the top agenda
item at Wednesday's meeting.

Horan-Kunco will serve as City Council's Finance Committee chairwoman this year.

Erie Water Works Chief Executive Paul Vojtek and Paul Lichtenwalter, the city's
finance director, will attend, Horan-Kunco said. Mayor Joe Sinnott said City
Solicitor Greg Karle's office will also send a representative.

"We want to talk about the collection and billing process now with Erie Water
Works, how it's working now, when liens are filed against those who are
delinquent and things like that," Horan-Kunco said. "We want to talk to the
Solicitor's Office about what our possible legal remedies are. We're in the
initial stages of these conversations, but we want to see what might be possible
with the collections."

Delinquent garbage fees have become a hot-button issue both at City Hall and
with the public in the wake of council's Dec. 18 passage of the city's $69.7
million budget for 2014.

That budget included increases in city residents' garbage and sewer fees, which
meant $3.1 million in new money for the spending plan.

The garbage fee increase means that the average city resident will see garbage
fees rise from an average of $48 every three months, or $192 per year, to $55
every quarter, or $220 per year, Lichtenwalter has said.

Many city residents, though, have expressed outrage that the garbage fees were
increased at a time when hundreds of customers refuse to pay their bills.

The Erie Times-News reported on Jan. 19 that as of Dec. 31, garbage
delinquencies total nearly $1.6 million, according to the Water Works.

Further, when you include municipal liens totaling more than $930,000 filed
against many other delinquent accounts, the total delinquency amount swells to
about $2.5 million, said Vojtek, the Erie Water Works' chief executive.

City Council included what's known as sunset provisions on the garbage fee
increase, meaning it is in place for 2014 only, unless council agrees to an
extension.

The provision was intended to push Sinnott's administration, council and other
city officials to work together to find a solution to the delinquency problem.

Council members have talked about a number of possible alternatives, including
hiring a collection agency to go after the delinquent revenue and rolling
garbage payments into property owners' yearly tax bills.

Sinnott has said the city could soon launch a searchable database of delinquent
garbage customers on its website, www.erie.pa.us.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140202-EI-Erie-City-Council-to-start-brainstorming-solutions-for-
delinquent-trash-fees-0202-20140202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Bank Technology News

                                 September 2012

"Kinder, Gentler" Collections;
BBVA Compass has created a web portal that lets delinquent debtors work out
their own issues in the privacy of their home

BYLINE: Penny Crosman

SECTION: HOTTOPICS: SELF-SERVICE; Pg. 8 Vol. 25 No. 9

LENGTH: 802  words


The stereotypical collections process, often a hash of stern automated messages,
threatening calls from live collections agents and excessive penalties, has long
stood in need of an upgrade.

BBVA Compass, Birmingham, Ala., is using technology to create a "kinder,
gentler" system that's also far more efficient and cost-effective. It has built
a self-service website that delinquent borrowers and cardholders can use to ask
for help, schedule a payment, or make a promise to pay (calling off the
collections hounds for whatever time period the customer specifies).

"We began having conversations several years ago about how we could leverage
convenience in terms of how the customer wants to interact with us," says Mark
Tuggle, executive vice president and director of collection and recovery at BBVA
Compass. "Sometimes banks make the mistake of building a process down to the
customer. We felt the best approach would be to build it from the customer
view."

Tuggle's team thought about how they would want to interact with a bank in the
case of a delinquent account.

"Some customers would prefer to handle the transaction by going online and
making a payment or making a promise that they'll make a payment at another time
or schedule a time to talk to us," Tuggle says. "We built all of that into our
Web Promises application."

Online, customers are directed to authenticate themselves, shown the current
status of any overdue accounts, asked to provide current contact information,
and offered several options. They can make an ACH payment from any bank account,
they can send the bank a note, they can make a promise to pay at a future date
or they can ask to be called back at an appointed time.

The bankers originally expected that most of the users of the app would be early
stage delinquent accounts, 15 to 30 days past due. But they're also seeing a
fair amount of usage on more chronic delinquent accounts. "We are happy to see
both," Tuggle says, although he would not share any usage numbers. Adoption is
increasing, he says.

"Just because a customer is delinquent doesn't mean we don't value them," he
says. "They're a customer like any other customer, we want to take care of their
needs."

BBVA Compass built the customer interface for this application. The engine that
takes the customer's input and feeds it in real time to the bank's collections
system is software from CGI called Web Promises; CGI also provides the ACH
interaction that enables payments to be made from the site. The system used by
the bank's collections agents, CACS, is also a CGI product. The transactions are
all real time, so if a customer promises to make a payment in two weeks, that
information is immediately provided to the collections agent handling that
account and the record shows that that customer should not be called until after
that date, plus a few grace days.

The setup of the new site and integration with collections operations and ACH
took about nine months.

"This had a fairly high level of difficulty, it was uncharted territory at the
time, at least from a collections perspective," Tuggle says. There was also an
authentication piece to be built in (the bank ended up extending software it
uses elsewhere for fraud detection), to ensure the bank was talking to the right
people, and it also took time to get signoff from the legal and compliance
departments.

The bank has not yet seen a drop in delinquency or chargeoff rates from using
this tool.

"We'll know more as usage rates increase," Tuggle says. "The true value is the
efficiencies gained internally on the cost side. The more customers want
self-help, we want them to have that capability to do that.

"Those customers that need personal assistance, we want to talk to see if we can
help them. There's efficiency for us, but moreover for the customer there's the
convenience piece. Some customers just want to make a payment and they don't
want to talk to us. We want to facilitate that."

One benefit the bank is seeing: while regulations restrict the hours outbound
collections calls can be made, the website operates 24/7.

The next step for this project is to add other pieces of multichannel contact.
Text alerts, chat and loan portals for loan modification assistance are all
being looked at. Some of this is constrained by the regulatory environment right
now, he says.

"The whole idea of kinder, gentler collections is the right thing to do," Tuggle
says. "There is a fair amount of regulation around how to interact with the
customer. We think by providing communication channels for our customers that
they are comfortable with, our results will be better. There's the old school
and the new school, and we've signed up for the new school."

BOTTOMLINE

BBVA Compass is exploring collections that are more efficient and more
compassionate at the same time.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/btn.html/

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: BTN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 21, 2012 Monday

Late tax notices are out

BYLINE: Allen Essex, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


May 21--BROWNSVILLE -- A total of 32,446 delinquent property tax notices for
2011 are in the mail but property owners have options to avoid a lawsuit aimed
at collecting back taxes, Cameron County Tax Assessor-Collector Tony Yzaguirre
said.

"I urge any property owner who cannot pay their taxes in full to visit any of
our tax offices and take advantage of payment plan options," Yzaguirre said.

Installment plans are available to pay taxes, penalties and interest, he said.

On July 1, all delinquent tax accounts will be turned over to a law firm for
collection, he said.

"At that point a 15 percent or 20 percent attorney fees, depending upon the
policy adopted by each tax jurisdiction, will be automatically assessed or added
to the balance of taxes due unless the taxpayer enters into a tax payment
agreement," he said.

Taxes for 2011 became delinquent on Feb. 1, but if a taxpayer signs an agreement
with the Tax Assessor-Collector's Office before June 30, no attorney fees for
taxes due for 2011 will be added on July 1 to taxpayers who continue to make
timely payments, Yzaguirre said.

"The installment plan provides taxpayers a little relief by allowing them
several additional months to pay their taxes in installments without threat of a
lawsuit," he said.

A penalty does not apply to delinquent taxes subject to installment agreements
before July 1, Yzaguirre said.

He said property may not be seized or sold and a lawsuit may not be filed to
collect delinquent taxes subject to an installment agreement, unless the
property owner:

- Fails to make a payment as required by the agreement,

- Fails to pay other property taxes collected by the unit when due as required
by the collector,

- Or breaches any other condition of the agreement.

Elderly or disabled taxpayers may also sign a deferral agreement stating they
cannot afford to pay their property taxes, but taxes will continue to accumulate
until the property changes hands, Yzaguirre said.

Disabled or senior citizens over age 65 may make quarterly payments of their
property taxes if they qualify for an exemption under Section 11.13(c) of the
Property Tax Code, Yzaguirre said. Those who make quarterly payments on time
will not be assessed penalties for late payments, he said.

All 2011 personal property taxes not paid prior to April 3 have already been
turned over to the law firm for collection, Yzaguirre said.

Payments may be made online by credit card or Internet check (iCheck) at:
www.cameroncountytax.org, he said.

___ (c)2012 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120521-HR-Late-tax-notices-are-out-0521-20120521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2012 Valley Morning Star


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 6, 2005 Thursday

Delinquent taxpayers beware!;
Names will be published in paper; predatory lenders likely will come calling

BYLINE: By Ken McCall kmccall@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 549 words


DAYTON - If you're behind on your property taxes, you'll soon have two more
things to worry about, Montgomery County Treasurer Hugh Quill warned at a
Wednesday news conference.

All property owners in the county who have been declared delinquent on their
property taxes will not only face additional fees, but they are also going to
get their names in the paper. Twice.

As a result, Quill cautioned, delinquent owners may find themselves besieged by
predatory lenders trying to take advantage of their difficulties by offering
costly loans.

The treasurer's office is getting ready to auction off property tax liens to
investors on Nov. 19. State law requires the county to publish the names and
addresses of delinquent property owners twice before the sale can go forward.

Quill said his office has sent out three warnings to delinquent taxpayers, and
the new program has already been a success. More than 5,500 owners paid their
back taxes in full since Aug. 29, he said, resulting in more than $7 million in
additional tax revenue. Another 2,000 owners have set up payment programs, he
said.

In addition, Quill said, overall collections are up more than would be expected
by rising property values. He estimates the program has resulted in more than
$27 million in additional collected taxes that will mostly go to local schools.

"We have obviously convinced people who have used nonpayment of taxes as a way
of financing real estate speculation that we are serious," Quill said.

Nevertheless, he said, about 6,000 property owners remain delinquent, so their
names and properties will be published twice this month in the Dayton Daily
News. Predatory lenders, he said, are likely to use the list to try to sell
loans.

"This is going to be a neon sign to predatory lenders out there who have been
prowling our streets for many, many years," Quill said.

An inflated property appraisal, large prepayment penalty, cash incentives and a
large balloon payment at the end of the loan are some of the possible signs of a
predatory loan.

Quill urged county residents to call his office or the Miami Valley Fair Housing
Center*if they have concerns about predatory lending.

Jim McCarthy, president of the center, encouraged property owners to call his
office or visit the center's Web site for information. The center, he said, can
not only help educate people about predatory lending but can also help folks who
have been victimized.

"Be wary of anyone who would contact you offering assistance with your
mortgage," McCarthy said. "The bottom line is ... if it sounds too good to be
true, it probably is."

The Rev. Robert Baines, president of the Dayton NAACP, said his organization
also is getting involved in the battle against predatory lending, because the
African-American community has been "disproportionately affected, some would say
five times as likely" to be targeted by unscrupulous lenders and loan brokers.
He urged other black community organizations, churches and mosques to join the
fight.

The NAACP, Baines said, will help with community outreach and lobby the state
legislature for changes in law.

"If we can fix the system," Baines said, "we can resist victimization not by
just educating the targeted people, but by preventing predatory lenders from
coming into our community in the first place."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DEBTS COMPOUND WOES;
COLLECTING UNPAID ACCOUNTS COULD REMEDY BUDGET DEFICIT

BYLINE: By Sylvia Cooper Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 880 words


City of Augusta department heads have been ordered to cut their budgets 15
percent, layoffs are inevitable, a property-tax increase is certain, as is more
borrowing from emergency reserves - all to plug a $5 million deficit in this
year's budget.

Some of those measures would not be necessary, however, if the city could
collect its share of the $6.83 million in overdue property taxes from 1998
through last year, a sum that doesn't include a one-time 10 percent penalty and
annual 12 percent interest compounded. Throw in $821,868 in unpaid garbage fees
and $138,044 in delinquent business license fees, and employees would be assured
of getting to keep all of the 8 percent raises commissioners gave them last
year.

And that's without mentioning the millions in uncollected court fees and fines,
such as the more than $8 million from misdemeanor cases in Augusta since 1998
and $2.4 million still unpaid before that year. The uncollected total from
felony cases was not available from the state Department of Corrections last
week.

When Augusta-Richmond County sends out property tax bills, the city gets about
40 percent, the school board gets about 59 percent and the state gets a tiny
share, about 0.75 percent of every dollar assessed, said Jack McAdams, the chief
financial officer for the Richmond County Tax Commission.

The long-term solution of cracking down on delinquent accounts once trumpeted by
former Mayor Bob Young would seem to be the simplest, but commissioners have
never shown much enthusiasm for such activity. Mr. Young's effort was not a
stunning success, and since his departure, such an effort had no champion.

Enter City Commissioner Joe Bowles.

Mr. Bowles, elected late last year, said he started looking around for money to
remedy the budget deficit.

"I'd like to see us turn it over to a collection agency," he said. "I definitely
think the city needs to address the situation of $7 million in uncollected
taxes. It would be beneficial to the city and school board."

However, Tax Commissioner Jerry Saul would have to approve such a move, Mr.
Bowles said, which is why he wants commissioners to meet with Mr. Saul.

"I think it's worth the commission exploring any possibility of collecting
revenue," Mr. Bowles said.

Some commissioners say measures to collect would hurt the poor, but there are
procedures for not doing that, Mr. Bowles said.

"There are just ways you can go around and not hurt seniors on a fixed income,"
he said.

Currently the tax commission places liens on property with delinquent taxes and
takes legal steps to seize and sell those with the largest balances and
multiple-year delinquencies, said North Williamson, the delinquent tax
commissioner.

About 1 percent of delinquent taxes are not collectable because the debtors have
gone bankrupt or left town with all their assets.

Last month, Augusta mayoral candidate Steven Kendrick proposed a one-time
property tax amnesty aimed at collecting delinquent taxes. During the 30- to
60-day amnesty, penalties and interest on delinquent accounts would be waived to
encourage people to pay up.

Mr. Williamson doesn't think that would work.

"If they didn't pay before there was a penalty and interest, what makes him
think they would pay now?" he asked.

In addition to past-due taxes and fees that directly affect the city's general
fund, utility bills delinquent more than 90 days total $388,164 and overdue
landfill fees $277,440.

Those departments operate as "enterprise funds," which means they operate as
businesses do and should be self-supporting, which the utility department is.
But when deficits occur in them, cash from the general fund must be used to fund
the department's cash-flow needs.

Because of annual 11 percent increases in water and sewer bills since 2001,
utility finances are in good shape, the danger there being that Augusta
commissioners might be tempted to tap into those funds to help pay for
government operations, as was done in the old city of Augusta before
consolidation.

The city's revenue bond documents prohibit such transfers, but they probably
would not be illegal, only detrimental to the city's reputation with bond-rating
agencies, according to Steve Little, the utility department's assistant director
of finance and administration.

The city's garbage collection fund is a different story. In the 2004 city audit,
Cherry Bekaert & Holland noted an accumulated deficit in the fund that had
increased about $1 million per year for two years, causing the general fund to
advance more than $1 million of its pooled cash balance to fund garbage
collection, bringing the total borrowed from the general fund to about $1.7
million. Last year, the deficit grew by another $1 million.

The auditors recommended that management review the garbage collection fund and
change its operations to address the increasing deficit and resolve the existing
accumulated deficit. Solid Waste Director Mark Johnson said the main reason for
the deficit is that fees were not increased the five years of operation although
hauler contract costs went up.

City Administrator Fred Russell favors almost any plan for raising money that
commissioners approve because they have given him the burden of finding $5
million.

Reach Sylvia Cooper at (706) 823-3228

or sylvia.cooper@augustachronicle.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  MICAHEL HOLAHAN/STAFF Delinquent accounts can be paid at the Richmond
County Tax Commissioner's office at the Greene Street Municipal Building.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Tribune (Seymour, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday

Tax sale nets $1.7 million

BYLINE: Aubrey Woods, The Tribune, Seymour, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 568 words


Oct. 13--The county's annual delinquent property tax sale conducted Oct. 6
netted more than $1.7 million from owners and buyers.

"Tax sales are a necessary function of county government," Jackson County
Treasurer Kathy Hohenstreiter said of the sale.

Hohenstreiter, who conducted the sale along with county Auditor Debbie Eggeman,
said it is only fair to the people who pay their property taxes every year to
pursue those who do not pay.

She said before the sale was conducted, the owners of 509 parcels paid their
delinquencies, penalties and costs in full and were able to keep their
properties. That allowed the county to collect $1,606,697.56 in delinquent
taxes.

That money will be distributed to local taxing units, including schools,
libraries, municipalities and the county, during the second property tax
distribution in December.

Property may be sold at the property tax sale to satisfy the tax obligation and
is sold to the highest bidder.

The former owners of property sold at the sale have one year after the sale to
redeem the delinquent property taxes and costs and penalties to keep their
property. They also must pay 10 percent of the delinquent property taxes to
redeem the property.

"If those people do not come and redeem the property, the new owners get to keep
the property," Hohenstreiter said.

SRI Inc. of Indianapolis conducted the sale of 139 parcels, which were offered
to 35 bidders.

Seventy of those properties did not sell. The 69 that did brought in another
$107,954.09 in back taxes.

County commissioners will acquire liens on the 70 properties that did not sell
during the delinquent property tax sale and may offer those properties to the
public at a sale at a later date.

The county charges a $25 fee for its costs to hold the sale, and SRI Inc. also
charges a fee, Hohenstreiter said.

The state requires each of the 92 counties to hold a property tax sale for those
properties where an owner has failed to pay property taxes from the prior year's
first installment. There was no  property tax sale in 2009 in Jackson County
because there was just one property tax bill deadline late in the year because
of delays in reassessment, Hohenstreiter said.

Eggeman said in a press release that the ultimate goal is to return these
properties to the tax rolls as quickly and efficiently as possible.

"Property owned by people that pay their property taxes ensure our local
government services are fully funded," Eggeman said.

How to pay

Second installments of property taxes are due Nov. 10

Taxes may be paid in person at the Jackson County treasurer's office at the
courthouse in Brownstown.

Taxpayers may also pay at The Peoples Bank branches in Brownstown, Crothersville
and Seymour as well as State Bank of Medora or online at www.jackson-tax.net.

Homeowners are also reminded to send in the pink homestead verification form to
the Jackson County auditor's office. The form was included with this year's
property tax bills and must be returned by Jan. 1, 2013.

To see more of The Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribtown.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tribune, Seymour, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101013-TS-Tax-sale-nets-1.7-million-1013-20101013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TS


                           Copyright 2010 The Tribune


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 11, 2009 Friday

Tax-delinquent York County firms owe $262,000

BYLINE: CHRISTINA KAUFFMAN The York Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 403 words


Six York County businesses are on a list of 244 delinquent taxpayers released by
the state Thursday.

The six local firms owe more than $262,000 in employer-withheld taxes and sales
taxes, said Department of Revenue spokeswoman Stephanie Weyant.

She said the state publishes the list to "shame" businesses, which have had
multiple opportunities to pay the taxes before being placed on the list.

There are at least 23 other states that use the same tactic to collect on the
delinquencies, she said.

"It has been successful," she said. "Since 2006 we've collected $110 million
attributed to the list. ... It's sort of that public embarrassment factor."

Since September, the last time the state has updated the list, 14 businesses
were removed but another 32 were added, she said.

York businesses: American Sign Co., 402 N. Queen St., had the largest delinquent
bill in York County, $99,048.31.

Guru Inc., which does business as Domino's Pizza at 2825 Carlisle Road in Dover,
owes $67,868.25.

First Capital Pizza Inc., which operates Domino's franchises in Red Lion and
York, owes $60,835.29.

B&T Towing & Auto Repair Inc. at 2530 Delta Road in Chanceford Township is
$16,875.55 delinquent.

Factory Direct Windows, 225 Pauline Drive in York Township, owes $9,469.09.

Imports Plus Auto, 10 Wintergreen Lane in Lower Windsor Township, made the list
for $8,736.99.

Business owners could not be reached for comment.

Weyant said she couldn't speculate on why the businesses haven't paid the taxes;
some of the taxes were withheld from employee paychecks.

The businesses on the list are contacted multiple times and exhausted all of the
state's collection efforts before being placed on the list, she said.

The information on their delinquency became public because the state has placed
liens against them, she said.

Statewide: The 244 businesses on the list statewide owe more than $8 million,
said Revenue Secretary Stephen Stetler.

"These businesses collected taxes from their customers and employees but failed
to send the money to the Commonwealth," Stetler said. "I encourage
taxpayers to visit the department's Web site ... to see the list of delinquent
businesses."

The Web site is www.revenue.state.pa.us. Click on "Hot Topics," and "Tax
Delinquent List."

Delinquent taxpayers who appear on the list should contact the Revenue
Department to make payment arrangements, he said.

--Reach Christina Kauffman at 505-5436 or ckauffman@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            March 27, 2014, Thursday

Delinquent taxpayer pays Kanawha County

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 374 words


Kanawha County tax officials just reached a settlement with the county's biggest
delinquent business taxpayer. And all it took was a lawsuit.

Allen Bleigh, Kanawha County chief tax deputy, said owners of Keystone
Industries agreed to pay their outstanding taxes after the county hired outside
lawyers to take the company to court. Keystone Industries, which operates coal
mines in the county, owed the county more than $398,000 in back taxes, Bleigh
said.

"This accounted for a large percentage of the money that was out there that's
collectible," Bleigh said.

For the past several years, Kanawha County Commission President Kent Carper has
been pushing county tax officials to crack down on businesses and other property
owners who owe back taxes. Tax officials sent out a barrage of threatening
letters, and recently decided to hire outside lawyers to take delinquent
taxpayers to court.

Bleigh said Keystone Industries did not respond to previous attempts to collect
back taxes. But company officials agreed to pay up once the county took them to
court. With interest and penalties, the company will pay the county about
$408,000, Bleigh said.

Headquartered in Fort Myers, Fla., Keystone Industries has coal production
facilities in Bulgaria, Canada, China, Colombia and Korea and operates coal
terminals in Jacksonville, Florida and Ironton, Ohio, according to the company's
website.

Locally, Keystone Industries operates Keystone Development in Marmet. According
to the company's website, Keystone Development has 6,000 acres of coal reserves
in Kanawha County, and has been in production since 2001.

Bleigh said Keystone was the biggest delinquent taxpayer in the county.

Tax officials are taking two other business to court, one owing about $55,000 in
back taxes and the other owing about $15,000.

Kanawha County still has about $9.5 million in unpaid tax tickets. Bleigh said
some of that money cannot be recovered because owners have gone out of business
or declared bankruptcy.

"We've gone after some of the larger ones," Bleigh said. "Now we're going to go
after some of the smaller tax tickets."

More than half of the unpaid tax tickets still out there are for less than $50,
he said.

Reach Rusty Marks

at rustymarks@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1215.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Tennessee: PAYMENT OF DELIQUENT CITY TAXES

LENGTH: 148  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: City of Clarksville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following
news release:



  As of March 29, 2016 the City of Clarksville contracted with Austin Peay VII
to serve as the City's Delinquent Tax Attorney. The 2014 delinquent City taxes
can be paid at the City Tax Office located on the first floor of City Hall, 1
Public Square in Clarksville. A 10% attorney fee will be added to the 2014 tax
bill base at the time of payment.





 Real property taxes prior to the 2014 tax year, are payable at the Montgomery
County Trustee's Office. Delinquent personal property taxes, regardless of tax
year, are still due and payable at the City's Tax Office.



 If you have any questions regarding delinquent City taxes, please contact the
Revenue Office at 931-645-7436.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

40 properties with delinquent utility bills still have water

BYLINE: Aly Van Dyke.

aly.vandyke@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 547 words


None of the 40 properties delinquent on their Topeka utility bills by $500 or
more had its water shut off as of Wednesday.

The list provided Monday by the city included two industrial properties, 14
commercial properties and 24 residential properties. It reflected properties
that, as of Nov. 28, owed at least $500 with bills past due by 41 days or more.

The list includes Heartland Park Topeka, which owed $44,645.11; two locations of
Hill's Pet Nutrition Inc. at 320 N.E. Crane, which owed $8,796.54; and four
properties owned by bankrupt developer Kent Lindemuth, which owed a total of
$12,962.12.

"There are occasions when a commercial account is struggling and, like
residential customers, we work with them in a manner that is beneficial for
everyone to get the bills paid current," said financial and administrative
services director Doug Gerber.

In the case of Heartland Park, he said, "it's not the city's best interest to
shut off the utility" before its pending deal to purchase the racetrack with new
Sales Tax Revenue bonds is settled.

"It would make it more difficult to sell and to start up a new operation,"
Gerber said.

He noted Hill's Pet Nutrition on Nov. 21 mailed full payment for its delinquent
bills. This delinquency, Gerber said, was the result of "a number of factors,"
including staffing issues at the facility and the Thanksgiving break at the
city.

"It's an anomaly that Hills appeared on our list," he said. "They have a great
payment history."

Gerber said the city gives a courtesy call to commercial customers about
delinquent accounts. This typically resolves the issue, he said, citing
information from the city's billing department.

"A lot of the commercial/industrial properties in town do not pay their own
bills, they are actually paid through their corporate offices, which can be
located elsewhere," he said. "This gives them an opportunity to make contact
with their accounts payable departments and expedite payment."

However, Topeka doesn't send out separate delinquent notices. It instead
highlights the amount owed on the monthly utility bills, according to an email
from the city.

Utility bills become delinquent 21 days after the billing date. After another 20
days, the account becomes eligible for shut-off - though that typically doesn't
happen for at least another week. Accounts owing $60 or less aren't shut off.

That means water typically is shut off after 48 days of delinquent payments.
Records provided to The Topeka Capital-Journal show delinquencies ranging from
41 days to 120 days, excluding Heartland Park. The racetrack last paid its water
and street utility bills on Aug. 7, 2013.

"There are various reasons we don't shut off accounts immediately, for both
residential and commercial customers," Gerber said. "In general, the city tries
to work with the customer to set payment plans for overdue bills."

Collecting delinquent utility bills also can be complicated with bankruptcies,
he said, which typically place a hold on creditors from taking any action to
collect the debt.

The city redacted 15 "individually identifiable residential customers" as an
exemption under state statute. The properties ranged from a couple of $50,000
homes in the Montara subdivision to two properties valued at more than $200,000
in southwest Topeka.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

Scranton Redevelopment Authority default puts city on hook for $1.56 million

BYLINE: Josh Mrozinski, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 484 words


May 25--The Scranton Redevelopment Authority has defaulted on a line-of-credit
loan related to the collection of delinquent real estate taxes, and a bank is
demanding the city make a payment of more than $1.56 million.

City council discussed the issue at its meeting on Tuesday.

"The city has been declared in default, and now they (Pennstar Bank) have made
full demand on the city," said Boyd Hughes, council solicitor.

The city is responsible for the default because it guarantees the authority's
debt, Mr. Hughes said.

In a May 19 letter, law firm Rhoads & Sinon LLP said the authority is in default
relative to a sale agreement between the city and the authority for delinquent
tax claims for years 2004, 2005 and 2006.

The authority, which used a loan from Pennstar Bank to buy the delinquent taxes
from the city, subsequently contracted with Commonwealth Financial Systems to
have the delinquent taxes collected.

The letter says Pennstar Bank demands the city repurchase unredeemed tax claims,
which were valued at $1.56 million, plus interest at the default rate of $227.56
per day through the payment date. Payment is expected on or before June 18.

Council Finance Chairman Frank Joyce said he would like to have a public meeting
with the administration about the city's financial issues.

Efforts to reach Mayor Chris Doherty and Business Administrator Ryan McGowan
after the meeting were unsuccessful.

William Lazor, chairman of the redevelopment authority's board, said the
delinquent taxes will have to be pursued and applied to the loan.

Also Tuesday night, council unanimously overrode Mr. Doherty's rescinding last
week of his signature on legislation on a contract with insurance broker Knowles
Associates LLC.

Mr. Hughes said the mayor effectively vetoed the legislation last week when he
crossed out a signature he made on the legislation about four months ago after
it was passed by council in January.

In other business Tuesday, council introduced legislation for:

--Three-year lease agreements with various Little League organizations for their
use of the Weston Park Little League Field.

--A contract with Northeast Revenue Services LLC and Caverly, Shea, Phillips and
Rodgers LLC to collect delinquent real estate taxes for 2004 through 2008.

--Appointment of Wayne Hiller to the Scranton Parking Authority.

--Appointment of Arianne Slocum to the civil service commission.

--Appointment of Carol Oleski to the Scranton Municipal Recreation Authority.

--Appointment of Joseph Murphy to the planning commission.

Contact the writer: jmrozinski@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune, Scranton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110525-YT-Scranton-Redevelopment-Authority-default-puts-city-on-hook-for-1.56-
million-0525-20110525

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            March 14, 2009 Saturday

Tardy payers of tax targets

BYLINE: Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 638 words


Two locals among 225 on state's list By RICHARD FELLINGER

Staff Writer

HARRISBURG -- At a time when every dollar of state revenue counts, officials are
trying to track down nearly $6.6 million in delinquent taxes from more than 200
businesses in Pennsylvania.

The Department of Revenue recently updated its tax-delinquent list, which shows
225 businesses that failed to pay certain taxes to the state. Each business
either collected sales taxes from its customers or withholding taxes from its
employees, or both.

Two Lebanon County businesses are among the delinquent taxpayers: Ye Olde Bake
Oven in Myerstown, listed for owing $41,985; and Whitaker Cleaning Systems in
Lebanon, owing $23,173.

Businesses owing the state the most are Crisman Harwood Flooring of Pottstown,
which was listed for owing $175,032; New Jersey-based Sequel Solutions Plus,
owing $161,265; and K&D Jewelers of Bethlehem, owing $139,460.

Whitaker Cleaning Systems is among 38 businesses added to the list in the last
week, while Ye Olde Bake Oven has been on the list since December, said Revenue
Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Brassell.

Co-owners of both local businesses say the troubled economy has hurt their
finances. Linda Brown of Ye Olde Bake Oven said her company has been paying what
it can on the $41,985 bill.

"We got behind, and the economy is bad," she said.

Businesses can come off the list by setting up a formal payment plan, but not if
they make random payments without paying it in full, said Brassell.

Karen Whitaker of Whitaker Cleaning Systems said she wants to pay her delinquent
tax bill and has been trying. She said the business had been on a payment plan
to stay off the list but was unable to keep up all the payments.

While $6.6 million is a small fraction of the state's $28 billion budget, the
delinquent taxes serve as a reminder that the state is scraping to get through
this year. Gov. Ed Rendell has estimated a $2.3 billion budget shortfall this
year and has cut programs and frozen most state hiring to help cover it.

And while the budget crisis developed in recent months, the list is not new.
State officials created it in 2006, hoping the publicity and accompanying court
action would pressure businesses into paying up.

State officials file a lien against each business in county court, which
essentially freezes its finances and ensures the state gets paid if the business
is sold.

And the state promotes the list. When the updated list was released last week,
Revenue's acting secretary, Stephen Stetler, encouraged people to check it out
on the department's Web site at http://www.revenue.state.pa.us .

The bad publicity hurts the cleaning business even more, Whitaker said.

"This is just making it worse for businesses," she said. "Businesses are
struggling now. I'm just mortified over this whole thing."

Brassell said revenue officials who track down the late taxes are doing a job
for the benefit of all taxpayers, and businesses that pay their taxes shouldn't
have to carry the burden for those that don't.

"It's really a matter of tax fairness as well," she said.

State officials give delinquent businesses several chances to pay up, Brassell
said. Revenue officials contact each business several times and also offer them
the payment plan to catch up.

Often, just the threat of being put on the list encourages business owners to
pay, Brassell said. Since the list was started, delinquent businesses have paid
$87 million and started payment plans for an additional $20.7 million after
being threatened with the list.

Yet collecting from some businesses can be difficult because some go out of
business.

Among them is Smokey Joes Barbeque Grille in York, which closed last summer and
was listed for owing $24,474. A message left at a forwarding phone number for
owner Joseph Whitehead was not returned.

StateBureau@LDNews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Rhode Island: AN ACT RELATING TO DELINQUENT AND DEPENDENT CHILDREN - PROCEEDINGS
IN FAMILY COURT (Limits the temporary detention at, or commitment to, the
training school of a juvenile twelve (12) years of age or younger to situations
in which that juvenile has been charged with or found delinquent of committing
an offense involving murder.)

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Providence: Office of Legislative Information, The state of Rhode Island has
issued the following Bill Status in House:





  AN ACT RELATING TO DELINQUENT AND DEPENDENT CHILDREN - PROCEEDINGS IN FAMILY
COURT (Limits the temporary detention at, or commitment to, the training school
of a juvenile twelve (12) years of age or younger to situations in which that
juvenile has been charged with or found delinquent of committing an offense
involving murder.)

 {LC1913/A/1}

 02/26/2015 Introduced, referred to House Judiciary

 03/27/2015 Scheduled for hearing and/or consideration (03/31/2015)

 03/31/2015 Committee recommended measure be held for further study

 04/10/2015 Scheduled for consideration

 04/15/2015 Committee postponed at request of sponsor (04/15/2015)

 06/05/2015 Scheduled for consideration (06/09/2015)

 06/09/2015 Committee recommends passage of Sub A

 06/09/2015 Placed on House Calendar (06/11/2015)

 06/11/2015 House passed Sub A

 06/11/2015 Referred to Senate Judiciary

 06/19/2015 Scheduled for hearing and/or consideration (06/23/2015)

 06/23/2015 Committee recommends passage of Sub A in concurrence



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 30, 2010 Saturday

Tax shortfall may force borrowing

BYLINE: Sheri McWhirter, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 724 words


Jan. 30--TRAVERSE CITY -- Large, idled and tax-delinquent developments in Grand
Traverse County caused a sharp spike in projected foreclosures and may lead
county officials to borrow millions to cover unpaid taxes.

Michigan's ongoing recession halted a number of developments around the county
and caused a ripple effect in both the construction industry and tax payments to
cities, townships and the county.

The county annually settles delinquent taxes with smaller municipalities, but
this year doesn't have the cash to do so without a loan, a figure that could
reach $6 million, said William Rokos, county treasurer.

It's a sign of lousy economic times, he said, and others agree.

"Suddenly, the building activity has slowed down tremendously," said Robert
Whims, president of the Home Builders Association for Grand Traverse Area.

Developers are struggling to secure construction loans, and housing demand has
plummeted. That leaves developers holding vast tracts with slim chances for a
quick return on their investments.

"Their property still has value and will have value, but they're just trying to
keep the lowest financial profile they can until the storm is over. Hopefully
that will be soon," Whims said.

Cash-strapped developers frequently put their tax debt on the back-burner,
boosting the delinquent taxes load on the county's books, Rokos said.

"A lot of it is these developments that have been started, but stalled and they
don't have the cash flow to pay taxes on time," Rokos said.

Most do eventually pay, but it's believed more may not do so this year. And more
homeowners also are paying later, but delinquent taxes on static development
sites account for a much greater total, Rokos said.

"It's a question of management of cash flow," said local developer Gene LaFave.
"In this cycle, cash is scarce. There are little ways to generate cash from
property sales. If you can't get money to build, nobody can get money to buy. So
most of your money is sitting in assets that are not liquid."

LaFave said his taxes are paid, but it's tougher to stay current in today's
economic climate.

Local developer Thom Darga said paying taxes late is a survival tactic for some
developers, a ploy he hasn't used.

"It's a bridge. Until you're in a position for some recovery from a sale, it's a
way to save cash," Darga said. "In the development business right now, cash flow
makes the situation a little more stable."

Rokos projects between 18 and 200 parcels will be foreclosed this year, a
dramatic hike over last year's 15 foreclosed properties. At the end of 2009,
delinquent properties jumped to 427, up from 225 such properties at the end of
2008, according to county records.

Additionally, delinquent 2007 taxes totaled about $1.2 million by the end of
2009, an increase over about $404,000 in delinquent 2006 base taxes at the end
of 2008. And more tax debt builds each year.

"We haven't borrowed to buy up the delinquent taxes since 1991," Rokos said.
"It's not the end of the world, but it's a trend. We may have to borrow money."

LochenHeath 18-hole golf and housing development in Acme Township owes the most
in delinquent 2007 taxes -- about $640,000 -- and its 121 parcels will be
foreclosed in April if those bills aren't paid, Rokos said.

The county awaits about $4.6 million in outstanding 2008 taxes, as well. If not
paid, those properties face foreclosure next year.

Local developer Bill Clous is among those who owe the most in late 2008 taxes.
Clous' Traverse City-based Eastwood Custom Homes builds middle-class and upscale
houses across the region. His company repeatedly has been cited for
environmental violations related to illegal wetlands bulldozing.

County records show Clous and Eastwood Custom Homes collectively owe about
$50,000 in late 2008 taxes. The properties will be lost to foreclosure, should
those taxes not be paid by the end of March next year.

Clous did not return a call seeking comment.

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100130-ZK-Tax-shortfall-may-force-borrowing-0130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                                 Copyright 2010


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mortgage delinquencies to stay high through next year;
Hardest-hit states will show best improvement

BYLINE: Julie Schmit, @JulieSchmidt, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 445 words


Here's some good news on home loan delinquencies.

If not for all the homeowners who haven't paid their mortgages in more than a
year, the  home loan delinquency rate would be only slightly higher than normal,
new research by credit monitor TransUnion shows.

The delinquency rate would fall to about 2.5%, down from more than 5%, if those
borrowers were taken out of the equation, says Tim Martin, TransUnion vice
president.

Prior to the foreclosure crisis and housing bust, the normal mortgage
delinquency rate was about 1.5% to 2%, TransUnion says. The company expects the
delinquency rate, which looks at borrowers 60 or more days past due, to finish
this year at 5.32% and to drop  slightly to 5.06% by the end of next year.

The nation's higher-than-normal mortgage loan delinquency rate is not driven by
new loans. "It's a lot of folks  who've been delinquent for a really long time,"
Martin says.

Before the recession, it was unusual for a borrower to go more than 180 days
without either  fixing their situation or going through the foreclosure process,
TransUnion says.

As of the end of October, homes that went through a foreclosure sale were
delinquent an average 728 days, mortgage tracker Lender Processing Services
says. That was up from 497 days two years earlier.

If the pace of improvement in curing delinquent loans doesn't pick up, national
home loan delinquency rates will take another four years to get back to
"normal," TransUnion says.

More than 80% of the nation's currently delinquent home loans originated before
2008, TransUnion's data show. The pre-2008 loans make up 54% of all mortgages,
it says.

TransUnion predicts the biggest declines in mortgage delinquency rates next year
will occur in several states that were hit hardest by foreclosures. Nevada will
see a 19% drop. California and Arizona will post 12% declines.

In all of those states, foreclosures don't go through the courts, so they can
occur more rapidly than they typically do in states where foreclosures do go
through the courts.

Thirteen states will see mortgage delinquency rates rise next year, TransUnion
says.

They are largely states that have lower delinquency rates now, Trans-Union says,
and include North Dakota, South Dakota and Nebraska.

Despite  increases, those three states will end next year with the lowest
delinquency rates in the nation, TransUnion predicts.

North Dakota will be at 1.5% of home loans being 60 or more days late. Nebraska
and South Dakota will come in at about 2.3%.

Florida will have the highest delinquency rate at almost 12%, followed by Nevada
at slightly more than 8%.

The national mortgage delinquency rate peaked in the fourth quarter of 2009 at
6.89%.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                              May 12, 2009 Tuesday

Bear Hunting For $3B In Taxes;
 Lititz Republican Says State Can Gain By Trading Penalties For Payments.
Department Of Revenue Disagrees.

BYLINE: Jack Brubaker

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 654  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Pennsylvanians owe more than $3 billion in delinquent taxes.

The state is looking at a budget deficit this year approaching a similar number.

State Rep. John Bear, a Republican from Lititz, has rubbed those two facts
together and come up with a partial solution to the deficit dilemma.

He wants to create a tax amnesty program to encourage debtors to fork over some
of the outstanding debt.

The state Department of Revenue, however, opposes tax amnesty because it would
raise too little money and would encourage future delinquencies.

But Bear is determined.

"Pennsylvania has always been deficient in this area of revenue collection,''
Bear says. "We need to improve in the long term and short term.''

Long term, the state needs to upgrade its computer system and personnel in the
Department of Revenue, Bear says. The department agrees with that and has begun
to change.

Short term, Bear believes, Pennsylvania needs to provide a limited tax amnesty
program similar to the one that raised $93 million during the Ridge
administration in 1995-96.

Bear plans to sponsor a bill calling for these initiatives. He is circulating a
memo about the bill this week. House Republican Minority Leader Sam Smith and
Policy Chairman Stan Saylor have signed onto it.

The bill will become part of the GOP House caucus' stimulus package, Bear says,
but he hopes for bipartisan support.

The bill will not have the backing of Stephen H. Stetler, secretary of the
Department of Revenue.

Although the last amnesty program raised nearly $100 million, says department
spokeswoman Stephanie Weyant, the Ridge administration issued a report afterward
saying the program should not be repeated.

The department spent $10 million administering the program, Weyant says, and
found that collections of delinquent taxes fell by nearly $63 million during the
next two years.

While the program raised a few million dollars short term, she says, experience
in other states shows that delinquent taxpayers simply wait for the next amnesty
program and the state loses more money.

"Amnesty creates a behavior that is not conducive to the next tax collection,''
Weyant says.

But Bear counters that the 97 percent of Pennsylvanians who do pay their taxes
on time are footing the bill for the delinquents and that's not fair.

"If I were a taxpayer, I would want these people to pay so that my taxes
wouldn't go up,'' he says.

The Department of Revenue estimates that about half of the outstanding $3
billion is collectible. The rest can't be collected because of bankruptcies,
deep indebtedness and other factors, according to the department.

Bear's plan, patterned on the Ridge administration's program, would establish a
tax amnesty period of 90 days during the 2009-10 fiscal year.

In exchange for eliminating all penalties for delinquent taxes, late payers
would have to pay all taxes and interest.

Only delinquent taxes prior to Dec. 31, 2006, would qualify.

Delinquent taxpayers who do not participate in the program would have an
additional 15 percent nonparticipation penalty added to their totals.

The other part of Bear's bill deals with Revenue's outdated and inefficient
computer system.

"The system is not integrated,'' says Bear, who served as a public sector
management consultant for a decade. "One system deals with corporate taxes,
another with personal income taxes. People are assigned to different systems.
There's no big picture.''

The Department of Revenue has begun planning for a massive overhaul of the
department. The department requested $21 million for the work this year and
similar amounts over the next four years.

The Senate eliminated $16 million from this year's Department of Revenue budget,
which Bear wants the House to fund and recommend again to the Senate.

"All told, this (overhaul) will cost taxpayers approximately $120 million over
five years,'' Bear says, "but the return on investment will more than pay for
this investment several times over.''

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bear

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

County issues $6.1M to cover delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Alex Doty, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 336 words


April 14--NORTHWEST OTTAWA COUNTY -- The Ottawa County Treasurer's Office has
completed the annual settlement of local government tax rolls.

Checks to local governments, school districts and special assessment districts
totaling more than $6.1 million for 3,991 delinquent properties across the
county were mailed Friday.

"More than $6 million seems like a lot, but the good news is that this continues
a multi-year trend where the amount of delinquent properties and dollar amounts
have continued to decrease," Slagh said.

Michigan law allows property taxes to be collected by local governments until
March 1. After that, the county treasurer must purchase any unpaid taxes from
each local government by paying the entire taxes owed so that schools, local
governments and authorities can continue to operate.

According to county officials, the funds to make these large payments are
accomplished through the Delinquent Tax Revolving Fund.

"The County Board of Commissioners had the foresight to establish the fund and
then maintain a sustainable balance in (the fund), so that as the treasurer
collects the delinquent taxes annually it replenishes these funds, making it
unnecessary to borrow to make the delinquent tax purchases," Slagh said.

Slagh noted that the program allows local taxing units to receive all of their
property tax revenues soon after settlement rather than having to wait until the
delinquent taxes get paid.

"Full payment of back taxes by property owners doesn't happen for months, or
even years in some cases," Slagh said.

After March 1, the responsibility of collecting delinquent taxes transfers to
the county treasurer.

If taxpayers are unable to pay property taxes at the end of three years, their
property is subject to tax foreclosure.

Read the complete story in today's print or e-edition of the Grand Haven
Tribune.

___ (c)2015 the Grand Haven Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) Visit the Grand Haven
Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) at www.grandhaventribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150414-NA-County-issues-6.1M-to-cover-delinquent-taxes-0414-20150414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                   Copyright 2015 Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                               December 22, 2009

Other states duplicate Indiana's tax-amnesty program;
Daniels has no plans to repeat program that recovered about $245 million from
delinquent payers in 2005

LENGTH: 691 words


Other states duplicate Indiana's tax-amnesty program Daniels has no plans to
repeat program that recovered about $245 million from delinquent payers in 2005

Turns out it's a pretty good time to be a tax cheat.

Desperate to bring in revenue in the middle of a recession, states across the
country are adopting tax-amnesty programs similar to one Indiana had three years
ago, offering to let people pay their past-due tax bills with little or no
penalties or interest.

"Something is better than nothing," said Dino DiCianno, executive director of
the Nevada Taxation Department.

DiCianno said Nevada gave up more than $14 million in penalties and interest to
collect nearly $41 million between July and October.

Oklahoma, like Nevada, generated about twice as much as it expected from its
offer of amnesty, raising $82 million through its 90-day Clean Slate program for
businesses and individuals.

New York has a program under way, and Connecticut and Massachusetts are drawing
up theirs. California debated one before rejecting it in favor of stiffer
penalties. Delaware's incoming governor campaigned on the idea. A similar
program is being considered for Louisiana when its lawmakers return in April.

Indiana held the only tax-amnesty period in its history for three months in
2005. The state gave individuals and businesses who owed back taxes a chance to
pay their state bills without penalties, interest or collection fees. The
program netted about $245 million.

Republican Gov. Mitch Daniels stressed at the time that the program was a
onetime grace period that would not be repeated. Daniels' spokeswoman Jane
Jankowski says his position on the issue hasn't changed. Some lawmakers never
liked the idea, and there hasn't been talk of another amnesty period.

State after state is facing a disastrous drop-off in tax revenue because of the
stock market collapse and the recession. Many states have already cut their
budgets and started laying off employees.

"Anything you can do to speed up cash flow is cheaper than your alternatives,
like borrowing," said Verenda Smith, spokeswoman for the Federation of Tax
Administrators.

When Indiana's amnesty period started, the state was owed about $1.3 billion. In
2006, Indiana was still owed more than $1 billion in delinquent taxes. But the
Department of Revenue has been working to bring those numbers down, agency
spokeswoman Stephanie McFarland said.

Last year, the state collected $13.3 billion in revenue and had $551 million
outstanding. Even as collections rose to $14 billion in 2008, the amount of
delinquent taxes fell to $533 million, McFarland said.

Many states are reluctant to offer amnesty, arguing that it rewards cheaters,
discourages honest taxpayers and poaches revenue the states will ultimately
collect - especially as they improve databases they use to catch delinquents.
They worry, too, that people will hold back on their taxes and simply wait for
the next amnesty.

"If the attitude is we're going to hand out get-out-of-jail-free cards, people's
attitudes can change," said Paul Warren of the California Legislative Analyst's
Office. "You can have a breakdown in compliance."

An Oklahoma City lawyer challenged his state's amnesty program all the way to
the state Supreme Court, arguing that the Oklahoma Constitution prohibits
forgiving a state debt. The court rejected his claim in a one-sentence ruling.

"It is a slap in the face to all law-abiding Oklahomans who pay their taxes as
required by law," said lawyer Jerry F. Fent.

New York, which has a $1.5 billion deficit, began a limited amnesty last January
that covers income, corporate and sales taxes. The state has collected $11
million so far and hopes to take in $30 million.

Connecticut Gov. Jodi Rell has warned that the state faces nearly $6 billion in
deficits over the next two fiscal years. The state is hoping to generate $40
million by instituting a 56-day tax amnesty program next spring.

It will let taxpayers pay their late state taxes without penalty, and with a
25-percent reduction in interest.

"States are trying to reach for every tool in the toolbox right now," said
Connecticut Senate President Pro Tem Don Williams.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

CREDIT CARD STATEMENTS

                            February 4, 1985, Monday

By CHARLES G. DALEY


Does a consumer have a cause of action against a creditor for violation of the
Truth-in-Lending Act by continuing to report the account as delinquent without
sending the consumer periodic statements once the account has been paid in full?

YES. Once the account has been paid in full, the creditor has an obligation to
send the consumer periodic statements if the creditor erroneously continues to
report the account as delinquent. (Saunders v. Ameritrust of Cincinnati, 587 F.
Supp. 896, Ohio, 1984.)

Ameritrust extended installment credit to Michael Saunders by issuing to him a
VISA credit card. When Mr. Saunders' account became delinquent in 1980,
Ameritrust instituted collection proceedings. Mr. Saunders agreed to abide by a
payment schedule until the summer of 1981. At that point, the bank brought suit
in an Ohio court to recover the balance of $272. In September 1981, Mr.
Saunders agreed to pay the balance and, as a result, the bank did not pursue its
lawsuit.

In April 1982, Mr. Saunders received a letter from the bank's lawyers stating
that his account had been paid in full. Nevertheless, the records of the
Cincinnati Credit Bureau showed that, as late as 1983, Mr. Saunders owed
Ameritrust $740 on his VISA account and that his last payment was in September
1980.

The essence of Mr. Saunders' suit against the bank was that the bank continued
to report his account as delinquent to the Credit Bureau, without sending him a
periodic statement. He asserted that under the Truth-in-Lending Act, the bank
was under a duty to send him periodic statements of his account, and that the
bank violated the act if it continued to erroneously report his account as
delinquent.

The bank denied that it had reported his account as delinquent. The bank
contended that even if it did continue to report his account as delinquent, it
had no obligation to send periodic statements once collection proceedings were
instituted. Without billing statements, no billing error could have occurred.
Finally, the bank claimed that since the bank did not receive notice of the
alleged billing error from Mr. Saunders, the Truth-in-Lending Act procedures did
not apply, and Mr. Saunders suit should be dismissed.

The court did not agree with the bank's contentions, but it recognized that once
the bank brought collection proceedings against Mr. Saunders, the bank was
relieved of its obligation to send billing statements. However, once Mr.
Saunders paid his account in full, the bank's duty to send periodic billing
statements began all over again. The failure to provide periodic statements is a
violation of the Truth-in-Lending Act.

Since Mr. Saunders was not aware of the bank's billing error in reporting the
account delinquent, he could not notify the bank of its error. The court ruled
that if Mr. Saunders could prove his allegations at a trial, the bank would be
liable for erroneously reporting his account as delinquent and for failing to
send Mr. Saunders periodic statements.

SECTION: WHAT'S YOUR ANSWER; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 500 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                          December 19, 2007 Wednesday
                                CAROLINA EDITION

County urges you to pay up

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B09

LENGTH: 289 words


The Warnings

Delinquent taxpayers in Columbia County likely will get their first warning this
week to settle their bills. County tax officials will drop "encouragement
letters" in the mail Thursday to those who have not paid their property taxes,
said Columbia County Tax Commissioner Kay Allen. Richmond County landowners
delinquent on their taxes won't receive notices until after the New Year,
Augusta Tax Commissioner Jerry Saul said.

Due Dates

Real and personal property taxes were due in Columbia and Richmond counties Nov.
15. Property taxes in Aiken County are not due until Jan. 15, an Aiken County
tax official said. Unpaid accounts won't be considered delinquent until March
16.

The Consequences

Residents of Columbia County who had not paid their property taxes by the due
date were assessed a 1 percent penalty fee, which is charged again each month of
nonpayment, Ms. Allen said.

If taxes still have not been paid by Feb. 15, the county will charge a one-time
10 percent penalty fee. Eventually, nonpayment of taxes could result in seizure
of property, which will be sold at auction, but that's rare, Ms. Allen said.
Richmond and Aiken counties also assess penalties for nonpayment of taxes.
Nonpayment also can have a negative effect on a person's credit rating, said
Richmond County Chief Deputy Tax Commissioner North Williamson.

The Delinquents

At the end of November, Augusta's tax commission had nearly 16,000 accounts
still unpaid for the 2007 tax year, Mr. Williamson said. A single delinquent
taxpayer can be responsible for several accounts, he said. Columbia County tax
officials will send out nearly 3,500 "encouragement letters" Thursday to anyone
delinquent on paying their property taxes.

- Compiled by Donnie Fetter

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                          December 19, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

County urges you to pay up

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 289 words


The Warnings

Delinquent taxpayers in Columbia County likely will get their first warning this
week to settle their bills. County tax officials will drop "encouragement
letters" in the mail Thursday to those who have not paid their property taxes,
said Columbia County Tax Commissioner Kay Allen. Richmond County landowners
delinquent on their taxes won't receive notices until after the New Year,
Augusta Tax Commissioner Jerry Saul said.

Due Dates

Real and personal property taxes were due in Columbia and Richmond counties Nov.
15. Property taxes in Aiken County are not due until Jan. 15, an Aiken County
tax official said. Unpaid accounts won't be considered delinquent until March
16.

The Consequences

Residents of Columbia County who had not paid their property taxes by the due
date were assessed a 1 percent penalty fee, which is charged again each month of
nonpayment, Ms. Allen said.

If taxes still have not been paid by Feb. 15, the county will charge a one-time
10 percent penalty fee. Eventually, nonpayment of taxes could result in seizure
of property, which will be sold at auction, but that's rare, Ms. Allen said.
Richmond and Aiken counties also assess penalties for nonpayment of taxes.
Nonpayment also can have a negative effect on a person's credit rating, said
Richmond County Chief Deputy Tax Commissioner North Williamson.

The Delinquents

At the end of November, Augusta's tax commission had nearly 16,000 accounts
still unpaid for the 2007 tax year, Mr. Williamson said. A single delinquent
taxpayer can be responsible for several accounts, he said. Columbia County tax
officials will send out nearly 3,500 "encouragement letters" Thursday to anyone
delinquent on paying their property taxes.

- Compiled by Donnie Fetter

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 8, 2006 Friday

Money from tax windfall to help schools;
Dayton officials say $3.8 million raised from the auction of 2,000 delinquent
tax liens will save up to 67 jobs.

BYLINE: By Scott Elliott Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 300 words


DAYTON - A $3.8 million windfall from delinquent taxes will save up to 67 jobs -
half of Dayton Public Schools layoffs planned for January.

The money comes from an auction of about 2,000 delinquent tax liens by
Montgomery County Treasurer Hugh Quill's office last month, which raised $6.8
million total.

"These funds will not do it all, but they will help us greatly," Superintendent
Percy Mack said Thursday.

Last year, Quill's office auctioned off 2,000 delinquent tax liens, bringing in
$9.1 million. Dayton schools got about $6 million of that money.

The sales target landowners with unpaid taxes. Companies, usually large banks,
buy the debt and can charge fees to the debtor during collection. The 2,000
liens were bundled together and the debt buyer was required to purchase all of
it.

Quill said the trick is to combine properties with a good likelihood of
collection with those that have a worse chance of paying off. One of the biggest
liens in this year's bundle was the downtown Arcade property, which owed
$250,000. About 65 percent of that bill was owed to the district.

The timing of the windfall was very good for the district, which in October
announced that a financial crisis would force cuts in January and a tax levy in
May. Meanwhile, the district is in talks with teachers, who rejected a contract
offer last month.

While the money has little impact overall on the bottom line for a district with
a $225 million budget, it can be very helpful when applied to the January cuts,
Mack said. "This opens some doors where we can look at how we can work with
people," he said. "We've got to keep our academic growth moving."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2485 or sellio tt@DaytonDailyNews.com.

? Scott Elliott blogs about kids, schools, teaching and learning
DaytonDailyNews.com/ getonthebus

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

N.Y. Governor to Back Three Local Financing Bills, Official Says

                            March 25, 1997, Tuesday

By Elizabeth Roy

DATELINE: ALBANY



New York Gov. George Pataki will push three bills aimed at helping local
governments improve their finances during this legislative session, an
administration official said Friday.

The three proposals would amend the state constitution to prohibit future
unfunded mandates, allow municipalities to securitize delinquent tax liens, and
allow distressed municipalities to finance deficits. Assistant chief budget
examiner Catherine H. Durand outlined the bills for participants in the state
Government Finance Officers Association's annual meeting.

A bill to amend the constitution to end unfunded mandates has been introduced in
the state Senate by Mary Lou Rath, R-Williamsville, chair of the house's
Committee on Local Governments.

The bill covering laws, executive orders, rules, and regulations would make
compliance with new unfunded mandates whose implementation costs exceed $20,000
voluntary for local governments. It is under consideration by the Senate
Judiciary Committee. The bill would exempt mandates that: are necessary for
compliance with federal law; are requested by a home rule message; apply equally
to governmental and nongovernmental entities; reapportion responsibilities
between political subdivisions; or arise from the governor's exercising of
emergency powers. A council would be established to handle appeals.

Supporters of ending unfunded mandates have pressured the administration to
"take a statutory approach" to ending them rather than attempting a
constitutional amendment, which requires passage by two consecutive two-year
legislative sessions before it can go before voters, Durand said.

But Pataki is committed to the constitutional approach because it would prevent
the Legislature from suspending the requirement at will. "There's no way to get
around it once it's in the constitution," she said.

The proposal to enable municipalities to securitize delinquent tax liens has
been sent to the Legislature but does not yet have a sponsor.

Under it, the securitization of delinquent tax liens - currently uneconomical
for small municipalities - would become cost-effective because it could be done
on a pooled basis.

"The sale of municipal tax liens is not new," Durand said, noting that New York
City securitized its delinquent liens last year. "But the concept of doing it on
a pooled basis is a brand new one."

The proposal would allow the state's Municipal Bond Bank Agency - an entity
created more than 20 years ago but which has seen little use - to buy delinquent
liens from municipalities with the proceeds of bond issues. The local
governments would at once receive a cash infusion and relinquish the
responsibility for collecting the delinquent payments to a collection agent.

When implemented in New York City and elsewhere, the securitization of
delinquent liens has led to better collection rates, delivering "a second,
recurring benefit," Durand said.

Pataki's third initiative, to be introduced in bill form "imminently," Durand
said, addresses how to prevent local governments from reaching advanced stages
of fiscal stress.

State Comptroller H. Carl McCall is also preparing to reintroduce a bill with
the same aim. He introduced the bill for the first time during the last
legislative session.

Pataki's and McCall's proposals contain many of the same provisions, including
an "early warning system" by which local governments would be monitored for
initial signs of fiscal stress, and a mechanism by which they could finance
deficits.

SECTION: THE REGIONS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 585 words

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 16, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Delinquent dad found, but not caught

BYLINE: Mimi Hall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 439 words


Just two days after his face appeared on ''wanted'' posters across the nation,
Gregory Lewis Morey - a delinquent dad on the run - was recognized by his
co-workers and a warrant is out for his arrest.

But authorities are worried he'll get away once more.

Morey was tipped off when his boss, who saw Morey's picture in Tuesday's USA
TODAY, suspended him from his job as a Salt Lake City restaurant manager. Now,
they say, the Arizona native may run again.

He's good at it.

In the 10 years since his 1981 divorce, Morey has moved in and out of half a
dozen states and changed his Social Security number four times to avoid paying $
600 a month in child support for his three children.

The total he owes: $ 74,100.

Morey and 21 other missing child-support evaders - behind more than $ 650,000 in
support - now are appearing on wanted posters in a new effort to find delinquent
parents.

Morey most recently moved to Utah, where he had been managing Fajita Willy's.

But then his boss saw his wanted poster pictured in the newspaper.

The boss, Stan Ashby, brought the paper to work and showed it to other shocked
employees. After a meeting, he confronted Morey, whom he described as being
upset.

''I was stunned,'' says co-worker Jeff Furse. ''I never would have guessed this.
He comes off as being real nice.''

Morey did not return calls.

Wednesday, the Arizona attorney general's office issued the arrest warrant. If
convicted on the three felony counts of non-support, Morey could face 5 1/2
years in prison and $ 450,000 in fines.

''There aren't a whole lot of absent parents who act as bad as this one,'' says
Jim Kidder of Utah's child support bureau.

Utah officials also learned that Morey changed a letter in his name, helping to
foil computer searches for him. On his Utah driver's license, his name is Grey
instead of Greg.

Officials from both states now say they're concerned that Morey will get away.

''We're going to have a hard time tracking this guy now that his boss has made
him aware,'' says Laura Begley of Arizona's child support office. ''If he flees,
we'll be starting from scratch again.''

Morey's ex-wife, Susan Aldrich of Phoenix, predicts if Morey takes off again, he
won't get far this time. Thanks to the posters, ''every woman who's owed child
support is looking for that man,'' she says.

Aldrich, who spent years on welfare after Morey's disappearance, says she's
especially hopeful this time because her son Greg, 14, has a tumor on his leg.
Aldrich is concerned her insurance won't cover the medical bills.

Her message to Morey: ''Don't run. Your son needs your support now.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, AP

CUTLINE: MOREY: Owes $ 74,100 in child support payments

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                              May 27, 2014 Tuesday
                                  WEB Edition

Delinquent property tax collection on the rise

BYLINE: BY MICHELE TRANQUILLI; Daily News Staff Writer tranqum@phillynews.com,
215-854-2348

SECTION: WEB; P-com News Politics; Pg. 999

LENGTH: 694 words


THE CITY of Philadelphia collected more than $45 million in back property taxes
in the first four months of the year and cut the number of tax-delinquent
properties by about 30,000 - a reduction of 25 percent from the previous year,
records show.

Revenue commissioner Clarena Tolson said the $45 million represents about half
the $91 million in delinquent property-tax revenue collected for all of last
year. It poured in from properties whose balances were eliminated through
payment or sheriff's sale, and through partial payments on outstanding bills,
she said.

"Once people realize the city has changed its approach to delinquency, they tend
to pay," Tolson said. She credits her department's collection success to "a
concerted and strategic effort to support the school district through aggressive
collection of taxes."

At the end of 2013, the city had 126,000 tax-delinquent properties, owing more
than $575 million in back taxes on file, according to records obtained by the
Daily News. By April 15, the number of delinquent properties - most of them
fewer than three years behind - had dropped by about 30,000, records show.

The largest tax debts cleared included $8 million collected through the
settlement of the former Foxwoods site, at 1499 S. Columbus Blvd., and just over
$900,000 paid by Penn Wynn Inc., owner of a large apartment complex at 2201 Bryn
Mawr Ave., which owed four years' worth of back taxes.

Penn Wynn paid up, Tolson said, after the city threatened to sell the property
at sheriff's sale to collect the debt.

"It's great they're able to really start collecting," said Jeff Goldman, of
South Philadelphia, co-founder of Scioli Turco, a nonprofit that rehabs derelict
properties in Philadelphia.

"The school district really needs ," he said, referring to a portion of the tax
revenue that will go to help fund city schools. "In other cities, if you don't
pay for two years, you've got to scramble. It's about time."

Tolson said part of the revenue department's more aggressive collection efforts
involve sending out bills for 2014 taxes, which were unpaid by the end of March.
Any account with an unpaid balance from 2013 had a lien placed on it on Jan. 1,
and was sent to a collection agency, she said.

For those who still refuse to pay, the city has any number of other tools at its
disposal.

The city has begun revoking commercial licenses for delinquent taxpayers and
pushing more properties to sheriff's sale.

In addition, the city can have delinquent properties placed with a third party
through a process known as sequestration. The third party would then collect
rents and turn them over to the city until the tax debt was paid in full. Since
the program started in October, the city has collected $4.9 million from about
350 accounts, Tolson said.

Meanwhile, Act 93, which went into effect this year, allows the city to place
liens on property owned by tax deadbeats outside Philadelphia County. So, if you
live in Bryn Mawr, but owe property taxes in Philly, watch out.

Tolson said her department is working with agencies around the state to develop
a process to initiate the liens. She said she hoped to start placing liens on
properties in the next few months.

For the average owner-occupied home that is behind on its taxes, Tolson noted
that the Revenue Department has been holding outreach meetings to make people
aware of payment programs that can reduce or eliminate interest and penalties.
Senior-citizen assistance programs are also available.

Otis Bullock Jr., executive director of Diversified Community Services, a
nonprofit social-services agency based in Point Breeze, said he worries that the
new policies will negatively affect residents.

"Many families in Point Breeze cannot afford to pay these increased taxes,
especially given these new aggressive policies and deadlines," he said.
"Diversified wants to ensure our Point Breeze residents receive the necessary
support during these troubled times."

But Mayer Krain, of Northeast Philadelphia, said he welcomed the city's more
aggressive collections efforts.

"It's a long time coming," he said. "It hurt a lot of people, not collecting on
a timely basis."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

OKC re-signs with company to collect bad utility debt

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 384  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - City Hall has renewed a contract with Credit Systems
International Inc. to collect delinquent utilities accounts worth millions of
dollars.

The $100,000 annual deal puts about four times that amount in city coffers,
Utilities Director Marsha Slaughter said. Although that's a significant
reclamation of lost revenue from water services, it's still just a drop in the
bucket.

Oklahoma City's utilities customer service division refers an average of 750
accounts per month to collection services. Delinquent accounts typically have an
average minimum past-due amount of $500 and are 100 days old. That's about
$375,000 per month, or $4.5 million per year.

The Arlington, Texas-based company has improved its margin of returns over the
last four years, Slaughter said, although no figures were immediately available
for publication. CSI has a good history of customer service, working out
solutions without being aggressive, she said; the Better Business Bureau of
Texas gives the company an A-plus rating.

Company officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.

The number of delinquent accounts has not risen, even as Oklahoma has fallen
into a difficult economy because of oil prices, she said.

The department's ultimate goal is to reduce delinquent accounts so that
collections are unnecessary. To that end, new electronic payment options such as
smartphone apps and text reminders will be introduced in the next fiscal year,
Slaughter said.

"We're trying to give our customers more choices," she said. "By the time they
reach delinquency, cases tend to be somewhat complicated, such as bankruptcies.
... There's no perfect resolution for bad debt. It would be better to improve
customer service before that point. But if uncollected debt is allowed to rise,
it ends up hurting everyone else as well. "

City staff members were directed to tighten operations in the face of a smaller
budget overall for fiscal year 2016-2017 compared with the fiscal year that ends
with June. The City Council on Tuesday approved that $1.26 billion budget. The
general fund, which pays for most day-to-day operations at the city, was down
4.9 percent at $414.2 million.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 1, 2014 Saturday

BRIEF: Erie City Council to start 'brainstorming' solutions for delinquent trash
fees

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 205 words


Feb. 01--Erie City Council has promised to aggressively tackle the issue of more
than $1.6 million in delinquent garbage fees.

That work begins this week at the panel's first Finance Committee meeting of
2014.

Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco said overdue garbage bills -- and
"brainstorming" ways to more effectively collect them -- will be the top agenda
item at Wednesday's meeting.

Horan-Kunco will serve as City Council's Finance Committee chairwoman this year.

The Erie Water Works Chief Executive Paul Vojtek and Paul Lichtenwalter, the
city's finance director, will attend, Horan-Kunco said. Mayor Joe Sinnott said
City Solicitor Greg Karle's office will also send a representative.

"We want to talk about the collection and billing process now with Erie Water
Works, how it's working now, when liens are filed against those who are
delinquent and things like that," Horan-Kunco said. "We want to talk to the
Solicitor's Office about what our possible legal remedies are. We're in the
initial stages of these conversations, but we want to see what might be possible
with the collections."

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140201-EI-BRF-Erie-City-Council-to-start-brainstorming-solutions-for-
delinquent-trash-fees-0201-20140201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

Wayne Charter County, Mich., GOs Lowered to BBB by S&P

SECTION: MARKET NEWS Vol. 122 No. 93

LENGTH: 496  words


Standard & Poor's Ratings Services said it has lowered its rating on Wayne
Charter County, Mich.'s limited-tax general obligation bonds to BBB from
BBB-plus.

The outlook is stable. At the same time, Standard & Poor's assigned its SP-1
rating to the county's limited tax GO delinquent tax notes.

"The downgrade reflects ongoing financial deterioration caused primarily by a
prolonged structural imbalance," said Standard & Poor's credit analyst Jane
Ridley.

The rating on the notes is based on the following credit factors: good projected
coverage when incorporating additional liquidity and other pledged revenues;
strong history of collections; and limited-tax GO pledge.

The 2012 real property taxes due to Wayne County, outstanding and uncollected as
of May 15, 2013, and the county's limited-tax GO pledge secure the series 2013
notes. Pledged revenues securing the notes include $300.7 million of 2012
delinquent property taxes and fees estimated to be delinquent after May 15,
2013.

However, only $238 million of that amount is expected to be available during the
amortization period of the notes. The notes are being issued as fixed rate with
no put feature.

These notes are being issued as pari passu with any other future notes secured
by 2012 delinquent taxes. Should additional notes be sold in variable-rate mode,
it is Standard & Poor's understanding and expectation that future structures
will not include a put unless there is a liquidity facility.

The BBB rating on the county's series GO limited and unlimited bonds reflects
the following credit factors: economic diversification beyond the city of
Detroit and a relatively diverse tax base; demonstrated strides toward
stabilizing financial operations through an agreement with the Third Circuit
Court; a good financial management profile that includes development and
implementation of policies designed to improve operational efficiencies across
the organization; and a debt burden considered moderate.

Offsetting factors include: a negative unreserved general fund balance that
continues to grow and a significantly reduced cash position; significant
challenges in the form of falling revenues, rising expenditures, pressure from
expenditures outside county management's control, and a challenged economic
climate; significant economic pressures given falling property values and the
related implication for property tax revenues; and economic indicators
considered just adequate.

The stable outlook reflects Standard & Poor's expectation that Wayne County will
continue to work toward regaining structural balance and that its progress will
be observable over the outlook's two-year time horizon. Should the county's
financial condition deteriorate significantly, Standard & Poor's could lower the
rating.

Given the challenges to date and the county's ongoing need to make changes with
both long- and short-term impacts, Standard & Poor's does not expect to raise
the rating during the course of the outlook period.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 7, 2011 Monday

New election map under consideration by Orange Council

BYLINE: David Ball, The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


Nov. 07--ORANGE -- After nearly a year's worth of work, a new district map will
be considered at the regular meeting of the Orange City Council beginning at 9
a.m. on Tuesday, November 8 at the Orange Public Library Auditorium at 220 N.
5th Street.

The council will deliberate the drafting of an ordinance establishing new
boundaries for the city's four single-member council districts.

The council conducted a public hearing last month to obtain citizen input on
draft plans for the reapportionment of the city's four single-member council
districts.

Alan Bojorquez of the Bojorquez Law Firm of Austin, presented draft plans for
the reapportionment of the city's four single-member council districts.

The plan was approved by the U.S. Department of Justice One Person, One Vote
program and made necessary to be within federal election guidelines.

The certification of 2011 assessed tax roll and 2011 delinquent tax roll summary
of $6,030.156.78 will be considered for approval. Orange County Tax
Assessor-Collector Lynda Gunstream will be presenting.

A resolution will be considered authorizing a change to the collection of
delinquent business personal property taxes. Gunstream stated the taxes are
normally turned over to the county's delinquent law firm on July 1.

The Legislature has provided an opportunity to turn over the collection of
delinquent business personal property taxes to the law firm on April 1.

Gunstream believes early turn over is beneficial for speeding up the collection
process by three months, providing an excellent opportunity to collect
delinquent tax revenue before it is gone and it's cost free.

The council will conduct a public hearing and consider for approval the taxation
of Goods in Transit that are otherwise exempt from taxation by the Texas Tax
Code.

The Legislature passed the measure this session. Goods in Transit is defined as
tangible personal property detained in a location in this state whose owner did
not have direct or indirect ownership of the facility at which the property was
assembled, stored, manufactures, processed or fabricated.

Councilmembers will vote upon an ordinance granting a franchise to Waste
Management to operate a commercial closed container garbage collection service
in the city.

The ordinance will provide the terms, conditions, obligations and limitations of
the service. The city will have the authority to regulate rates, provide
franchise payments and provide for severability.

Jerry Ziller, deputy chief of the Orange Fire Department, will present a
resolution for adopting the Regional Hazard Mitigation Action Plan to the
council.

The resolution reads the city of Orange has experienced many natural disasters
over the past century resulting in property loss, loss of life, economic
hardship and threats to public safety and health.

The Regional Hazard Mitigation Action Plan and the Orange County Hazard
Mitigation Action Plan were developed after more than three years of research
and extensive work by the city, the county, the South East Texas Regional
Planning Commission and others. The plans will protect people and property
affected by natural hazards.

The council will consider a motion accepting the resignation of Joyce McGee from
the Orange Housing Authority Board.

Her letter reads, "Effective immediately I am resigning from the Housing
Authority Board of Commissioners. It has been a pleasure to serve and hope that
in the future I can serve again or on another board."

___ (c)2011 The Orange Leader (Orange, Texas) Visit The Orange Leader (Orange,
Texas) at www.orangeleader.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111107-XY-New-election-map-under-consideration-by-Orange-Council-1107-20111107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                        Copyright 2011 The Orange Leader


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

News in brief

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 456 words


Staff and wire reports

Chicago

Visitor numbers up 3.5 percent during 2014

Illinois tourism officials say the state saw a 3.5 percent increase in visitors
during 2014.

The Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity announced the
numbers Monday as it starts a four-day statewide tour with stops in Marion,
Effingham, Quincy, Springfield, Peoria, Champaign, Rockford and the Chicago
suburbs.

The agency says there were 109.4 million visitors to Illinois last year. Those
visitors generated $2.7 billion in sales taxes for the state, an increase of
$133.8 million in one year. State officials attribute 306,000 Illinois jobs to
tourism.

This fall, the Illinois Office of Tourism will launch the "Illinois Made"
program to showcase inventors and artists. In the spring, a newly formatted
Illinois travel magazine will debut.

Springfield

Tax auction planned Aug. 12

Sangamon County will conduct an auction of delinquent real estate and mobile
home taxes at 7 p.m. Aug. 12 at the Prairie Capital Convention Center, 1
Convention Center Plaza.

The auction is for 202 properties delinquent from 2011 and 97 mobile homes
delinquent from 2012.

Bids begin at $600.

Bidders are encouraged to attend the auction, but written bids can be submitted
to: Auction Department of the Sangamon County Tax Agent's Office, P.O. Box 96,
Edwardsville, IL 62025. Written bids with full payment must be received by 5
p.m. Aug. 5.

Sale catalogs are available at iltaxsale.com. Additional information also is
available by contacting the tax agent at (800) 248-2850 or (618) 656-5744.

Minneapolis

Minnesota raises state minimum wage to $9

Minnesota will vault past Illinois, Michigan and South Dakota this week to gain
the highest minimum wage in the Midwestern region at $9 an hour, which also will
rank among the most generous state wage floors in the country.

The dollar-per-hour bump taking effect Saturday for some 288,000 of Minnesota's
lowest-paid workers is the second of a three-stage increase adopted in 2014,
when the state had one of the lowest minimum wages in the region. Next August,
the wage will rise again to $9.50, and it will go up automatically with
inflation in following years.

For now, this step gives Minnesota the highest minimum wage of any state away
from the east or west coasts.

New York

Best Buy to sell Apple Watch

The Apple Watch is heading to some Best Buy stores ahead of the holiday shopping
season.

Best Buy Co. says it will sell the Apple Watch at 100 of its stores and on its
website on Aug. 7. Another 200 Best Buy stores will offer the smartwatch before
the end of the year.

Best Buy, which has more than 1,000 stores in the U.S., says it's the first
national retailer to sell the watch outside of Apple Inc.'s stores.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 16, 1991

Life RE Overdues Hit $ 10B

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Delinquent mortgages held by insurance companies surged past $ 10 billion in the
second quarter of 1991, a record for the industry, according to a report by a
trade association.

According to statistics from the American Council of Life Insurance, 5.3% of the
$ 221 billion in mortgages held by the industry was delinquent at June 30, up
sharply from 4.68% in the first quarter, and more than two points higher than
the 3.03% rate last year.

Moreover, the industry has been forced to take possession of a record number of
properties in foreclosure.

"Loans in process of foreclosure rose to a record high 2.40%, up from 2.12% at
March 31," said the ACLI report.

ACLI noted that all areas of the industry's mortgage portfolio were weaker in
the second quarter, but the commercial sector in particular pushed the numbers
higher.

In the quarter, commercial delinquencies rose to 5.41%, up from 4.77% the
quarter before and well above the 3.00% rate a year ago.

This category is important to the insurance industry in that it comprises 92% of
all of the mortgages held.

Delinquent residential mortgages, which are only 4% of the group's portfolio,
rose to 1.78% from 1.67% three months before and 1.49% a year ago.

Mortgages on agricultural property make up the balance of the industry's
portfolio, and they were also up sharply to 6.35% in June, from 5.78% in March
and 5.26% a year ago.

The industry also experienced a major increase in the amount of foreclosed
commercial real estate in the second quarter.

At June 30 last year, ACLI reported $ 1.4 billion of foreclosed property in the
hands of life insurance companies, but this June, the number exploded to $ 2.4
billion, an increase of more than 70%.

The commercial deterioration cut across the board by category and by region,
said ACLI.

On a regional basis, only the West South Central (Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma and
Arkansas) and Mountain states (Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New
Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming) showed improvements in nonperforming mortgages, but
still remained among the most delinquent regions.

The WSC states fell to 5.32% and the Mountain states declined to 7.84%, from
6.42% and 9.93% respectively.

By far the most troubled region for the industry is New England where 8.30% of
the mortgages are delinquent up from 6.06% three months before and 3.45% a year
ago.

Importantly, these two regions comprise only 11% of the industry's total
mortgage holdings.

Another troubled region is the West North Central which includes Iowa, Kansas,
Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, and the Dakotas.

Total commercial mortgage delinquencies were 7.76%, up more than two points from
5.43% three months ago and 4.69% last year.

Within the industry's commercial mortgage portfolio, its office properties
delinquency rate rose for the sixth consecutive quarter to 6.22%, from 5.46%
three months ago and 3.58% last year.

Other weak sectors include hospitality at 11.6%, up from 10.35% in the prior
quarter and 8.11% a year ago; and apartments at 5.57% from 4.32% and 3.20% 90
days and a year ago respectively.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, Life Insurance Mortgage NPAs Up Sharply In 1991, Life Co.
mortgage delinquencies rose more than 200 basis points in the past year,
climbing to 5.30% at June 30, 1991.  Source: American Council of Life Insurance

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 21, 1985

Banks See Rise In Bad RE Loans

SECTION: COMMERCIAL BANK MORTGAGES; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Commercial banks with the largest portfolios of non-performing real estate loans
in 1983 mainly saw their bad paper go up again last year.

The leader in non-performing mortgages last year, Bank of America, San
Francisco, held about $ 1 billion of those loans, according to Sheshunoff & Co.,
Austin, Texas.

Sheshunoff obtained its data from preliminary year-end reports of condition and
income filed with the Federal Reserve Board.

Bank of America's delinquent real estate loan portfolio last year represented an
increase of 5.5% over 1983, and 5.1% of its total real estate loan portfolio.

A spokesman for the bank disputed the figure.

Crocker National Bank, San Francisco, had the second largest non-performing real
estate loan portfolio last year, but showed a decrease from the year before.

Crocker's total non-performing real estate loans last year were $ 349 million,
which was a 13.7% drop from 1983.

A Crocker spokesperson declined to comment on specifics contributing to the
bank's large holdings of bad real estate loans, but said that Midland Bank, New
York, Crocker's parent, transferred the non-performing real estate loans to a
new subsidiary last September in order to more quickly dispose of the loans.

Last year, Crocker's non-performing delinquent real estate loans represented
6.97% of its total real estate loan portfolio.

Security Pacific National Bank, Los Angeles, held the third highest amount of
non-performing real estate loans last year among commercial banks nationwide.

Security Pacific's delinquent real estate loans, both commercial and
residential, totaled $ 256 million, which was an increase of 143% from 1983.

The top five holders of non-performing real estate loans for the year were
rounded out by The Bank of New York with $ 253 million -- a 47.7% rise from the
year before, and Citibank, New York, with $ 252 million -- a 55.6% rise from
1983.

The top five banks in this area held a total of $ 2.1 billion in non-performing
real estate loans last year.

First Interstate Bank of California, Los Angeles, held the sixth largest amount
of delinquent real estate loans in 1984.  First Interstate's non-performing
loans were at $ 186 million last year, a drop of 40.5% from 1983.

Layton Tuck, senior vice president, real estate loans, said First Interstate was
helped by an improved economy and an increase in building in certain areas of
California last year, and that the bank also stepped up its liquidations.

First Interstate's bad real estate loans last year represented 5.43% of its
total real estate loan portfolio.

Chase Manhattan Bank, New York, was seventh among commercial banks in total
non-performing real estate loans, with $ 170 million.  That figure is a 12.2%
increase in that category from the year before.

Chemical Bank, New York, had a jump of 77% in non-performing real estate loans
last year, and was eight highest in the category with $ 144 million in such
loans.

Chemical's delinquent real estate loans, despite the sharp rise, were just 5.59%
of its total commercial and residential real estate loan portfolio.

Continental Illinois NB & Trust Co., Chicago, eliminated 46.8% of its delinquent
real estate loans by year-end 1984 through its restructuring program with the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

A spokesperson for the bank said that in September 1984 Continental transferred
$ 308 million in non-performing real estate loans to the FDIC and added another
one million in such loans before the end of the year.

At the end of last year Continental still held $ 135 million in delinquent real
estate loans, which represented 6.69% of its total real estate loan portfolio.

Seattle First National Bank finished out the top ten commercial banks, the top
ten commercial banks with $ 116 million in non-performing loans by year-end
1984, which was a 25.1% drop from 1983, and 6.61 percent of its total
residential and commercial real estate loan portfolio.

The non-performing top ten commercial banks held a total of $ 2.8 billion in
non-performing loans.

The top 25 banks with the largest delinquent real estate loan holdings reported
a total of $ 3.7 billion in bad loans last year.

The top fifty banks in this area reported a 1984 total of $ 4.4 billion.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, REAL ESTATE LOANS COMMERCIAL BANKS as of Dec. 31, 1984, (dollars
in millions) Source: Sheshunoff & Co.

                   Copyright 1985 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

City nets $2 million in sale of liens

BYLINE: By Claudia Vargas; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 362 words


An online sale of liens on tax-delinquent properties has netted Philadelphia
$2.1 million, city officials said Tuesday.

More than a quarter of the 865 liens that were for sale were picked up by
investors. The threat of the sale alone moved owners of an additional 1,414
delinquent properties to pay $5.5 million to clear back taxes owed. And a
further 506 property owners enrolled in payment plans to cover $2.2 million in
unpaid taxes.

"This has been the fastest and most impactful enforcement tool that anyone in
Revenue can recall," Revenue Commissioner Clarena Tolson said in a statement.
"From start of process to finish was just over [seven] weeks."

The auction, completed Tuesday, was a pilot program of the Revenue Department
and one in a series of efforts by the city to deal with its 98,000 tax-
delinquent properties, which represent nearly one in five parcels in the city.

Only liens were for sale, not the actual properties. The new owners of the liens
can recoup their investments by collecting the taxes owed on the properties.

Tolson's department notified more than 4,000 delinquent property owners they
would be subject to the lien sale if their taxes were not paid.

"Many properties were later eliminated from the process because of tax-exempt
status, appeals, bankruptcy," and other issues, according to Mark McDonald,
Mayor Nutter's spokesman.

The city ultimately gave a list of 1,261 properties to Indianapolis-based SRI
Inc., which had been contracted to run the online auction. Property owners
quickly came forward to pay taxes and related liens and fees.

"Taxpayers that came in with payments through the close of business on Friday
were removed from the sale," Tolson said. "In fact, we continue to have
taxpayers come in to make payment on liens that did not sell."

The liens that did not sell remain on the city's books as tax-delinquent
properties.

The 240 property owners whose liens were purchased will receive letters from the
city explaining that their tax debt is now to be paid to the purchaser of their
lien. Tax lien purchasers may later foreclose on the property if the debt is not
paid.

cvargas@phillynews.com 215-854-5520 @InqCVargas


LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 3, 2010 Saturday

County mailing delinquent tax letters to property owners

BYLINE: Ken de la Bastide, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


Apr. 3--KOKOMO -- Courtesy letters are being mailed to 2,100 property owners in
Howard County that are delinquent on their property tax payments, offering them
each the opportunity to stay off the tax sale list.

Howard County Treasurer Martha Lake said Thursday the letters will be mailed
Monday so property owners can remain off the tax sale list and save some money.

The letters will include the amount owed on unpaid property taxes dating from
the spring 2009 tax collection and for previous years. Lake said the amount
doesn't include the fall 2009 and spring 2010 taxes owed.

Lake said the spring tax bill statement will be mailed on April 10 and the
payment is due on May 10, which is on schedule.

She said the letters being mailed will include penalties, interest and any
assessments owed.

The delinquent taxes have to be paid in full by June 29 to keep a property off
the tax sale list.

Lake said the county's tax sale is set for Oct. 13

Delinquent taxes paid by May 10 will not incur additional penalties, but after
that date the amount owed will increase.

Lake said the Treasurer's office can take partial payments for delinquent taxes
until June 29.

"We have sent courtesy letters in previous years and have gotten a good
response," she said.

Last year the county mailed more than 2,000 letters and the number of properties
included on the tax sale list was reduced to approximately 600.

Ken de la Bastide is the Kokomo Tribune enterprise editor. He can be reached at
765-454-8580 or via e-mail at ken.delabastide@kokomotribune.com

To see more of the Kokomo Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kokomotribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100403-KO-DELINQUENT-TAX-LETTERS-20100403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2010 Kokomo Tribune


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 17, 2009 Saturday

Sugarloaf woman: County too lenient on delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Kent Jackson, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


Oct. 17--By allowing owners of 2,000 properties extra time to pay their taxes,
Luzerne County shows too much leniency in the midst of a multi-million budget
crisis, a Sugarloaf woman said.

Darlene Straka asked the county for a list of properties whose owners pay taxes
through an installment plan.

She received 40 pages of properties for which the delinquent taxes amount to
tens of thousands of dollars.

"Most taxpayers on this list have multiple properties, many in the teens and at
least one in the twenties. Yes! Twenty properties by one owner put on a
installment plan," Straka wrote in a letter to the Standard-Speaker in Hazleton.

The list includes businesses as well as homeowners.

Straka said she can understand granting extensions to owners of single homes who
face hardships such as "serious physical illness or injury or prolonged
unemployment."

But not to businesses and owners of multiple properties.

Allowing extra time to some taxpayers burdens those who pay on time and
contributes to the county's budget deficit, she said.

Straka wonders how the county's Tax Claim Bureau, which the FBI is
investigating, can enforce payment agreements with so many property owners.

Luzerne County Commissioner Chairwoman Maryanne Petrilla said a policy requires
delinquent owners to pay 25 percent of their balance and enter a payment
agreement as a last chance to keep their properties.

"Once you go in into arrears, then you go for tax sale," Petrilla said.

Told what Straka learned about the delinquent properties, Petrilla said the
commissioners should look at owners of multiple properties.

"If it's the same people doing it over and over again, perhaps we have to look
into what requirements we have and what we can change," Petrilla also said.

The county's budget deficit was estimated at $29 million a few weeks ago, but
Petrilla said adjustments to revenues and expenditures have trimmed the deficit
to $18 million to $20 million.

kjackson@standardspeaker.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091017-YT-Sugarloaf-woman-County-too-lenient-on-delinquent-taxes-1017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2009


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: ORDER INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND NOTICE OF HEARING
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(j) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

LENGTH: 1170  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has published the
following document:


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Before the
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Release No. 74366 / February 25, 2015

ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING File No. 3-16401

ORDER INSTITUTING
ADMINISTRATIVE
PROCEEDINGS AND NOTICE OF
HEARING PURSUANT TO
SECTION 12(j) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934
I.



  The Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") deems it necessary and
appropriate for the protection of investors that public administrative
proceedings be, and hereby are, instituted pursuant to Section 12(j) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") against the Respondents named
in the caption.

II.

  After an investigation, the Division of Enforcement alleges that:

A. RESPONDENTS

1. Energiz Renewable, Inc. ("ERIP") (CIK No. 859313) is a dissolved Florida
corporation located in Keyport, New Jersey with a class of securities registered
with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). ERIP is delinquent
in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic
reports since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2011,
which reported a net loss of $936,682 for the prior nine months. As of February
23, 2015, the common stock of ERIP was quoted on OTC Link operated by OTC
Markets Group Inc. (formerly "Pink Sheets") ("OTC Link"), had seven market
makers, and was eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act Rule
15c2-11(f)(3).
2. Iron Eagle Group, Inc. ("IEAG") (CIK No. 1043825) is a void Delaware
corporation located in New York, New York with a class of securities registered
with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). IEAG is delinquent
in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic
reports since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2012, which
reported a net loss of $1,126,202 for the prior six months. As of February 23,
2015, the common stock of IEAG was quoted on OTC Link, had seven market makers,
and was eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act Rule
15c2-11(f)(3).
3. MedClean Technologies, Inc. ("MCLN") (CIK No. 40528) is a delinquent Delaware
corporation located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania with a class of securities
registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). MCLN is
delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any
periodic reports since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2012, which reported a net loss of $720,524 for the prior nine months. As of
February 23, 2015, the common stock of MCLN was quoted on OTC Link, had eight
market makers, and was eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act
Rule 15c2-11(f)(3).
 B.  DELINQUENT PERIODIC FILINGS
4. As discussed in more detail above, all of the Respondents are delinquent in
their periodic filings with the Commission, have repeatedly failed to meet their
obligations to file timely periodic reports, and failed to heed delinquency
letters sent to them by the Division of Corporation Finance requesting
compliance with their periodic filing obligations or, through their failure to
maintain a valid address on file with the Commission as required by Commission
rules, did not receive such letters.
5. Exchange Act Section 13(a) and the rules promulgated thereunder require
issuers of securities registered pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12 to file
with the Commission current and accurate information in periodic reports, even
if the registration is voluntary under Section 12(g). Specifically, Rule 13a-1
requires issuers to file annual reports, and Rule 13a-13 requires issuers to
file quarterly reports.
6. As a result of the foregoing, Respondents failed to comply with Exchange Act
Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 thereunder.
III.

  In view of the allegations made by the Division of Enforcement, the Commission
deems it necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors that public
administrative proceedings be instituted to determine:

A. Whether the allegations contained in Section II hereof are true and, in
connection therewith, to afford the Respondents an opportunity to establish any
defenses to such allegations; and,

B. Whether it is necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors to
suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months, or revoke the registration of
each class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act
of the Respondents identified in Section II
  2
hereof, and any successor under Exchange Act Rules 12b-2 or 12g-3, and any new
corporate names of any Respondents.

IV.

  IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that a public hearing for the purpose of taking evidence
on the questions set forth in Section III hereof shall be convened at a time and
place to be fixed, and before an Administrative Law Judge to be designated by
further order as provided by Rule 110 of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17
C.F.R. § 201.110].

  IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that Respondents shall file an Answer to the
allegations contained in this Order within ten (10) days after service of this
Order, as provided by Rule 220(b) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17
C.F.R. § 201.220(b)].

If Respondents fail to file the directed Answers, or fail to appear at a hearing
after being duly notified, the Respondents, and any successor under Exchange Act
Rules 12b-2 or 12g-3, and any new corporate names of any Respondents, may be
deemed in default and the proceedings may be determined against it upon
consideration of this Order, the allegations of which may be deemed to be true
as provided by Rules 155(a), 220(f), 221(f), and 310 of the
Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §§ 201.155(a), 201.220(f), 201.221(f),
and 201.310].

  This Order shall be served forthwith upon Respondents personally or by
certified, registered, or Express Mail, or by other means permitted by the
Commission Rules of Practice.

  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Administrative Law Judge shall issue an initial
decision no later than 120 days from the date of service of this Order, pursuant
to Rule 360(a)(2) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §
201.360(a)(2)].

  In the absence of an appropriate waiver, no officer or employee of the
Commission engaged in the performance of investigative or prosecuting functions
in this or any factually related proceeding will be permitted to participate or
advise in the decision of this matter, except as witness or counsel in
proceedings held pursuant to notice. Since this proceeding is not "rule making"
within the meaning of Section 551 of the Administrative Procedure Act, it is not
deemed subject to the provisions of Section 553 delaying the effective date of
any final Commission action.

  By the Commission.



              Brent J. Fields
              Secretary
  3


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Bowling Green Daily News (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 30, 2008 Sunday

Officials: Unpaid tax bills can lead to higher debts

BYLINE: Robyn L. Minor, The Daily News, Bowling Green, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 812 words


Mar. 30--Area officials are urging residents to pay their outstanding tax bills
soon -- before they are sold at courthouse auctions around the region beginning
next month.

If left unpaid, property owners could end up paying 100 percent more than they
owed to begin with to prevent a home from eventually going into foreclosure.

One company that has shown interest in purchasing bills around the region, Tax
Ease, is a Texas-based company that specializes in making property tax loans to
homeowners and businesses, according to its Web site; the loans are tied to a
five-year payback.

Warren County Sheriff's Office bookkeeper Carol Hurd said she has received calls
from four companies interested in purchasing the bills -- an interest level high
enough that the state will step in and stop the sale, as it did in 2007.

If companies show an interest in more than 10 percent of the total bills, the
sale is stopped and the state takes over the bills, turning them over to the
county clerk's offices, potentially for sale again. Hurd on Friday said she
still had about 678 outstanding bills for real estate.

Companies which "buy" the bills at auction are essentially giving delinquent
taxpayers a loan that they didn't ask for; the companies than attempt to recoup
the money, often with a number of "fees" attached.

There is a legal limit on the interest they can charge, though there used to be
no such limit on the administrative fees they can tack onto those bills.

"We had an incident where a $300 bill turned into a $900 bill in one year,"
Logan County Clerk Scotty Harper said.

State legislation effective July 2007 now stipulates that if the delinquent bill
is less than $350, a company may only charge a fee of up to 100 percent of the
bill; if it is from $351 to $700, they can charge fees up to 80 percent of the
bill, not to exceed $560; for bills more than $701, the fees can be 70 percent
or no more than $700.

But, Harper said, they can also charge attorney fees

Harper said because of potential cost to taxpayers, his office and other county
officials are doing what they can to spread the word that people should pay
their bills now if at all possible.

As recently as Thursday, Harper said the county still had about 600 outstanding
bills.

Nancy Botts, sheriff's bookkeeper in Barren County, said companies can
potentially own several outstanding bills on one person. For instance, the
company that purchased a delinquent bill in 2007 has first right to purchase a
delinquent bill for the same person in 2008 -- meaning that the money owed will
continue to compound, Botts said.

Like Hurd, Botts said she has had inquiries from individuals interested in
purchasing delinquent tax bills, something which seems to have increased this
year.

"Once we explain to them this isn't like Florida ... that you are just
purchasing the delinquent bill and the right to file a lien ... once they
realize all that, about 90 percent of those people aren't interested anymore,"
Hurd said.

She expects that get rich-quick schemes and other Internet courses that
reportedly teach people how to make money foreclosing on properties has prompted
more interest in the purchases, though Kentucky law makes it difficult to make
money that way in comparison to a number of other states.

-- For more information about regulations on delinquent tax sales, check out KRS
134.450 and KRS 134.452, which can be accessed through the Legislative Research
Web site at www.lrc.ky.gov.

Delinquent tax bill sales:

--Allen County's tax sale is 10 a.m. April 26; visit www.acsoky.org and click on
delinquent taxes for a list that is updated weekly.

--Barren County's tax sale is 10 a.m. April 16; visit
www.barrencountysheriff.com and click on delinquent tax list for a list that is
updated weekly.

--Butler County's tax sale is from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. May 2; visit
www.butlercounty.ky.gov and click on delinquent tax bills for list.

--Edmonson County's tax sale is tentatively set for May 7. After April 7, its
tax list will be available at www.edmonsoncounty.com/taxlist.html.

--Logan County's tax sale is 10 a.m. April 7. For a list, visit
www.etaxfiles.com and click on Logan.

--Simpson County's tax sale is 10 a.m. April 17. For a list, visit
simpsoncounty.us, click on departments, then sheriff and then scroll down to
delinquent taxes.

--Warren County's sale is 1 p.m. April 9. For a list, visit:
www.warrencountykysheriff.com/DelinquentTaxDatabase/Delinquent
_Tax_Bills_list.asp.

To see more of the Bowling Green Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.bgdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily News, Bowling
Green, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080330-BW-Officials-Unpaid-tax-bills-can-lead-to-higher-debts-0330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BW


                    Copyright 2008 Bowling Green Daily News


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 17, 2008 Wednesday

BRIEF: Somerset delinquent tax sales low; stimulus rebates cited

BYLINE: Kirk Swauger, Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


Sep. 17--SOMERSET -- Only 15 properties were sold at the Somerset County tax
sale Tuesday, an uncommonly low number the tax claim director attributes in part
to delinquent taxpayers using their federal stimulus checks to pay their levies.

"This was a pretty good sale all around that we got it down so much," Tax Claim
Director Kathryn Rose said. "I know we had some people come in and use their
stimulus checks" to pay the taxes.

Of the 15 properties, only three homes were sold: One in Conemaugh Township
netted $19,500 for $3,600 in back taxes; another in Southampton Township sold
for $10,000 for $3,100 owed; and another in Upper Turkeyfoot Township went for
$6,000 to pay off $3,400 in delinquent taxes.

The remainder of the properties, Rose said, were land along with one or two
mineral rights.

The county took 68 properties to the sale, far fewer than in past sales.

"It was one of the best sales we've ever had," Rose said, adding that the
ability to use credit cards to pay taxes was another reason most taxes were paid
before the sale.

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080917-JO-BRF-Somerset-delinquent
-tax-sales-low-stimulus-rebates-cited-0917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2008 The Tribune-Democrat


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 4, 2011 Friday

Catching up: Public officials' delinquent property taxes are being paid

BYLINE: Laura Camper, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Feb. 04--Nearly all late payers flagged in a recent story in The Star about
local elected officials who were delinquent on their property taxes have now
paid up.

Anniston City Councilman Herbert Palmore, Hobson City Mayor Alberta McCrory and
Weaver Councilwoman Sheila Field all paid their tax bills on Jan. 21, the day
the news broke in the newspaper. Ohatchee Mayor Steve Baswell, who paid 12 of
his 13 tax bills on Dec. 28, paid the delinquent bill on Jan. 25.

Councilman Ben Little paid his delinquent property taxes on Feb. 1.

Only Hobson City Councilman O'Mildred Ball and Weaver Councilman Mike Warren
still have properties listed as delinquent.

Warren paid the taxes on Jan. 4 for the property where he resides. He is listed
as owner of another property with an ex-wife and that property tax bill had not
been paid as of Feb. 2. However, he said he has not been responsible for the
taxes on that property since 1986.

Ball still owes $189.20 for his property at 926 Bradford St, according to the
county web site.

Ball could not be reached for comment.

Vickie Kirby, chief clerk over tax collections for Calhoun County said the
delinquent tax payments have trickled in over the month, but as of Feb. 2, 6,022
of the 7,920 delinquent tax bills that were mailed were still delinquent.

However, she said the payments are on par with last year. On Feb. 2, 2010, the
county had collected $40,621,000 in property taxes and as of Feb. 2 this year,
it had collected $40,613,000.

The office will be mailing out a second wave of delinquent notices on Feb. 18.

Star staff writer Laura Camper: 256-235-3545.

To see more of The Anniston Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.annistonstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Anniston Star, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110204-AO-Catching-up-Public-officials-delinquent
-property-taxes-are-being-paid-0204-20110204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2011 The Anniston Star


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 4, 2011 Friday

Catching up: Public officials' delinquent property taxes are being paid

BYLINE: Laura Camper, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Feb. 04--Nearly all late payers flagged in a recent story in The Star about
local elected officials who were delinquent on their property taxes have now
paid up.

Anniston City Councilman Herbert Palmore, Hobson City Mayor Alberta McCrory and
Weaver Councilwoman Sheila Field all paid their tax bills on Jan. 21, the day
the news broke in the newspaper. Ohatchee Mayor Steve Baswell, who paid 12 of
his 13 tax bills on Dec. 28, paid the delinquent bill on Jan. 25.

Councilman Ben Little paid his delinquent property taxes on Feb. 1.

Only Hobson City Councilman O'Mildred Ball and Weaver Councilman Mike Warren
still have properties listed as delinquent.

Warren paid the taxes on Jan. 4 for the property where he resides. He is listed
as owner of another property with an ex-wife and that property tax bill had not
been paid as of Feb. 2. However, he said he has not been responsible for the
taxes on that property since 1986.

Ball still owes $189.20 for his property at 926 Bradford St, according to the
county web site.

Ball could not be reached for comment.

Vickie Kirby, chief clerk over tax collections for Calhoun County said the
delinquent tax payments have trickled in over the month, but as of Feb. 2, 6,022
of the 7,920 delinquent tax bills that were mailed were still delinquent.

However, she said the payments are on par with last year. On Feb. 2, 2010, the
county had collected $40,621,000 in property taxes and as of Feb. 2 this year,
it had collected $40,613,000.

The office will be mailing out a second wave of delinquent notices on Feb. 18.

Star staff writer Laura Camper: 256-235-3545.

To see more of The Anniston Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.annistonstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Anniston Star, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110204-AO-Catching-up-Public-officials-delinquent
-property-taxes-are-being-paid-0204-20110204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2011 The Anniston Star


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                            November 16, 2012 Friday

Serious Mortgage Delinquencies Drop to Lowest Mark in Four Years

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - RISK & ANALYTICS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 482  words


The percentage of mortgages that were more than 90 days behind or in the
foreclosure process dropped to 7.03 percent in the third quarter from 7.31
percent in the second quarter and 7.89 percent in the year-ago period, according
to the Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA).The rate of seriously delinquent home
loans, a proxy for the so-called shadow inventory of homes, fell to the lowest
mark since 2008 when it was 6.3 percent as employment improved and recovering
housing demand made it easier for homeowners to sell. It is considered great
news for the housing market because it reduces concerns that the current backlog
will exist long term, according to MBA officials. The shadow inventory as of the
second quarter fell 10 percent from a year earlier to 2.3 million homes,
representing a six-month supply, according to a report from data provider
CoreLogic.

The company includes seriously delinquent loans, homes in foreclosure and
bank-owned properties that haven't been listed in its definition of shadow
supply.As the economy improves, delinquent homeowners are catching up on
payments or finding alternatives to foreclosure. That's helping to reduce shadow
inventory - typically defined as homes with seriously delinquent mortgages, in
foreclosure or held by banks and not for sale - and limiting the prospect that
distressed properties will flood the market and depress prices.The percentage of
loans in the foreclosure process at the end of the third quarter was 4.07
percent, down 0.2 percentage point from June. That was the biggest drop in
records dating to 1979, according to the MBA.At the end of September, 2.32
million existing homes were available for sale, 20 percent fewer than a year
earlier, according to the National Association of Realtors. That represented a
5.9-month supply, the lowest since March 2006, near the peak of the housing
boom. The decline in inventory is helping to boost home selling prices as buyers
compete for properties. U.S. home prices jumped 5 percent in September from a
year earlier, the biggest increase since July 2006, CoreLogic Inc. said.More
borrowers were able to make their monthly payments as unemployment rate dropped
to 7.8 percent in September, the lowest since January 2009. Â The overall U.S.
mortgage delinquency rate - the share of loans at least one month late - fell to
7.4 percent in the third quarter on a seasonally adjusted basis from 7.58
percent in the previous three months, the MBA reported.States such as California
and Arizona that don't require court approval for foreclosures are seeing the
most rapid improvement in delinquencies, while judicial states such as Florida,
New Jersey and New York are falling behind. The foreclosure rate for judicial
states was 6.6 percent in the third quarter compared with 2.4 percent in
non-judicial states, the largest gap going back to at least 2006, according to
MBA officials.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 26, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Delinquents may show signs early

BYLINE: Marilyn Elias

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 152 words


About 3 out of 5 boys who will turn into hard-core delinquents by age 13 can be
identified in kindergarten through teachers' behavior ratings, a new study
suggests.

Early preventive therapy could avert a destructive future for many, says
psychologist Richard Tremblay of University of Montreal, Quebec.

"By kindergarten, the personality profiles that predict delinquency apparently
are already in place," he says.

He studied 1,034 boys in kindergarten. Eight years later, he looked at their
drug and alcohol use, and involvement in stealing, gangs and vandalism.

Findings, in Archives of General Psychiatry, show boys most likely to be
troublemakers are seen in kindergarten as:

-- Impulsive, hyperactive.

-- Low in anxiety or caution.

-- Low in desire to help others and unconcerned about angering others.

About 2 out of 5 delinquents didn't show those patterns in kindergarten, he
adds.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

Idaho:Regulators Take Action Against Delinquent Mines

LENGTH: 1325  words

DATELINE: Boise


Parallels of Idaho has issued the following news release:

Two weeks after NPR and Mine Safety and Health News reported nearly $70 million
in delinquent mine safety penalties at more than 4,000 coal and mineral mines,
federal regulators suddenly revived a rare approach to force mines to pay.

They cited a delinquent coal mine for failing to pay $30,000 in overdue
penalties and gave the mine's owner two weeks to pay. He didn't, so the Mine
Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) shut down the mine. Within 40 minutes,
mine officials agreed to a payment plan and the mine reopened.

It sounds like a straightforward and tough response, but it might not stand up
to legal scrutiny. Federal law doesn't give MSHA the authority to shut down
mines simply because they haven't paid their safety penalties. But the agency
can force a mine to fix safety violations. In this case, the failure to pay
penalties is considered an unfixed violation.

Response From The Mine Safety And Health Administration

The following is the agency's response to the NPR/Mine Safety and Health News
series on Delinquent Mines.

Mine operators have the primary responsibility under the Mine Act to prevent the
existence of unsafe and unhealthful working conditions. When they fail in their
responsibility for compliance with the Act and its standards and regulations,
MSHA uses the enforcement tools it has at its disposal. As a result of, and
immediately after the Upper Big Branch Mine disaster, those tools now include an
enhanced enforcement program to provide a more effective means of improving
working conditions in the mines of chronic violators.

Specifically, through MSHA's impact inspections and Pattern of Violations
program, the Agency provides extra scrutiny where necessary. Click here to
continue reading the full response.

"The operator in this particular case did not challenge that legally. Somebody's
going to," says Larry Grayson, a mine safety expert at Penn State University,
and a consultant to industry and Congress.

"And then that's going to protract the amount of time it's going to take to
resolve the issues," Grayson, a former mine superintendent, adds.

As the NPR/Mine Safety and Health News investigation found, delinquent mines
committed 131,000 violations and reported nearly 4,000 injuries while they were
delinquent and while MSHA targeted many of them with other enforcement. Many
mines were delinquent and continued to operate for years.

MSHA's attempt to shut down a delinquent mine isn't new. NPR identified three
other cases in 2009. But Labor Department lawyers abandoned the tactic,
according to multiple current and former agency officials, because it's not
clear whether it's permitted by mine safety law.

"Until it is challenged, it is iffy," says Grayson, who says it will probably
take a court challenge to be sure. "But once that process starts, as slow as it
may be, there will be a level of worry among the operators, and hopefully it
would change many of them."

MSHA says it's also putting together what it calls a "better early warning
system" for delinquent mines it might take to federal court to seek court orders
for payment.

But neither MSHA chief Joe Main nor agency lawyer Heidi Strassler would discuss
these initiatives. They "are not available for taped interviews," says MSHA
spokeswoman Amy Louviere.

The action MSHA took recently targeted the Watson Branch coal mine in Claiborne
County, Tenn., which is operated by Solid Fuel Inc. Owner Darrell Wagner
operates three other mines that have more than $2 million in overdue fines, some
a decade old. Those three mines are now closed.

One of Wagner's mining companies, Wilcoal Mining Inc., agreed to pay more than
$626,000 in overdue penalties in federal court in 2013, but MSHA records
indicate no payments were made. When asked to explain this failure to enforce
the settlement, the agency said in a written statement, "We do not discuss
internal attorney-client decision making concerning litigation strategy."

While they were delinquent and operating, Wagner's mines produced more than
244,000 tons of coal, according to government records. That coal is valued at an
estimated $13.6 million, based on Energy Information Administration coal price
reports for the same area and the same years.

Wagner did not respond to an interview request made through his attorney.

Wagner's Watson Branch mine was hit with five surprise blitz inspections while
it continued to ignore its penalties. MSHA touts these special inspections
targeting mines with troubled safety records, including delinquent mines. But
NPR found that just 10 delinquent mines that had these so-called "mine impact
inspections" were cited for 5,700 violations and reported 120 injuries while
they were delinquent and while MSHA applied this and other enforcement.

"They can continue to target egregious mines [but] it would be a very slow
process," says Grayson. "Look at all of the injuries that are going to occur.
And these are the high-injury-rate mines or operators. That's almost untenable
for the cost of human health."

NPR found that delinquent mines overall have an injury rate 50 percent higher
than mines that pay their fines.

NPR also found that taking mines to court and getting court orders and
settlements takes months and, sometimes, years. Close to three-dozen cases
reviewed by NPR rarely resulted in payments, and injuries and violations
continued while the cases were litigated.
More From This Investigation
This photo of Roy Middleton working underground at the Kentucky Darby mine now
sits on the mantel in the Middleton home in Harlan County, Ky. He was killed
after an explosion in 2006.
Delinquent Mines
Coal Mines Keep Operating Despite Injuries, Violations And Millions In Fines
The injuries Jack Blankenship sustained after a 300-pound rock pinned him to the
ground while working in a coal mine prevent him from sitting for long periods of
time or walking far. He says he's in constant pain.
Delinquent Mines
Miners At Risk Because Of Unpaid And Uncollected Fines

That has Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., a member of the Committee on Health, Education,
Labor and Pensions, urging more definitive action.

"Unless the law is clear and unless the tools are substantial to impose
accountability, [mine operators] will keep violating and take any kind of fine
and just chalk it up to the cost of doing business," Casey says.

"In many cases, [they] won't change their behavior unless the sanctions are
severe and substantial."

Casey says he will soon reintroduce a sweeping mine safety bill that includes
the authority to shut down delinquent mines six months after their fines become
overdue. But the measure failed to pass when both houses of Congress were
controlled by Democrats, and passage is considered even less likely in a
Congress controlled by Republicans.

Some safety advocates suggest pulling the language specifically addressing
delinquent mines and making that a separate bill or attaching it to a budget
measure.

"I'd certainly be willing to evaluate that strategy," Casey says. "I want to get
results, and if results take more than one bill, I'm willing to consider that."

In the meantime, industry responses to NPR's series may add pressure to
delinquent mining companies. A statistician at insurance giant AIG has asked
about NPR's data showing higher injury rates at delinquent mines. He wants to
determine whether delinquent companies have additional risk that has not been
factored into their workers' compensation policies and rates.

And Grayson wants to do a deeper analysis of NPR's findings as part of an
industry effort to assess risk at coal mines and identify unsafe mine operators.

"A bad operator will do anything to basically undercut the cost that they're
going to have to bear," Grayson says. "They're taking market share away from
good performers. It really is unfair competition."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

Idaho:Regulators Take Action Against Delinquent Mines

LENGTH: 1325  words

DATELINE: Boise


Parallels of Idaho has issued the following news release:

Two weeks after NPR and Mine Safety and Health News reported nearly $70 million
in delinquent mine safety penalties at more than 4,000 coal and mineral mines,
federal regulators suddenly revived a rare approach to force mines to pay.

They cited a delinquent coal mine for failing to pay $30,000 in overdue
penalties and gave the mine's owner two weeks to pay. He didn't, so the Mine
Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) shut down the mine. Within 40 minutes,
mine officials agreed to a payment plan and the mine reopened.

It sounds like a straightforward and tough response, but it might not stand up
to legal scrutiny. Federal law doesn't give MSHA the authority to shut down
mines simply because they haven't paid their safety penalties. But the agency
can force a mine to fix safety violations. In this case, the failure to pay
penalties is considered an unfixed violation.

Response From The Mine Safety And Health Administration

The following is the agency's response to the NPR/Mine Safety and Health News
series on Delinquent Mines.

Mine operators have the primary responsibility under the Mine Act to prevent the
existence of unsafe and unhealthful working conditions. When they fail in their
responsibility for compliance with the Act and its standards and regulations,
MSHA uses the enforcement tools it has at its disposal. As a result of, and
immediately after the Upper Big Branch Mine disaster, those tools now include an
enhanced enforcement program to provide a more effective means of improving
working conditions in the mines of chronic violators.

Specifically, through MSHA's impact inspections and Pattern of Violations
program, the Agency provides extra scrutiny where necessary. Click here to
continue reading the full response.

"The operator in this particular case did not challenge that legally. Somebody's
going to," says Larry Grayson, a mine safety expert at Penn State University,
and a consultant to industry and Congress.

"And then that's going to protract the amount of time it's going to take to
resolve the issues," Grayson, a former mine superintendent, adds.

As the NPR/Mine Safety and Health News investigation found, delinquent mines
committed 131,000 violations and reported nearly 4,000 injuries while they were
delinquent and while MSHA targeted many of them with other enforcement. Many
mines were delinquent and continued to operate for years.

MSHA's attempt to shut down a delinquent mine isn't new. NPR identified three
other cases in 2009. But Labor Department lawyers abandoned the tactic,
according to multiple current and former agency officials, because it's not
clear whether it's permitted by mine safety law.

"Until it is challenged, it is iffy," says Grayson, who says it will probably
take a court challenge to be sure. "But once that process starts, as slow as it
may be, there will be a level of worry among the operators, and hopefully it
would change many of them."

MSHA says it's also putting together what it calls a "better early warning
system" for delinquent mines it might take to federal court to seek court orders
for payment.

But neither MSHA chief Joe Main nor agency lawyer Heidi Strassler would discuss
these initiatives. They "are not available for taped interviews," says MSHA
spokeswoman Amy Louviere.

The action MSHA took recently targeted the Watson Branch coal mine in Claiborne
County, Tenn., which is operated by Solid Fuel Inc. Owner Darrell Wagner
operates three other mines that have more than $2 million in overdue fines, some
a decade old. Those three mines are now closed.

One of Wagner's mining companies, Wilcoal Mining Inc., agreed to pay more than
$626,000 in overdue penalties in federal court in 2013, but MSHA records
indicate no payments were made. When asked to explain this failure to enforce
the settlement, the agency said in a written statement, "We do not discuss
internal attorney-client decision making concerning litigation strategy."

While they were delinquent and operating, Wagner's mines produced more than
244,000 tons of coal, according to government records. That coal is valued at an
estimated $13.6 million, based on Energy Information Administration coal price
reports for the same area and the same years.

Wagner did not respond to an interview request made through his attorney.

Wagner's Watson Branch mine was hit with five surprise blitz inspections while
it continued to ignore its penalties. MSHA touts these special inspections
targeting mines with troubled safety records, including delinquent mines. But
NPR found that just 10 delinquent mines that had these so-called "mine impact
inspections" were cited for 5,700 violations and reported 120 injuries while
they were delinquent and while MSHA applied this and other enforcement.

"They can continue to target egregious mines [but] it would be a very slow
process," says Grayson. "Look at all of the injuries that are going to occur.
And these are the high-injury-rate mines or operators. That's almost untenable
for the cost of human health."

NPR found that delinquent mines overall have an injury rate 50 percent higher
than mines that pay their fines.

NPR also found that taking mines to court and getting court orders and
settlements takes months and, sometimes, years. Close to three-dozen cases
reviewed by NPR rarely resulted in payments, and injuries and violations
continued while the cases were litigated.
More From This Investigation
This photo of Roy Middleton working underground at the Kentucky Darby mine now
sits on the mantel in the Middleton home in Harlan County, Ky. He was killed
after an explosion in 2006.
Delinquent Mines
Coal Mines Keep Operating Despite Injuries, Violations And Millions In Fines
The injuries Jack Blankenship sustained after a 300-pound rock pinned him to the
ground while working in a coal mine prevent him from sitting for long periods of
time or walking far. He says he's in constant pain.
Delinquent Mines
Miners At Risk Because Of Unpaid And Uncollected Fines

That has Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., a member of the Committee on Health, Education,
Labor and Pensions, urging more definitive action.

"Unless the law is clear and unless the tools are substantial to impose
accountability, [mine operators] will keep violating and take any kind of fine
and just chalk it up to the cost of doing business," Casey says.

"In many cases, [they] won't change their behavior unless the sanctions are
severe and substantial."

Casey says he will soon reintroduce a sweeping mine safety bill that includes
the authority to shut down delinquent mines six months after their fines become
overdue. But the measure failed to pass when both houses of Congress were
controlled by Democrats, and passage is considered even less likely in a
Congress controlled by Republicans.

Some safety advocates suggest pulling the language specifically addressing
delinquent mines and making that a separate bill or attaching it to a budget
measure.

"I'd certainly be willing to evaluate that strategy," Casey says. "I want to get
results, and if results take more than one bill, I'm willing to consider that."

In the meantime, industry responses to NPR's series may add pressure to
delinquent mining companies. A statistician at insurance giant AIG has asked
about NPR's data showing higher injury rates at delinquent mines. He wants to
determine whether delinquent companies have additional risk that has not been
factored into their workers' compensation policies and rates.

And Grayson wants to do a deeper analysis of NPR's findings as part of an
industry effort to assess risk at coal mines and identify unsafe mine operators.

"A bad operator will do anything to basically undercut the cost that they're
going to have to bear," Grayson says. "They're taking market share away from
good performers. It really is unfair competition."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Idaho:Regulators Take Action Against Delinquent Mines

LENGTH: 1325  words

DATELINE: Boise


Parallels of Idaho has issued the following news release:

Two weeks after NPR and Mine Safety and Health News reported nearly $70 million
in delinquent mine safety penalties at more than 4,000 coal and mineral mines,
federal regulators suddenly revived a rare approach to force mines to pay.

They cited a delinquent coal mine for failing to pay $30,000 in overdue
penalties and gave the mine's owner two weeks to pay. He didn't, so the Mine
Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) shut down the mine. Within 40 minutes,
mine officials agreed to a payment plan and the mine reopened.

It sounds like a straightforward and tough response, but it might not stand up
to legal scrutiny. Federal law doesn't give MSHA the authority to shut down
mines simply because they haven't paid their safety penalties. But the agency
can force a mine to fix safety violations. In this case, the failure to pay
penalties is considered an unfixed violation.

Response From The Mine Safety And Health Administration

The following is the agency's response to the NPR/Mine Safety and Health News
series on Delinquent Mines.

Mine operators have the primary responsibility under the Mine Act to prevent the
existence of unsafe and unhealthful working conditions. When they fail in their
responsibility for compliance with the Act and its standards and regulations,
MSHA uses the enforcement tools it has at its disposal. As a result of, and
immediately after the Upper Big Branch Mine disaster, those tools now include an
enhanced enforcement program to provide a more effective means of improving
working conditions in the mines of chronic violators.

Specifically, through MSHA's impact inspections and Pattern of Violations
program, the Agency provides extra scrutiny where necessary. Click here to
continue reading the full response.

"The operator in this particular case did not challenge that legally. Somebody's
going to," says Larry Grayson, a mine safety expert at Penn State University,
and a consultant to industry and Congress.

"And then that's going to protract the amount of time it's going to take to
resolve the issues," Grayson, a former mine superintendent, adds.

As the NPR/Mine Safety and Health News investigation found, delinquent mines
committed 131,000 violations and reported nearly 4,000 injuries while they were
delinquent and while MSHA targeted many of them with other enforcement. Many
mines were delinquent and continued to operate for years.

MSHA's attempt to shut down a delinquent mine isn't new. NPR identified three
other cases in 2009. But Labor Department lawyers abandoned the tactic,
according to multiple current and former agency officials, because it's not
clear whether it's permitted by mine safety law.

"Until it is challenged, it is iffy," says Grayson, who says it will probably
take a court challenge to be sure. "But once that process starts, as slow as it
may be, there will be a level of worry among the operators, and hopefully it
would change many of them."

MSHA says it's also putting together what it calls a "better early warning
system" for delinquent mines it might take to federal court to seek court orders
for payment.

But neither MSHA chief Joe Main nor agency lawyer Heidi Strassler would discuss
these initiatives. They "are not available for taped interviews," says MSHA
spokeswoman Amy Louviere.

The action MSHA took recently targeted the Watson Branch coal mine in Claiborne
County, Tenn., which is operated by Solid Fuel Inc. Owner Darrell Wagner
operates three other mines that have more than $2 million in overdue fines, some
a decade old. Those three mines are now closed.

One of Wagner's mining companies, Wilcoal Mining Inc., agreed to pay more than
$626,000 in overdue penalties in federal court in 2013, but MSHA records
indicate no payments were made. When asked to explain this failure to enforce
the settlement, the agency said in a written statement, "We do not discuss
internal attorney-client decision making concerning litigation strategy."

While they were delinquent and operating, Wagner's mines produced more than
244,000 tons of coal, according to government records. That coal is valued at an
estimated $13.6 million, based on Energy Information Administration coal price
reports for the same area and the same years.

Wagner did not respond to an interview request made through his attorney.

Wagner's Watson Branch mine was hit with five surprise blitz inspections while
it continued to ignore its penalties. MSHA touts these special inspections
targeting mines with troubled safety records, including delinquent mines. But
NPR found that just 10 delinquent mines that had these so-called "mine impact
inspections" were cited for 5,700 violations and reported 120 injuries while
they were delinquent and while MSHA applied this and other enforcement.

"They can continue to target egregious mines [but] it would be a very slow
process," says Grayson. "Look at all of the injuries that are going to occur.
And these are the high-injury-rate mines or operators. That's almost untenable
for the cost of human health."

NPR found that delinquent mines overall have an injury rate 50 percent higher
than mines that pay their fines.

NPR also found that taking mines to court and getting court orders and
settlements takes months and, sometimes, years. Close to three-dozen cases
reviewed by NPR rarely resulted in payments, and injuries and violations
continued while the cases were litigated.
More From This Investigation
This photo of Roy Middleton working underground at the Kentucky Darby mine now
sits on the mantel in the Middleton home in Harlan County, Ky. He was killed
after an explosion in 2006.
Delinquent Mines
Coal Mines Keep Operating Despite Injuries, Violations And Millions In Fines
The injuries Jack Blankenship sustained after a 300-pound rock pinned him to the
ground while working in a coal mine prevent him from sitting for long periods of
time or walking far. He says he's in constant pain.
Delinquent Mines
Miners At Risk Because Of Unpaid And Uncollected Fines

That has Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., a member of the Committee on Health, Education,
Labor and Pensions, urging more definitive action.

"Unless the law is clear and unless the tools are substantial to impose
accountability, [mine operators] will keep violating and take any kind of fine
and just chalk it up to the cost of doing business," Casey says.

"In many cases, [they] won't change their behavior unless the sanctions are
severe and substantial."

Casey says he will soon reintroduce a sweeping mine safety bill that includes
the authority to shut down delinquent mines six months after their fines become
overdue. But the measure failed to pass when both houses of Congress were
controlled by Democrats, and passage is considered even less likely in a
Congress controlled by Republicans.

Some safety advocates suggest pulling the language specifically addressing
delinquent mines and making that a separate bill or attaching it to a budget
measure.

"I'd certainly be willing to evaluate that strategy," Casey says. "I want to get
results, and if results take more than one bill, I'm willing to consider that."

In the meantime, industry responses to NPR's series may add pressure to
delinquent mining companies. A statistician at insurance giant AIG has asked
about NPR's data showing higher injury rates at delinquent mines. He wants to
determine whether delinquent companies have additional risk that has not been
factored into their workers' compensation policies and rates.

And Grayson wants to do a deeper analysis of NPR's findings as part of an
industry effort to assess risk at coal mines and identify unsafe mine operators.

"A bad operator will do anything to basically undercut the cost that they're
going to have to bear," Grayson says. "They're taking market share away from
good performers. It really is unfair competition."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Idaho:Regulators Take Action Against Delinquent Mines

LENGTH: 1325  words

DATELINE: Boise


Parallels of Idaho has issued the following news release:

Two weeks after NPR and Mine Safety and Health News reported nearly $70 million
in delinquent mine safety penalties at more than 4,000 coal and mineral mines,
federal regulators suddenly revived a rare approach to force mines to pay.

They cited a delinquent coal mine for failing to pay $30,000 in overdue
penalties and gave the mine's owner two weeks to pay. He didn't, so the Mine
Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) shut down the mine. Within 40 minutes,
mine officials agreed to a payment plan and the mine reopened.

It sounds like a straightforward and tough response, but it might not stand up
to legal scrutiny. Federal law doesn't give MSHA the authority to shut down
mines simply because they haven't paid their safety penalties. But the agency
can force a mine to fix safety violations. In this case, the failure to pay
penalties is considered an unfixed violation.

Response From The Mine Safety And Health Administration

The following is the agency's response to the NPR/Mine Safety and Health News
series on Delinquent Mines.

Mine operators have the primary responsibility under the Mine Act to prevent the
existence of unsafe and unhealthful working conditions. When they fail in their
responsibility for compliance with the Act and its standards and regulations,
MSHA uses the enforcement tools it has at its disposal. As a result of, and
immediately after the Upper Big Branch Mine disaster, those tools now include an
enhanced enforcement program to provide a more effective means of improving
working conditions in the mines of chronic violators.

Specifically, through MSHA's impact inspections and Pattern of Violations
program, the Agency provides extra scrutiny where necessary. Click here to
continue reading the full response.

"The operator in this particular case did not challenge that legally. Somebody's
going to," says Larry Grayson, a mine safety expert at Penn State University,
and a consultant to industry and Congress.

"And then that's going to protract the amount of time it's going to take to
resolve the issues," Grayson, a former mine superintendent, adds.

As the NPR/Mine Safety and Health News investigation found, delinquent mines
committed 131,000 violations and reported nearly 4,000 injuries while they were
delinquent and while MSHA targeted many of them with other enforcement. Many
mines were delinquent and continued to operate for years.

MSHA's attempt to shut down a delinquent mine isn't new. NPR identified three
other cases in 2009. But Labor Department lawyers abandoned the tactic,
according to multiple current and former agency officials, because it's not
clear whether it's permitted by mine safety law.

"Until it is challenged, it is iffy," says Grayson, who says it will probably
take a court challenge to be sure. "But once that process starts, as slow as it
may be, there will be a level of worry among the operators, and hopefully it
would change many of them."

MSHA says it's also putting together what it calls a "better early warning
system" for delinquent mines it might take to federal court to seek court orders
for payment.

But neither MSHA chief Joe Main nor agency lawyer Heidi Strassler would discuss
these initiatives. They "are not available for taped interviews," says MSHA
spokeswoman Amy Louviere.

The action MSHA took recently targeted the Watson Branch coal mine in Claiborne
County, Tenn., which is operated by Solid Fuel Inc. Owner Darrell Wagner
operates three other mines that have more than $2 million in overdue fines, some
a decade old. Those three mines are now closed.

One of Wagner's mining companies, Wilcoal Mining Inc., agreed to pay more than
$626,000 in overdue penalties in federal court in 2013, but MSHA records
indicate no payments were made. When asked to explain this failure to enforce
the settlement, the agency said in a written statement, "We do not discuss
internal attorney-client decision making concerning litigation strategy."

While they were delinquent and operating, Wagner's mines produced more than
244,000 tons of coal, according to government records. That coal is valued at an
estimated $13.6 million, based on Energy Information Administration coal price
reports for the same area and the same years.

Wagner did not respond to an interview request made through his attorney.

Wagner's Watson Branch mine was hit with five surprise blitz inspections while
it continued to ignore its penalties. MSHA touts these special inspections
targeting mines with troubled safety records, including delinquent mines. But
NPR found that just 10 delinquent mines that had these so-called "mine impact
inspections" were cited for 5,700 violations and reported 120 injuries while
they were delinquent and while MSHA applied this and other enforcement.

"They can continue to target egregious mines [but] it would be a very slow
process," says Grayson. "Look at all of the injuries that are going to occur.
And these are the high-injury-rate mines or operators. That's almost untenable
for the cost of human health."

NPR found that delinquent mines overall have an injury rate 50 percent higher
than mines that pay their fines.

NPR also found that taking mines to court and getting court orders and
settlements takes months and, sometimes, years. Close to three-dozen cases
reviewed by NPR rarely resulted in payments, and injuries and violations
continued while the cases were litigated.
More From This Investigation
This photo of Roy Middleton working underground at the Kentucky Darby mine now
sits on the mantel in the Middleton home in Harlan County, Ky. He was killed
after an explosion in 2006.
Delinquent Mines
Coal Mines Keep Operating Despite Injuries, Violations And Millions In Fines
The injuries Jack Blankenship sustained after a 300-pound rock pinned him to the
ground while working in a coal mine prevent him from sitting for long periods of
time or walking far. He says he's in constant pain.
Delinquent Mines
Miners At Risk Because Of Unpaid And Uncollected Fines

That has Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., a member of the Committee on Health, Education,
Labor and Pensions, urging more definitive action.

"Unless the law is clear and unless the tools are substantial to impose
accountability, [mine operators] will keep violating and take any kind of fine
and just chalk it up to the cost of doing business," Casey says.

"In many cases, [they] won't change their behavior unless the sanctions are
severe and substantial."

Casey says he will soon reintroduce a sweeping mine safety bill that includes
the authority to shut down delinquent mines six months after their fines become
overdue. But the measure failed to pass when both houses of Congress were
controlled by Democrats, and passage is considered even less likely in a
Congress controlled by Republicans.

Some safety advocates suggest pulling the language specifically addressing
delinquent mines and making that a separate bill or attaching it to a budget
measure.

"I'd certainly be willing to evaluate that strategy," Casey says. "I want to get
results, and if results take more than one bill, I'm willing to consider that."

In the meantime, industry responses to NPR's series may add pressure to
delinquent mining companies. A statistician at insurance giant AIG has asked
about NPR's data showing higher injury rates at delinquent mines. He wants to
determine whether delinquent companies have additional risk that has not been
factored into their workers' compensation policies and rates.

And Grayson wants to do a deeper analysis of NPR's findings as part of an
industry effort to assess risk at coal mines and identify unsafe mine operators.

"A bad operator will do anything to basically undercut the cost that they're
going to have to bear," Grayson says. "They're taking market share away from
good performers. It really is unfair competition."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 19, 2008 Sunday

Income tax delinquents targeted by Conneaut

BYLINE: Mark Todd, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


Oct. 19--CONNEAUT -- Cash-conscious Conneaut is in the midst of an income tax
crackdown aimed at recouping some of the big bucks owed the city, officials
said.

The number of people delinquent in their tax payments has hit unprecedented
numbers this year, said Larry Gasch, the city's tax administrator. "My gut
feeling is this is the worst year for delinquents," he said.

As of Friday, the city was dealing with 777 delinquent accounts that total
$376,344 in unpaid taxes, Gasch said. That revenue would provide a big boost to
the city's beleaguered budget

"(Conneaut) desperately needs that money," he said. "If we had it we'd be in
pretty good shape."

Delinquencies have jumped the past year, Gasch said. Some $76,672 of the total
was racked up in 2007 alone, he said.

The sour economy is the culprit, Gasch said. Households are being squeezed to
the point where residents feel they can't meet their tax obligations, he said.

"(The economy) is putting us into a bind like everyone else," Gasch said.

The city gives taxpayers every opportunity to pay the money, Gasch said.
Installment plans can be arranged if a lump sum payment isn't possible, he said.

"We hate to turn someone over to a collection agency and summon them into
court," Gasch said.

Even so, the city must often follow that path. Of the 777 pending cases, 268
have been turned over to a collection agency, Gasch said. Some people have been
cited into Conneaut Municipal Court so far this year, a court spokeswoman said.
Several cases are still outstanding, she said.

"We're doing our best to collect," Finance Director John Williams said earlier
this month.

While the majority of delinquents owe relatively small amounts of money, others
are on the hook for very large sums, Gasch said.

"Some owe huge dollars," he said. "Many thousands of dollars."

To see more of the Star Beacon or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.starbeacon.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081019-OB-Income-tax-delinquents-targeted-by-Conneaut-1019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                                 Copyright 2008


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                            October 1, 2012  Monday

Colleges Grapple With Applicants' Criminal Data, Including Juvenile Records

BYLINE: Caitlin Peterkin

SECTION: STUDENTS; Administration

LENGTH: 1179  words

ABSTRACT

Many colleges seek to collect information on juvenile or criminal violations by
applicants, but what admissions officials do with the data varies greatly.

FULL TEXT

College is often a fresh start for students, but some have pasts that follow
them.

Take, for instance, "S.D.," an 18-year-old man from Pennsylvania who wanted to
go to Temple University. When he was 17, he put an image on a file-sharing
network that resulted in his being charged in juvenile court with one count of
disseminating child pornography.

Under the state's Juvenile Act, courts must notify schools of juvenile offenses
by any student. Since the law was enacted, in 2008, it has been interpreted to
apply to elementary and secondary schools. But in the case of S.D., who is
identified in legal records only by his initials, the court notified Temple.

Last month a Pennsylvania appeals court ruled that the Juvenile Act can apply to
colleges and universities. Judge Sallie U. Mundy, of the Pennsylvania Superior
Court, held that an adjudicated delinquent who "presents a danger to elementary,
middle, and high-school students" does not cease "to present a danger once the
delinquent child enrolls in college."

As S.D. remains anonymous and Temple officials have declined to discuss the
case, it is not known how the ruling has affected the student and his
enrollment. Still, the case has raised concerns about whether juvenile and
criminal records should follow a young person, and how exactly a college should
handle that information.

Most states have school-notification laws. Some, as in Texas and Alabama, refer
specifically to elementary or secondary schools, while others, as in
Pennsylvania and Georgia, leave interpretation more open. According to a report
in 2006 by the U.S. Justice Department's Office of Juvenile Justice and
Delinquency Prevention, 44 states had notification laws.

Meanwhile, a majority of colleges seek to collect criminal-justice information,
most commonly through a request for self-disclosure in the admissions process.
Many applications ask students if they have either a juvenile or a criminal
record. The Common Application, for instance, asks if they have "ever been found
responsible for a disciplinary violation" since ninth grade or have "ever been
adjudicated guilty or convicted of a misdemeanor, felony, or other crime." The
latter can apply to juvenile offenses as well.

Youthful Mistakes, Lifelong Penalties

According to a survey in 2009 by the American Association of Collegiate
Registrars and Admissions Officers, or Aacrao, and the Center for Community
Alternatives, 66 percent of colleges collect criminal-justice data.

What to do with that information is a complex question. On the one hand,
colleges want to protect their students and staff from potential criminals, says
Melissa H. Sickmund, interim director of the National Center for Juvenile
Justice, a nonprofit research organization in Reno, Nev. On the other hand, she
says, young people make mistakes and shouldn't have those held against them for
the rest of their lives.

At DePaul University, which asks applicants if they have ever been convicted of
a felony, "yes" answers go before a committee of administrators who decide
whether to admit the student.

"For us, the bigger issue is whether or not someone who has an indiscretion in
the past is likely to be a good and contributing and trusted member of the
university community," says Jon J. Boeckenstedt, DePaul's associate vice
president for enrollment management. "Some people say that you shouldn't allow a
minor indiscretion to determine whether a student should be admitted," he says.
"But it would always be my preference that colleges and universities know that
indiscretion."

Most colleges that collect criminal-background information have introduced
additional steps in the admissions process. Like DePaul, some have special
committees, including, for example, academic deans and campus security officers.
Others require more from the applicant, such as a letter of explanation, an
interview, or the completion of a probation or rehabilitation program.

Colleges may also order background checks on students who disclose an offense
themselves, although the Aacrao survey found that relatively few institutions
run checks in admissions. Colleges that request checks on students tend to do so
for applicants to particular fields, such as the health sciences, that may
involve work in hospitals, says Joe Finley, president of the contractor
Certified Background. The company has worked with colleges for more than six
years, Mr. Finley says, and only a small fraction of those clients use its
services for admissions.

Automatic Denial of Admission

The University of Virginia considered running criminal-background checks on all
students after the 2010 death of Yeardley Love, a senior, and the arrest on
murder charges of George Huguely V, a classmate with a prior arrest unknown to
the university. Campus officials also suggested setting up a system for state
law-enforcement agencies to notify the university of students' arrests. But
months of deliberation led the university to abandon those proposals, and
officials decided instead to ask students to disclose annually whether they had
been arrested or convicted of any crimes. (Mr. Huguely was sentenced in August
to 23 years in prison.)

Whenever discussion of background checks surfaces, often after a tragic event,
experts debate the fairness and value of such measures. A past offense is not
necessarily predictive of a future one, they say.

"Education is such a powerful tool to provide opportunities for young people who
may have made bad choices," says Michael V. Reilly, executive director of
Aacrao. Conducting regular background checks, he says, would be "impeding the
best pathway for somebody to right their lives."

That argument often guides the thinking of committees that review
self-disclosures on applications. Only about 20 percent of colleges
automatically deny admission to youthful offenders, according to the 2009
survey, with most of those policies pertaining to convictions that involve
violence or sexual offenses.

Campus officials distinguish between indiscretions of youth and more serious
crimes, says DePaul's Mr. Boeckenstedt. There is a difference, many argue,
between a student who shoplifted at the age of 14 and one who committed an
assault at 17. In the case of juvenile records, many are expunged or sealed, Mr.
Boeckenstedt says, and so it's "as if the thing never happened in the first
place."

Beyond protecting students and employees, colleges worry about liability in an
incident involving a student with a prior record known to administrators.

Many cases are not clear-cut, says Mr. Boeckenstedt. "At the far ends are the
minor infractions of youth and the violent activities of someone who is almost
an adult: Those are really easy for everyone to say what should or might happen.
That big area in the middle is what's difficult to figure out what's right for
everyone involved," he says. "This is really an extraordinarily difficult area
to navigate."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                              June 25, 2001 Monday

County to auction delinquent properties publicly July 11

SECTION: LOCAL, Pg. 10

LENGTH: 144 words


Sangamon County will auction 115 properties that were delinquent for 1997 and
prior real estate taxes at a public auction at 7 p.m. July 11 at the Prairie
Capital Convention Center.

Bidding will start at $350 per item. Bidders are encouraged to attend the
auction sale.

While written bids are acceptable, the county must receive them at least five
working days before the sale.

They will announce the highest written bid received on a item before the
auctioneer opens the oral bidding.

Each item will sell to the highest bidder.

Sale catalogs are available for $10 at the Sangamon County treasurer's office in
Springfield.

For further information, contact the auction sale department of the Sangamon
County Delinquent Tax Agent's Office at (800) 248-2850 or (618) 656-5744.

Office hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p. m. Monday through Friday.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 11, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Government can get job done, too

BYLINE: Kevin Anderson

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 332 words


Two things to remember if you're thinking about hiring a child-support-
collection agency:

- Commercial dad-hunting is new.  It's nearly unregulated. It's aimed at clients
who are usually desperate and unsophisticated. And it has drawn many rip-off
artists.

- The government can do nearly as well as a collection agency if you know how to
make the system work.

''We encourage people to use the state-enforcement system first,'' says Dennis
Bannon, president of Children Support Services, a national agency based in
Laurel, Md. ''It's free, and it can be effective.''

The government system works best when you know precisely where the absent parent
lives and works. Properly navigated and pressured, state systems can get out an
enforcement letter in a matter of days and get a check garnished in as little as
six weeks. There also are state and federal locator systems that can find a
missing parent for as little as $ 5 if you work them properly.

''Government is slow and sluggish, but if you know the system, follow up and
work within a support group, it can work,'' says Geraldine Jensen, president of
the Association for Children for Enforcement of Support and co- author of How to
Collect Child Support. Three-fourths of parents who use state systems through
the 249 ACES chapters collect support within six months.

If you do use a collection agency, scour the contract for clauses that give the
agency any claim to back support collected by the government or to current
support.

''There are some lowlifes in this business,'' says Bannon. Unlike many agencies,
his charges no application fee, doesn't charge for current support that is
resumed and charges 25% or less of overdue support collected.

Another alternative: Hire a lawyer. While a few work on contingency in
child-support cases, most charge hourly fees and want their $ 3,000 to $ 5,000
retainer upfront. Consider that route only if the absent parent is $ 50,000 or
more in arrears and has cash available.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CHILD-SUPPORT SLEUTHS

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

IRS Reviewing Methods Michigan Counties Have Used to Finance Delinquent Taxes

                             April 7, 1987, Tuesday

By Christopher O'Dea

DATELINE: CHICAGO, April 6


Two forms of tax financing used by most Michigan counties may be banned if the
Internal Revenue Service decides that the structure of the issues does not
comply with the 1986 Tax Reform Act, state officials and lawyers said yesterday.

The Internal Revenue Service has raised questions about the tax exemption of
delinquent tax notes and consolidated tax notes. Counties issue both kinds of
notes to provide money to taxing entities that are waiting to collect delinquent
taxes. State officials estimate that sales of such notes surpassed $750 million
last year.

The IRS review "certainly has called a halt to these two programs," said Joel L.
Piell, chairman of the public finance section of the Detroit based law firm
Miller, Canfield, Paddock and Stone. Several counties have postponed their
planned note sales, and Kent County's $15.5 million issue, which was sold last
month, remains in limbo and has not yet been delivered.

Lawyers from three firms that have in the past given opinions on the tax-exempt
status of delinquent tax notes met with IRS officials Friday, but no decision
was reached.

Bond counsel in the state had relied on two private-letter rulings the service
made in 1978 that permitted Alpena and Oakland counties to issue delinquent tax
notes. Now the IRS is apparently "reconsidering" those rulings, "upon which we
based our consolidated tax note program," Mr. Piell said.

The IRS initiated its review of Michigan delinquent tax notes after it received
an anonymous letter last November about an issue for which Miller Canfield wrote
the legal opinion.

In Michigan, cities collect taxes for counties, school districts, and other
tax-levying bodies, Mr. Piell said. The issuer of the tax notes lends the
proceeds of the issues to various taxing bodies, which later repay the loans.
But the Tax Reform Act of 1986 makes clear that the lending of the proceeds is
not the same as spending the proceeds for a project, according to a Treasury
Department source.

If the proceeds are not considered spent, the issue might be subject to
arbitrage restrictions. The 1978 ruling addressed the question of whether the
local taxes were acquired obligations, which are subject to arbitrage
restrictions. The ruling said they were not acquired obligations, allowing two
counties in Michigan to issue delinquent tax notes.

Terence M. Donnelly, partner at Dickinson, Wright, Moon, Van Dusen & Freeman,
said the proceeds of these issues are invested in the unpaid taxes of the
municipalities for which the notes are issued. If the local taxes are called
acquired obligations, he continued, the invested proceeds of an issue can earn
only up to 1/8% more than the interest rate on the notes, under the new tax law.
The 1978 ruling was needed because county officials feared that the penalties
and late fees on delinquent taxes would, in effect, increase the yield on the
unpaid taxes due; the 1978 ruling said delinquent taxes were not acquired
obligations, he said.

In 1986, 78 of 83 counties in Michigan issued delinquent tax notes totaling $765
million, according to Louis Schimmel, director of the Municipal Advisory Council
of Michigan. The Advisory Council had no figures on the amount of consolidated
tax notes issued, but Mr. Schimmel said such issuance was "very large."

Mr. Piell said the delinquent tax note season was just about to begin, and all
issues are now on hold.

Tax note issues already sold are in various stages of limbo. A $15.5 million
Kent County issue sold to Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. on March 18 is still
on the firm's books in when-issued form, said Edward Fitzpatrick, vice president
and manager of the municipal note department in New York. All the notes have
officially been sold.

Kent County has 45 days from the date of sale to close the deal. While that
delay "may be legal, marketwise, I'm not sure that's the way things ought to
go," said Kent County deputy treasurer Ken Scott. Such a delay is "not fair to
anybody," he added. Both Kent County and Prudential Bache were waiting for bond
counsel Dickinson Wright to advise them about the issue's status.

Mr. Donnelly said this afternoon that the IRS "owes us a phone call." Until IRS
officials say how they have reinterpreted the 1978 rulings in light of the new
tax law, the Kent County issue will not close. "Hopefully, we'll be able to
advise clients soon," Mr. Donnelly said.

Miller Canfield has not issued any delinquent tax note opinions yet this year.
The firm of Dykema, Gossett, Spencer, Goodnow & Trigg has issued several
opinions this year, while Dickinson Wright wrote one opinion.

The loss of delinquent tax notes will be inconvenient and cause short term
problems while school districts adjust their budgets to reflect slower
delinquent tax collections, Mr. Schimmel said. But the amounts funded with such
notes are small enough that most taxing bodies won't be permanently hurt, since
delinquent taxes average 5% of total levies in Michigan, he added.

"We lived without them before, and we can live without them again," Mr. Schimmel
said. Most taxing entities will probably resume issuance of standard tax
anticipation notes to finance taxes they expect to collect in the future, he
said. But the ability to finance delinquencies may be gone.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 889 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             July 4, 2015 Saturday

Isenhart wary of new court-fines collection system

BYLINE: WILLIAM GARBE william.garbe@thmedia.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 411 words


Iowa Rep. Chuck Isenhart, D-Dubuque, is concerned the new court-fines collection
system signed into law Thursday by Gov. Terry Branstad will unfairly
disadvantage delinquent debtors.

The new rules, written into the state's standings appropriations bill, give
court debt-collection responsibilities to a private debt collector 30 days after
payment due dates are missed. Previously, delinquent accounts were handed over
to a collections agency after one year.

Dubuque County Attorney Ralph Potter said the change could force surcharges of
up to 25 percent upon delinquent debtors, although state court officials said
the rate would be negotiated lower.

"So you owe $1,000 (to the court), and all of the sudden it's $1,250 just
because you're one day late? I mean, that's a real heck of a surcharge," Potter
said Thursday, just before Branstad signed the measure into law.

Since Dec. 1, 2010, state officials had worked with a Kansas City, Mo., firm to
collect debts delinquent by at least one year. By October 2013, that firm had
collected $8.9 million - roughly 3 percent of the total amount the firm could
collect, according to the nonpartisan Legislative Services Agency.

The agency reported the new collection system will allow the private firm to
"use more aggressive debt-collecting practices and have longer access to the
newest debt, which is easier to collect."

Isenhart said he urged Branstad, a Republican, to line-item veto the language in
the bill. He said the surcharge, when compounded by other penalties such as the
loss of driving privileges, makes it difficult for debtors to pay their fines.

"I think this language will make the system worse in terms of its eventual
impact. People can't drive, so they can't go to work, so they can't pay their
debt," he said.

Isenhart said he would prefer to see a system through which people assigned
court fees could work out payment plans in person at county offices.

"Basically, you're making people place a long-distance phone call to someone who
may or may not care about their situation," Isenhart said of the private
third-party collection service.

Supporting the change is Iowa State Court Administrator David Boyd, who urged
Branstad to approve the new language.

"Authorizing the Iowa Judicial Branch to assign debt to a private debt collector
at the time the court debt is deemed delinquent will simplify the collections
process and we believe will increase collections revenue," Boyd wrote in a
letter to Branstad.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               December 26, 2014

Distressed Outlook: Big Banks Continue to Whittle Down Legacy Loans

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: DISTRESSED Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 534  words


Â

The nation's largest banks have attacked their delinquent loan portfolios with
gusto, but they may hit barriers in 2015 as they try to further whittle down
their distressed assets.

Some industry experts are predicting anew wave of delinquencies and
foreclosuresin the coming year if interest rates rise, causing home prices to
decline.

Many of the largest banks continue to sell off nonperforming loans. Hedge funds
and private-equity firms have bid up the prices of distressed loans as they seek
to profit from recent home price increases, which could abate in the coming
year.

Bank of America has made the greatest strides in whittling down its distressed
assets afterselling off more than $1 trillion in nonperforming loanssince 2009.
The $2.1 trillion-asset bank in Charlotte, N.C., held 221,000 delinquent loans
on its balance sheet in the third quarter, a 44% drop from a year earlier.

About three-quarters of its nonperforming loans are legacy assets from its 2008
acquisition of Countrywide Financial. B of A held roughly $10 billion in
nonperforming residential mortgage loans at the end of the third quarter, and
$32 billion in delinquent loans inherited from Countrywide. Those totals exclude
home equity loans and lines of credit.

B of A has estimated that it will get back to anormal level of delinquent loans
by 2016.Some analysts think that is an optimistic assessment, since some loans
probably cannot be sold, and working out problem loans - especially those at the
bottom of the barrel - is notoriously slow and labor intensive.

Meanwhile, Wells Fargo held roughly $10.7 billion of loans that were 30 days or
more delinquent in the third quarter, according to the bank's 3Q14 earnings. It
also holds $46.4 billion in legacy loans in its Pick-a-Pay mortgage portfolio
acquired from its 2008 purchase of Wachovia.

Overall, the seven largest banks and one large thrift saw an improvement in the
number of seriously delinquent loans held on their balance sheets at the end of
the third quarter, as of Sept. 30 according to a December report from theOffice
of the Comptroller of the Currency.

Roughly 5.2% or 117,673 residential mortgages were seriously delinquent at the
end of the third quarter, down from 5.5% a year earlier, the report found. The
reporting banks include Bank of America, J.P. Morgan Chase, Citibank, HSBC, PNC,
U.S. Bank, and Wells Fargo, while OneWest Bank is the largest thrift.

But the report also noted that about 8% of mortgages held in bank portfolios
lack credit scores at origination and are a mix of prime, Alt-A, and subprime
mortgages.

"Since 2009, mortgages owned by the servicers have performed worse than
mortgages serviced for (Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) because of concentrations in
nontraditional loans, weaker markets, and delinquent loans repurchased from
investors," the OCC said.

Large bank lenders have opted to sell defaulted loans to avoid the high costs of
servicing and holding the debt.Large banksin particular have relied on sales of
mortgage servicing rights, as well as servicing transfers, pay-downs and payoffs
to reduce their holdings of nonperforming loans. An estimated $60 billion in
nonperforming loans is expected to have changed hands in 2014.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 2, 2012 Monday

Spartanburg County's delinquent tax sale starts at 10 a.m. Monday

BYLINE: Jenny Arnold, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


April 02--Hundreds of interested bidders have signed up to bid in Spartanburg
County's delinquent tax sale today.

The tax sale, which will be held in council chambers at the County
Administration Building, 366 N. Church St., will start at 10 a.m. and includes
more than 500 properties worth about $1 million to be auctioned, interim Tax
Collector Don Arnold said. Owners failed to pay taxes on all of the properties.

"Opening bids will include all delinquent taxes, penalties and costs, in
addition to taxes owed for the current year on individual properties," Arnold
said last month.

Arnold said Sunday that 300 people have pre-registered to bid, and his office
will register any last minute bidders early this morning before the sale.

"We won't turn anyone away," he said.

With 300 people signed up to bid, Arnold said there is a lot of interest in this
year's sale.

"We've had a really good response," he said. "On the other hand, we've had a lot
of folks who have come in and paid their taxes. That's a great thing too."

When the sale was announced last month, there were 1,000 properties up for
auction, valued at $2 million. Today, there will be 520 properties up for bid,
Arnold said.

The sale will continue until 4 p.m., unless all delinquent taxes are collected
before then. A break is scheduled from 1-2 p.m. If necessary, the sale will
resume at 9 a.m. Tuesday.

It is an open bid sale, bidders bid at their own risk and must use their
numbered bidder cards in order to place bids.

"Each property is sold 'as is' and Spartanburg County makes no warranty express
or implied and no representation whatsoever, including but not limited to, the
value of the property, the size, shape, boundaries, location or physical
characteristics, the number or condition of any buildings or improvements, or
the quality of the title, or warranty as to the fitness for any purpose, and
Spartanburg County urges bidders to research all properties and obtain legal
advice before placing bids," Arnold said.

All sales are final, and all bids must be paid by cash, certified check or
credit card by the end of the sale or by a time set by the tax collector.
Failure to pay results in $300 charges for each bid.

Anyone with questions can call Spartanburg County's Delinquent Tax Office at
596-2597.

___ (c)2012 the Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) Visit the
Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) at www.GoUpstate.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120402-SG-Spartanburg-County-s-delinquent
-tax-sale-starts-at-10-a-m-Monday-20120402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2012 Herald-Journal


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               December 26, 2014

Distressed Outlook: Big Banks Continue to Whittle Down Legacy Loans

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: DISTRESSED Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 535  words


Â

The nation's largest banks have attacked their delinquent loan portfolios with
gusto, but they may hit barriers in 2015 as they try to further whittle down
their distressed assets.

Some industry experts are predicting anew wave of delinquencies and
foreclosuresin the coming year if interest rates rise, causing home prices to
decline.

Many of the largest banks continue to sell off nonperforming loans. Hedge funds
and private-equity firms have bid up the prices of distressed loans as they seek
to profit from recent home price increases, which could abate in the coming
year.

Bank of America has made the greatest strides in whittling down its distressed
assets afterÂ selling off more than $1 trillion in nonperforming loanssince
2009. The $2.1 trillion-asset bank in Charlotte, N.C., held 221,000 delinquent
loans on its balance sheet in the third quarter, a 44% drop from a year earlier.

About three-quarters of its nonperforming loans are legacy assets from its 2008
acquisition of Countrywide Financial. B of A held roughly $10 billion in
nonperforming residential mortgage loans at the end of the third quarter, and
$32 billion in delinquent loans inherited from Countrywide. Those totals exclude
home equity loans and lines of credit.

B of A has estimated that it will get back to anormal level of delinquent loans
by 2016.Some analysts think that is an optimistic assessment, since some loans
probably cannot be sold, and working out problem loans - especially those at the
bottom of the barrel - is notoriously slow and labor intensive.

Meanwhile, Wells Fargo held roughly $10.7 billion of loans that were 30 days or
more delinquent in the third quarter, according to the bank's 3Q14 earnings. It
also holds $46.4 billion in legacy loans in its Pick-a-Pay mortgage portfolio
acquired from its 2008 purchase of Wachovia.

Overall, the seven largest banks and one large thrift saw an improvement in the
number of seriously delinquent loans held on their balance sheets at the end of
the third quarter, as of Sept. 30 according to a December report from theOffice
of the Comptroller of the Currency.

Roughly 5.2% or 117,673 residential mortgages were seriously delinquent at the
end of the third quarter, down from 5.5% a year earlier, the report found. The
reporting banks include Bank of America, J.P. Morgan Chase, Citibank, HSBC, PNC,
U.S. Bank, and Wells Fargo, while OneWest Bank is the largest thrift.

But the report also noted that about 8% of mortgages held in bank portfolios
lack credit scores at origination and are a mix of prime, Alt-A, and subprime
mortgages.

"Since 2009, mortgages owned by the servicers have performed worse than
mortgages serviced for (Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) because of concentrations in
nontraditional loans, weaker markets, and delinquent loans repurchased from
investors," the OCC said.

Large bank lenders have opted to sell defaulted loans to avoid the high costs of
servicing and holding the debt.Large banksin particular have relied on sales of
mortgage servicing rights, as well as servicing transfers, pay-downs and payoffs
to reduce their holdings of nonperforming loans. An estimated $60 billion in
nonperforming loans is expected to have changed hands in 2014.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

United States Courts Opinions: Supreme Court of New York: Matter of Dylan P.

LENGTH: 990  words

DATELINE: Albany


Supreme Court of New York has issued the following order:


Matter of Dylan P.
2014 NY Slip Op 07357
Decided on October 29, 2014
Appellate Division, Second Department
Published by New York State Law Reporting Bureau pursuant to Judiciary Law §
431.
This opinion is uncorrected and subject to revision before publication in the
Official Reports.


Decided on October 29, 2014 SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK Appellate
Division, Second Judicial Department
REINALDO E. RIVERA, J.P.
L. PRISCILLA HALL
LEONARD B. AUSTIN
JEFFREY A. COHEN, JJ.

2014-00589
(Docket No. D-15678-13)

[*1]In the Matter of Dylan P. (Anonymous), appellant.


Seymour W. James, Jr., New York, N.Y. (Tamara A. Steckler, Catherine Wise, and
Raymond E. Rogers of counsel), for appellant.

Zachary W. Carter, Corporation Counsel, New York, N.Y. (Francis F. Caputo,
Elizabeth I. Freedman, and Hanh H. Le of counsel), for respondent.


DECISION & ORDER

In a juvenile delinquency proceeding pursuant to Family Court Act article 3,
Dylan P. appeals from an order of disposition of the Family Court, Kings County
(Olshansky, J.), dated January 6, 2014, which, upon a fact-finding order of the
same court dated September 9, 2013, made upon his admission, finding that he
committed acts which, if committed by an adult, would have constituted the crime
of criminal mischief in the fourth degree, and after a dispositional hearing,
adjudged him to be a juvenile delinquent and placed him on probation for a
period of 12 months.

ORDERED that the order of disposition is modified, on the facts and in the
exercise of discretion, by deleting the provision thereof adjudicating the
appellant a juvenile delinquent and substituting therefor a provision
adjudicating the appellant a person in need of supervision; as so modified, the
order of disposition is affirmed, without costs or disbursements.

The appellant admitted to committing acts which, if committed by an adult, would
have constituted the crime of criminal mischief in the fourth degree. At the
dispositional hearing, the appellant argued that he should be adjudicated a
person in need of supervision (see generally Family Ct Act § 712[a]) rather than
a juvenile delinquent, and that he should receive a 12-month period of probation
upon his adjudication as a person in need of supervision. He argued that this
disposition would provide him with the necessary level of probation supervision
and services without adding the stigma of a juvenile delinquency adjudication.
The Family Court rejected the appellant's argument, adjudged him to be a
juvenile delinquent, and imposed a 12-month period of probation. On appeal, the
appellant argues that he should have been adjudicated a person in need of
supervision rather than a juvenile delinquent, and that the disposition imposed
was not the least restrictive available alternative.

"If, upon the conclusion of the dispositional hearing, the court determines that
the respondent requires supervision, treatment or confinement, the court shall
enter a finding that such respondent is a juvenile delinquent and order an
appropriate disposition pursuant to [Family Court Act] section 352.2" (Family Ct
Act § 352.1[1]). "If, upon the conclusion of the dispositional hearing, the
court determines that the respondent does not require supervision, treatment or
confinement, the petition shall be dismissed" (Family Ct Act § 352.1[2]).

Alternatively, however, "[a]t the conclusion of the dispositional hearing the
court, upon motion of the respondent or its own motion, may in its discretion
and with the consent of the respondent, substitute a finding that the respondent
is a person in need of supervision for a finding [*2]that the respondent is a
juvenile delinquent" (Family Ct Act § 311.4[2]; cf. Matter of Sheifa R., 57 AD3d
678; Matter of Michael OO., 53 AD3d 709, 710).

This juvenile delinquency proceeding was commenced as a result of an argument
between the appellant, then age 14, and his mother in their home. After the
argument escalated, the appellant punched and damaged a television that belonged
to his mother. The appellant has no prior delinquency finding, and he accepted
responsibility for his actions. Further, the appellant's mother made great
efforts to play an active and positive role in the appellant's home and school
life. While the record shows that appellant had a history of curfew violations
and several school absences, it further demonstrates that he was making
significant improvements in these areas by the close of the dispositional
hearing. The court could have required the Probation Department or another
agency to monitor the appellant's school attendance and curfew without adding
the stigma of a juvenile delinquent adjudication (see Matter of Jeffrey C., 47
AD3d 433, 434; see also Matter of Ellery C., 32 NY2d 588, 590; Matter of
Jeanette P., 34 AD2d 661, 661).

Under the particular circumstances of this case, the appellant should have been
adjudicated a person in need of supervision rather than a juvenile delinquent
(see Matter of Jeffrey C., 47 AD3d at 434; cf. Matter of Jonathan M., 107 AD3d
805, 807; Matter of Sheifa R., 57 AD3d at 678; Matter of Michael OO., 53 AD3d at
710; Matter of Rosemary R., 29 AD3d 309), and we exercise our discretion under
Family Court Act § 311.4(2) to modify the order of disposition accordingly.

The 12-month period of probation imposed by the Family Court is an appropriate
means to ensure that the appellant continues to attend school regularly and
comply with his curfew. Thus, the portion of the order of disposition imposing
this period of probation, with certain enumerated terms and conditions, need not
be disturbed (see Family Ct Act § 757; 22 NYCRR 205.66; see also Matter of
Michael OO., 37 AD3d 1002, 1003).

RIVERA, J.P., HALL, AUSTIN and COHEN, JJ., concur.
ENTER:

Aprilanne Agostino

Clerk of the Court

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 14, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

How delinquent tax filers fared

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 30 words


More than 140,000 delinquent income tax returns have been filed under a new IRS
program. Outcome for filers: Received refund: 45%
Owed money:      55%

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, color, Nick Galifianakis, USA TODAY, Source: IRS (Pie chart)

TYPE: Snapshot

A look at statistics that shape the nation

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday

Delinquent parcels breed in Monessen

BYLINE: by KATE WILCOX

LENGTH: 1053 words


Monessen officials say a perfect storm of lost industry and plummeting
population has saddled the city with an unwelcome distinction - more than half
of the 539 properties in Westmoreland County's repository of tax-delinquent
parcels are in the struggling river town.

Although other communities with comparable or larger populations, such as
Jeannette and New Kensington, have weathered crippling economic blows, Monessen,
with 7,700 residents, has about 12 times as many parcels - 273 - on the list of
delinquent properties as either of those towns.

The cache holds real estate that is at least two years delinquent on local and
county taxes and has been put up for sheriff's sale but not sold.

Although Monessen has attempted to demolish its blocks of ramshackle, sometimes
collapsing residential and commercial buildings, city officials say there is not
enough money to raze every blighted building.

Westmoreland County Commissioner Charles Anderson said the success of one town
over another comes down to a community's mindset and the ability of a mayor and
council to make difficult decisions.

"Sometimes, it has to be tough love," he said. "Sometimes, you have to make the
hard decisions."

Using an analogy from his career as a Marine Corps pilot, Anderson said, "You
get into a death spiral, (and) you need to get out of that thing before you hit
the ground."

For Monessen to pull out of its spiral, two things must happen, according to Liz
Hersh, executive director of the Pennsylvania Housing Alliance.

Strict code enforcement is crucial along with careful crafting of a process to
obtain delinquent properties, then demolish or rehabilitate them, Hersh said.

"The biggest failure (comes with) not trying," she added.

"Maybe we can't get the big steel mill back to Monessen, but can we have houses
that have acres of garden space?" Hersh asked.

Echoing Anderson, Hersh said the real key is strong community leadership and
community support.

Monessen's stab at dealing with its blighted properties has divided the
community and sparked bitter political skirmishes that many believe resulted in
Mayor Mary Jo Smith's defeat in the May primary.

Blight spreads

Smith was the leading proponent of a controversial plan called "Monessen
Rising," which called for buying delinquent parcels from the county and
reselling them to artists looking for low-cost properties where they can live,
work and sell their wares.

Smith and other officials enlisted the aid of two Staten Island, N.Y.,
developers, who met stiff opposition along with jeers and shouts when they
discussed the plan at public meetings.

During a recent tour of houses in the county's supply, Smith gestured to a home
without stairs leading to the splintered front porch that is home to a stray cat
living inside a discarded playpen.

"If you lived next to this, would you fix your house up?" she asked.

It's a story that plays out in many neighborhoods across the city.

On some streets, Smith said, it can be difficult to distinguish between homes on
the county's list of delinquent homes and those that are occupied but have been
neglected.

Brian Jensen, executive director of the Pennsylvania Economy League of Greater
Pittsburgh, agreed.

"Once a particular house gets blighted, there's a tendency for that rot to
spread," Jensen said. "Once you get a critical mass of abandoned properties, the
markets tend to depress, just from being a certain distance from a foreclosed
home."

Monessen's aging population has played a role, according to city administrator
John Harhai, who on a recent tour of the city pointed to a house that belonged
to an elderly woman who had moved out of the state to live with her children.

"They can't sell it, can't afford to keep it up," Harhai said. "They feel bad,
but here it sits."

Because real estate was considerably cheaper in Western Pennsylvania during the
housing boom six or seven years ago, many out-of-state corporations purchased
multiple properties in Monessen and other towns sight unseen with the hope of
turning a profit when the market surged.

Many walked away when the recession struck. Some of those companies were each
responsible for 10 or 20 properties on the delinquency list, records show.

Tales of two cities

Like Monessen, New Kensington has battled its share of problems, including
serious crime, an aging population and a depressed economy.

Although with 13,000 residents it is larger than Monessen, it was dealt a
significant blow when Alcoa vacated its research labs off Freeport and Edgewood
roads.

But officials never let that exodus trigger a landslide of vacant, blighted
buildings, which is why it has only 20 properties in the county's cache today,
said Kim McAfoose, executive director or New Kensington's Redevelopment
Authority.

Years ago, she said, particularly tenacious officials began the practice of
buying delinquent properties, then quickly demolishing them.

By courting new businesses and condemning and demolishing unusable properties,
the city attracted businesses such as Geo-Solutions and a branch campus of
Westmoreland County Community College.

"It's a pretty inviting place to do business, and we're going to continue to
keep it that way," Mayor Tom Guzzo said.

For some time, Jeannette has been dangerously close to falling under state
oversight because of its deep financial difficulties.

The loss of Jeannette's glass-making industry, coupled with an aging and
decreasing population, could have spawned a surge in abandoned, tax-delinquent
properties.

Even so, the city, with 2,000 fewer residents than Monessen, has not let that
happen. Records show Jeannette has only 23 homes on the county's list of
seriously delinquent properties that have gone unsold at sheriff's sales.

As the glass industry waned, city officials encouraged the growth of other
businesses, such as Elliott Co., which deals in turbo machinery and employs
about 900 workers.

With limited funding, Monessen has chosen to demolish unsalvageable vacant
houses at a cost of $20,000 each, then try to sell the vacant plots to
neighbors.

But the city lacks the money to purchase and demolish all of its blighted
properties, Smith said.

Anderson said the county is working with Monessen to obtain a $400,000 grant to
purchase additional homes.

Kate Wilcox is a staff writer for Trib Total Media.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 10, 2013 Monday

Connecticut: Proposed S.B. No. 145

LENGTH: 148 words

DATELINE: Hartford


Office of the Connecticut House of Representatives has issued the following
bill:

AN ACT AUTHORIZING MUNICIPALITIES TO WAIVE DELINQUENT PROPERTY TAX PENALTIES FOR
CERTAIN MILITARY PERSONNEL.

To permit towns to waive delinquent property tax interest and penalties for
members of the armed forces.

Introduced by: Sen. Jason C. Welch, 31st Dist.

For further information please visit: http://www.cga.ct.gov/
 Connecticut:  Proposed S.B. No. 145    Staff Reporter  Hartford, Jun. 10 --
Office of the Connecticut House of Representatives has issued the following
bill:  AN ACT AUTHORIZING MUNICIPALITIES TO WAIVE DELINQUENT PROPERTY TAX
PENALTIES FOR CERTAIN MILITARY PERSONNEL.  To permit towns to waive delinquent
property tax interest and penalties for members of the armed forces.  Introduced
by: Sen. Jason C. Welch, 31st Dist.  For further information please visit:
http://www.cga.ct.gov/ </BODY>

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Sinnott to present 2015 city budget proposal tonight

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 286 words


Nov. 19--Erie Mayor Joe Sinnott will present his 2015 city budget proposal
tonight, but he's not talking about the details of the spending plan.

"We are still working on it," Sinnott said Monday. He declined to discuss
specifics, including whether the proposal includes a property tax increase for
city residents.

Sinnott will present his budget at Erie City Council's regular meeting tonight
in Bagnoni Council Chambers at City Hall, 626 State St.

The meeting will start at 7:30 p.m. The city's $69.7 million city budget for
2014 increased sewer and garbage fees, a move that helped spark debate over more
than $2 million in delinquent refuse fee revenues. The city and Erie Water Works
worked together to change billing procedures, so that garbage and sewer bills
are now combined.

Collection rules were also amended, which means that now, customer payments
apply to the most delinquent charges first.

Because a customer's payment is now applied first to the most delinquent
charges, someone who is extremely late on garbage payments would see that
payment go toward the late refuse bill, which would leave the sewer bill unpaid.

Under state law, Erie Water Works can now legally shut off water service, which
is billed separately, to a customer for delinquent sewer charges. City and Erie
Water Works officials believe that change will prompt many overdue customers who
fear losing water service to pay their delinquent bills.

City Council has until Dec. 31 to pass a budget.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141119-EI-Sinnott-to-present-2015-city-budget-proposal-tonight-1119-20141119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               December 29, 2014

Distressed: Big Banks Continue to Whittle Down Legacy Loans

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT: OUTLOOK 2015; Pg. 8 Vol. 39 No. 14

LENGTH: 535  words


The nation's largest banks have attacked their delinquent loan portfolios with
gusto, but they may hit barriers in 2015 as they try to further whittle down
their distressed assets.

Some industry experts are predicting a new wave of delinquencies and
foreclosures in the coming year if interest rates rise, causing home prices to
decline.

Many of the largest banks continue to sell off nonperforming loans. Hedge funds
and private-equity firms have bid up the prices of distressed loans as they seek
to profit from recent home price increases, which could abate in the coming
year.

Bank of America has made the greatest strides in whittling down its distressed
assets after selling off more than $1 trillion in nonperforming loans since
2009. The $2.1 trillion-asset bank in Charlotte, N.C., held 221,000 delinquent
loans on its balance sheet in the third quarter, a 44% drop from a year earlier.

About three-quarters of its nonperforming loans are legacy assets from its 2008
acquisition of Countrywide Financial. B of A held roughly $10 billion in
nonperforming residential mortgage loans at the end of the third quarter, and
$32 billion in delinquent loans inherited from Countrywide. Those totals exclude
home equity loans and lines of credit.

B of A has estimated that it will get back to a normal level of delinquent loans
by 2016. Some analysts think that is an optimistic assessment, since some loans
probably cannot be sold, and working out problem loans - especially those at the
bottom of the barrel - is notoriously slow and labor intensive.

Meanwhile, Wells Fargo held roughly $10.7 billion of loans that were 30 days or
more delinquent in the third quarter, according to the bank's 3Q14 earnings. It
also holds $46.4 billion in legacy loans in its Pick-a-Pay mortgage portfolio
acquired from its 2008 purchase of Wachovia.

Overall, the seven largest banks and one large thrift saw an improvement in the
number of seriously delinquent loans held on their balance sheets at the end of
the third quarter, as of Sept. 30 according to a December report from the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency.

Roughly 5.2% or 117,673 residential mortgages were seriously delinquent at the
end of the third quarter, down from 5.5% a year earlier, the report found. The
reporting banks include Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citibank, HSBC, PNC,
U.S. Bank, and Wells Fargo, while OneWest Bank is the largest thrift.

But the report also noted that about 8% of mortgages held in bank portfolios
lack credit scores at origination and are a mix of prime, alt-A and subprime
mortgages.

"Since 2009, mortgages owned by the servicers have performed worse than
mortgages serviced for (Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) because of concentrations in
nontraditional loans, weaker markets, and delinquent loans repurchased from
investors," the OCC said.

Large bank lenders have opted to sell defaulted loans to avoid the high costs of
servicing and holding the debt. Large banks in particular have relied on sales
of mortgage servicing rights, as well as servicing transfers, pay-downs and
payoffs to reduce their holdings of nonperforming loans. An estimated $60
billion in nonperforming loans is expected to have changed hands in 2014.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 9, 2010 Sunday

Erie owed $1.15 million in delinquent refuse bills

BYLINE: Mike Maciag, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 556 words


May 9--Some Erie residents and landlords have started to pay off years of
overdue garbage bills, but new delinquencies continue to pile up.

The city was owed nearly $1.15 million in overdue refuse payments and penalties
at the end of April, according to Erie Water Works, which handles the bills.

City officials considered ideas to combat the delinquencies after the Erie
Times-News first published a report on the overdue bills in January. But the
officials have not decided what, if any, action to take.

City officials, citing health concerns, have said City Hall will not stop
picking up garbage if an account is delinquent.

As of Tuesday, 2,340 accounts were at least six months behind.

City Councilman Mark Aleksandrowicz had been one of the delinquent account
holders.

He owed a total of $475.82 for four rental properties on Tuesday, according to
refuse records. The account for Aleksandrowicz's residence, on Lighthouse Street
in the city, was not delinquent.

Aleksandrowicz's overdue accounts were paid after the Erie Times-News contacted
him about the delinquencies on Thursday.

Aleksandrowicz, president and general manager of Alek's Powersports in Millcreek
Township, had said he couldn't pay because of cash-flow shortages and mortgage
payments on his four low-income rental properties.

"I'm kind of caught in the same boat as one or two thousand legitimate people
and thousands of illegitimate people," he said. "Because I'm elected doesn't
mean that I'm immune" to the same problems others have.

Like many landlords, Aleksandrowicz said vacancies, evictions and remodeling
costs hurt his pocketbook.

"It's a big game of musical chairs," he said. "People can't pay, and they get
evicted."

City Finance Director Paul Lichtenwalter said many people are paying overdue
bills, but others are getting added to the list of delinquencies.

"People are paying these bills, it's just that people are getting a little more
behind than they want to be," he said.

Councilman Joe Schember said hiring a collection agency and offering an amnesty
period were the two most likely options City Council could consider.

An amnesty period could entice some customers to pay by eliminating or reducing
attached penalties.

Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco also previously suggested the city should
explore whether a collection agency could help the city to recoup some of the
overdue money.

But Mayor Joe Sinnott said Friday that an amnesty period wouldn't help the city,
and hiring a collection agency was not legally possible.

"We'll follow what we're able to do according to the law and according to the
processes," he said.

Although some people have put off paying refuse bills for years, they'll have to
pay up eventually.

Erie Water Works files liens against delinquent properties after multiple
notices are sent to property owners.

"We are getting these paid as properties change hands," Sinnott said.

MIKE MACIAG can be reached at 870-1776 or by e-mail.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100509-EI-Erie-owed-1.15-million-in-delinquent-refuse-bills-0509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2010 Erie Times-News


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

BRIEF: Further Improvement in MGIC Delinquency

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 209 words


Dec. 09--The inventory of delinquent policies fell to the lowest level in years
at MGIC Guaranty Insurance Corp. New business, meanwhile, slowed.

New policies written on residential loans totaled $2.2 billion during November,
monthly operating data indicated.

Business fell from October, when $2.4 billion in home loans were insured.

A year earlier, activity totaled $2.2 billion.

From Jan. 1 through Nov. 30, volume at the Milwaukee-based company amounted to
$27.7 billion.

MGIC's delinquent inventory ended last month at 104,637 policies, falling from
109,629 at the end of October.

At the same point in 2012, the delinquent inventory was 143,153.

It was the fewest number of delinquent policies since at least March 2010.

Using an estimated 965,226 policies in force, the estimated delinquency rate at
the mortgage insurance company was 10.84 percent as of Nov. 30.

The estimated past-due rate fell from a month earlier, when it was 11.33
percent. The rate improved even more significantly compared to a year earlier,
when it stood at an estimated 14.13 percent.

The estimated rate has been lower each month since July 2012, when it was 14.75
percent.

___ (c)2013 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131209-1MG-BRF-Further-Improvement-in-MGIC-Delinquency-1209-20131209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2013


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            February 27, 2011 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

IRS EASES RULES ON LIENS FOR DELINQUENT TAXPAYERS;

BYLINE: From wire reports<P>

SECTION: E; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 522 words


The Internal Revenue Service says it's trying to help people who are struggling
to pay delinquent tax bills, so it's reducing the number of property liens and
easing rules for small businesses to enter into installment agreements.

As the economy has soured, the agency has filed an increasing number of liens on
property owned by delinquent taxpayers. The IRS filed nearly 1.1 million liens
in the budget year that ended in September, compared with 426,000 in 2001.

The steps will double the amount of back taxes a person can owe before facing a
possible lien. Previously, taxpayers who owed at least $5,000 and ignored
numerous IRS notices would get an automatic lien placed on their property. Under
the new policy, the threshold is increased to $10,000.

The change will make it easier for people to have liens withdrawn once tax bills
are paid or they start paying under certain installment plans. More taxpayers
can settle their tax debt for less than they owe, if they meet certain income
and debt requirements.

Small businesses with larger delinquent tax bills will be eligible for 24-month
payment plans. Previously, the tax bill had to be less than $10,000; now it's up
to $25,000.

Liens are notices filed in land records to ensure the government can collect
back taxes when property is sold. They also alert potential creditors and
employers that property owners owe back taxes.

Even once tax bills are paid and liens removed, they can remain on credit
reports for years, hurting the ability of taxpayers to get loans or even a job,
said Nina E. Olson, the National Taxpayer Advocate, an internal watchdog within
the IRS.

<b>TAX BREAK FOR SAME-SEX COUPLES</b>

Many same-sex couples are getting a tax break this year from the IRS, according
to new requirements to report their combined income on federal tax returns.

Under "income splitting," the IRS is requiring all same-sex married couples or
registered domestic partners in Washington state, California and Nevada to
divide their combined income equally and report it on their separate tax
returns.

For some couples, it will mean more money in their 2010 refund; for others,
they'll pay more in taxes.

Either way, the change is significant, both monetarily and emotionally,
officials of Lambda Legal, the national gay and lesbian legal rights group, said
Tuesday in a conference call with reporters.

Those who will save the most are same-sex couples with the biggest disparities
in income. For instance, a couple where one earns $100,000 and the other is a
stay-at-home spouse with little or no income, will split their combined
community earnings on their individual tax returns, with each reporting $50,000
in income. The result: an overall lower tax bill for both.

To illustrate, Lambda officials cited the example of a hypothetical couple:
"David," an attorney earning $225,000, and "Richard," a librarian with $20,000
in income, would see a combined savings of $6,824 in taxes.

The IRS ruling applies in only those states that have community property laws
and that recognize married same-sex couples and registered domestic partners.

<b>TYPE:</b> Column: You and Your Taxes

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

BRIEF: Delinquent mortgages decline in metro Toledo

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 167 words


June 07--The share of metro Toledo homeÂ­owners with delinquent mortgages
decreased in March for the second consecutive month, a study shows.

The proportion of local mortgages with loan payments late by 90 days or more
dropped to 6.72 percent in March from 6.98 percent in February and 7.43 percent
a year earlier, according to CoreÂ­Logic Inc., a California real estate data
firm. The study, released Monday, shows Ohio's serious home-loan delinquency
rate at 6.72 percent in March, down from 7.22 percent a year earlier.

CoreLogic said 3.69 percent of mortgages in metro Toledo and 3.50 percent in
Ohio were in foreclosure in March. Both figures are higher than in March, 2010.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110607-TO-BRF-Delinquent
-mortgages-decline-in-metro-Toledo-0607-20110607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 30, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

IRS settles for less

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 38 words


In the past two years, the IRS has collected settlements of $ 143 million from
delinquent taxpayers who owed $ 676 million. Percentage of delinquent taxes
collected:
1991      26.6%
1992      16.1%

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, color, Pat Joy and Suzy Parker, USA TODAY, Source: National
Taxpayers Union (Diagram)

TYPE: Snapshot

A look at statistics that shape the nation

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

S&P: Wayne Charter County, MI GO Bond Rating Lowered To 'BBB' From 'BBB+'

SECTION: MARKET NEWS Vol. 122 No. 93

LENGTH: 524  words


Standard & Poor's Ratings Services has lowered its rating on Wayne Charter
County, Mich.'s limited-tax general obligation (GO) bonds to 'BBB' from 'BBB+'.
The outlook is stable. At the same time, Standard & Poor's assigned its 'SP-1'
rating to the county's limited tax GO delinquent tax notes.

"The downgrade reflects ongoing financial deterioration caused primarily by a
prolonged structural imbalance," said Standard & Poor's credit analyst Jane
Ridley.

The rating on the notes is based on our assessment of the following credit
factors:

"o Good projected coverage when incorporating additional liquidity and other
pledged revenues; "oÂ "o Strong history of collections; and "oÂ "o Limited-tax
GO pledge."oÂ The 2012 real property taxes due to Wayne County, outstanding and
uncollected as of May 15, 2013, and the county's limited-tax GO pledge secure
the series 2013 notes. Pledged revenues securing the notes include $300.7
million of 2012 delinquent property taxes and fees estimated to be delinquent
after May 15, 2013.

However, only $238 million of that amount is expected to be available during the
amortization period of the notes. The notes are being issued as fixed rate with
no put feature.

These notes are being issued as pari passu with any other future notes secured
by 2012 delinquent taxes. Should additional notes be sold in variable-rate mode,
it is Standard & Poor's understanding and expectation that future structures
will not include a put unless there is a liquidity facility.

The 'BBB' rating on the county's series GO limited and unlimited bonds reflects
our view of the following credit factors:

"o Economic diversification beyond the city of Detroit and a relatively diverse
tax base; "oÂ "o Demonstrated strides toward stabilizing financial operations
through an agreement with the Third Circuit Court; "oÂ "o A good financial
management profile that includes development and implementation of policies
designed to improve operational efficiencies across the organization; and "oÂ "o
A debt burden we consider moderate."o Â Offsetting factors include our view of:

"o A negative unreserved general fund balance that continues to grow and a
significantly reduced cash position;"oÂ "o Significant challenges in the form of
falling revenues, rising expenditures, pressure from expenditures outside county
management's control, and a challenged economic climate; "oÂ "o Significant
economic pressures given falling property values and the related implication for
property tax revenues; and "oÂ "o Economic indicators we consider just
adequate."oÂ The stable outlook reflects Standard & Poor's expectation that
Wayne County will continue to work toward regaining structural balance and that
its progress will be observable over the outlook's two-year time horizon. Should
the county's financial condition deteriorate significantly, Standard & Poor's
could lower the rating.

Given the challenges to date and the county's ongoing need to make changes with
both long- and short-term impacts, we do not expect to raise the rating during
the course of the outlook period.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday

Columbia Acts To Tighten Its Belt;
School District Gets Help With Tax Collection, Energy Consumption

BYLINE: James Buescher, Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY JAMES BUESCHER

Layoffs, bank collapses and a mortgage meltdown: bad times may have hit the
nation's private sector, but that doesn't mean the same effects are being felt
in the Columbia Borough School District.

At least, not yet.

Laura Cowburn, assistant to the superintendent for business services, said
Tuesday "things are fine" with the district's financial picture. However, she
said Columbia officials are bracing for the possibility of a very different
2009-10 school year.

"So far, the only big change we've seen is in interest rates. We have seen some
fluctuations with our returns on investments, but, for the most part, the wave
hasn't hit us yet," Cowburn said.

The school board acted Feb. 19 to improve its balance sheet by turning over
$570,377.98 in delinquent real estate taxes and real estate interim taxes to the
Lancaster County Tax Collection Bureau for collection. At the same meeting, the
board voted to hand over about $28,000 worth of delinquent per capita taxes to
the Halifax-based collection agency of Powell, Rogers & Speaks for collection.

Both those numbers, Cowburn said, are in line with delinquent taxes from
previous years.

"We have about a 93 percent collection rate when it comes to real estate taxes
in Columbia, and ($570,377.98) is in the ballpark when it comes to delinquent
taxes," Cowburn said. "It's something that we budget for, actually. ... When it
comes to collecting taxes we hope that everyone will be responsible, but we're
also realistic."

Because Columbia has a larger-than-normal transient population - such as
relatives temporarily moving in with extended-family members - the school
district collects only about 75 percent of its annual per capita tax. Therefore,
Cowburn said, the $28,000 is "right in line" with the school district's finances
before the economic crash this past fall.

"The way we collect taxes is that we start right after the commencement of the
fiscal year July 1, so the truth is we already had most of our taxes in before
the financial crisis began in earnest," she said.

"It's very, very hard to try and peer into the crystal ball for the 2009-10
school year, Cowburn said, "so for us, the best thing we can do is start
cost-saving measures now, and hope for the best."

Steps taken for next year, Cowburn said, include authorizing an "energy audit"
by The Ryan Corp. of Pittsburgh to take a look at ways the school district could
cut costs.

Columbia's energy audit, she said, began this past fall and has been ongoing
throughout the winter.

Keith Venessey, Ryan chief executive officer, said Tuesday, "Our goal is to look
for errors in billing or opportunities to reduce costs, whatever we can find to
help our clients save money."

Founded in 1990, Venessey's company has worked with more than 80 school
districts in the state plus the city of Pittsburgh and Bucks County to trim
budgets by suggesting alternative equipment such as "green" boilers or tankless
water heaters.

Ryan energy consultants get paid only through a percentage of realized
cost-savings, Cowburn said.

"It's really as simple as that old adage that you should only do your laundry in
the evenings because you're not paying peak rates for electricity. Here, we're
doing things like only turning the building on slowly in the mornings, beginning
at 5:30 a.m., so we're not being charged for a sudden spike in energy usage,"
she said.

The district is eliminating small appliances that are not required for
instructional or medical purposes and installing central heating controls.

Also, the district now relies on grant money when it comes to staff conference
and seminar programs.

For more information about Columbia's cost-savings efforts, or to suggest ways
the district could cut down on costs and save money, contact the administrative
center at 684-2283.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Delinquent teen returning to Maryland

BYLINE: Holly Herman, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


Feb. 18--A 15-year-old Maryland teenager was declared delinquent Thursday in
Berks County Juvenile Court for stabbing a counselor during a Nov. 15 melee at a
New Morgan detention facility.

Jose Flores pleaded guilty before Senior Judge Arthur E. Grim to two counts of
aggravated assault and possessing instruments of crime.

Flores admitted punching, kicking and stabbing counselor Leon Williams in the
back with a pen during a fight in the cafeteria at Abraxas Academy.

Williams suffered three stab wounds to the back.

Grim said Maryland officials agreed to provide four or five years of treatment
services to Flores.

Flores was returned to the Berks County Youth Center, Bern Township, to await
transfer to Maryland.

Flores said he was grateful to return to Maryland and hopes to see his family.

"I hope to be home before my birthday, next Wednesday," Flores said.

Flores was among four teens charged in November with causing a riot, assaulting
counselors and residents, and throwing a desk out of a window.

Several unidentified residents suffered broken noses. Another staffer suffered
facial scratches.

Assistant District Attorney Catherine J. Nadirov said Flores needs long-term
treatment to become a positive member of society.

This was the second melee in five months at the facility, which houses up to 82
repeat-offender juveniles.

A 17-year-old male from Washington pleaded guilty to simple assault and remains
in Abraxas on unrelated charges.

A third defendant, Rasheed Hannah, 17, Philadelphia, is awaiting disposition on
aggravated assault. He is being held in a Philadelphia detention center.

Hannah also is charged with punching counselor Brian Savina in the face while
Savina was at his desk Nov. 29.

Jonathan Warner, 18, Philadelphia, is in Berks County Prison in lieu of $25,000
bail awaiting disposition in adult court.

Warner is accused of punching counselor Jose Nunuz-Ruiz and throwing a chair out
of a window. Nunuz-Ruiz suffered facial scratches.

According to court records:

The 17-year-old male and Hannah assaulted other residents in the cafeteria about
10 a.m. The staff members were assaulted when they tried to break up the brawl.

Contact Holly Herman: 610-478-6291 or hherman@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110218-RE-Delinquent-teen-returning-to-Maryland-0218-20110218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 8, 2008 Wednesday

State officials push for loan modifications;
After Bank of America agrees to alter 390,000 subprime mortgages, regulators
urge others to follow suit

BYLINE: RUTH SIMON

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; CREDIT CRISIS: U.S.
MORTGAGES; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 824 words


Attorneys-general and banking regulators from 11 states are calling on the
largest subprime-mortgage-servicing companies in the U.S. to follow Bank of
America Corp.'s lead and embark on a broad-based loan-modification program.

"We believe that every major servicer of subprime loans should adopt these types
of programs as soon as possible," state officials said in a letter sent
yesterday to 16 servicers. "We urge you in the strongest possible terms to adopt
a comprehensive, streamlined and effective loan-modification program as soon as
possible." The letter was signed by Iowa Attorney General Thomas Miller on
behalf of the State Foreclosure Prevention Working Group. Officials in Arizona,
California, Illinois, Massachusetts, Michigan, New York, North Carolina, Ohio
and Texas also added their names to the letter.

A report issued in September by the group, which also includes Colorado, found
that nearly eight out of 10 seriously delinquent homeowners with subprime or
Alt-A loans aren't on track for any type of loss mitigation. Alt-A mortgages are
a category between prime and subprime that frequently includes loans made to
borrowers who don't fully document their income.

As part of a settlement with state attorneys-general announced Monday, Bank of
America agreed to modify the terms of as many as 390,000 subprime mortgages and
option adjustable-rate mortgages that were serviced by Countrywide Financial,
which it acquired July 1. The deal, valued at more than $8.6-billion (U.S.),
aims to initially reduce borrowers' mortgage-related payments to 34 per cent of
monthly income by refinancing borrowers into government-backed loans and
reducing borrowers' interest rate or principal.

Mr. Miller said his office has already heard from three major mortgage
servicers, who have asked for details on the settlement. "Our first approach is
to work with everybody," he said. "Later on, if it is necessary, we would
consider litigation." The settlement shows that broad-based loan modifications
are feasible, state officials say. "If the largest lender in the country
understands the value of this program for its mortgage customers and the overall
economy, so should other lenders," said Illinois Attorney-General Lisa Madigan.

Bank of America owns about 12 per cent of the loans covered by the agreement. In
most other cases, investors have given the company authority to modify loans
when necessary, a Bank of America spokesman said. The Bank of America settlement
follows a template laid down this summer by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
after it took over IndyMac Bancorp. In an effort to maximize the value of loans
it now controls and to reduce foreclosures, the FDIC is sending letters to
roughly 28,000 delinquent borrowers with IndyMac loans, offering to rework the
terms of their mortgages. The modifications are designed so that
mortgage-related payments don't exceed 38 per cent of gross income.

The FDIC has generally offered to reduce borrowers' interest rates or stretch
the term of their loans to as long as 40 years. Few of the government's offers
have involved a reduction in principal, because other options are more likely to
maximize recoveries, an FDIC spokesman said, adding that thus far, about half of
the delinquent loans that the FDIC has reviewed have qualified for a loan
modification.

An FDIC spokesman declined to comment on the settlement, but said that the FDIC
believes that setting an affordability target represents "a good model" for how
to approach systematic loan modifications. "We have discussed this approach with
Treasury and others as a way to preserve the value of the loans and keep
borrowers in their homes," he added.

Some states are looking at other ways to provide relief to borrowers. In
addition to pushing mortgage servicers to step up loan modifications, Texas may
pursue legal action against bankrupt mortgage companies, said Texas
Attorney-General Greg Abbott.

Not all borrowers who are behind on their loans will qualify for a loan
modification. It is too early to tell how many of those who do get help will
succeed in paying their loans on time. But one preliminary analysis suggests
some approaches work better than others.

Roughly 23 per cent of borrowers who received a principal reduction were at
least 60 days delinquent eight months after their loans were modified, though 80
per cent were seriously delinquent before the modification, according to an
analysis by Credit Suisse Group of subprime-loan modifications completed in the
fourth quarter of 2007.

By contrast, 44 per cent of borrowers were at least 60 days behind on their loan
payments eight months after being put on a repayment plan that resulted in the
same or a higher mortgage payment - typically because missed payments or fees
were added to their loan balance. About 85 per cent of those borrowers were
seriously delinquent before the plan was instituted, according to Credit Suisse.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday
                                  WEB Edition

Few delinquents properties worth less than tax debt

BYLINE: By Patrick Kerkstra; FOR THE INQUIRER

SECTION: WEB; P-com News Special Reports; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 349 words



How much are delinquent properties in Philadelphia actually worth?

Some, like the Foxwoods casino site, are worth plenty. But there are many others
- vacant lots and abandoned shells in some of the city's lowest-income
neighborhoods - with relatively low open-market values.

In the past, Nutter administration officials have suggested that part of the
reason Philadelphia has a large backlog of delinquent real estate accounts is
that many of the properties are worth less than is owed on them in back taxes,
interest, and penalties.

But that argument falls apart under scrutiny.

For one thing, although the city must first seek to sell delinquent properties
for the amount owed in back taxes (plus other municipal liens), it can later
offer the properties for sale at a cheaper price if there are no takers the
first time around. The city and schools might lose out on past revenue, but they
are more likely to collect in the future by transferring ownership of the
delinquent parcel.

Second, most of Philadelphia's tax-delinquent properties are worth more on the
open market than their owners owe in unpaid tax debt, according to an analysis
of the property values of delinquent accounts performed Kevin Gillen, an
Econsult vice president, at The Inquirer's request (the city's own assessed
property values, which have been estimated by the Board of Revision of Taxes,
are far too inaccurate to use).

Gillen, considered the foremost expert on property values in the Philadelphia
region, used a variety of methods to estimate property values for 72,000 of the
111,000 tax-delinquent accounts (he was unable to estimate values on the
remainder for a variety of reasons, such as insufficient local sales comps).

Of the 72,000, all but 519 had property values higher than the amounts owed. And
68,500 of them were worth at least twice as much as their tax debts.

Although many properties sell for less than they are worth at tax sales,
Gillen's analysis makes it clear the city could recoup much, though not all, of
what it is owed by selling off tax-delinquent land.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

EDITORIAL: Fairness in tax measures

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 384 words


Sept. 09--It doesn't take an economics degree to understand how an owner of
multiple tax-delinquent properties can make good on his local tax bill. He has
to sell one or more of the properties and use part of the proceeds to settle up
on the others.

State law does not require that, however. It allows local governments to lien
delinquent properties, but only individually; it doesn't consider a delinquent
taxpayer's combined real estate holdings.

Now, local ordinances allow individuals or firms that own multiple delinquent
properties to sell one or more of them -- thus requiring taxes on those
properties to be brought up to date -- while keeping the sale proceeds and
leaving the other properties in arrears. In some cases that is a calculated
strategy by multiproperty landlords.

Ron Koldjeski, the head of the Lackawanna County department that collects
delinquent taxes, has recommended an ordinance that would set a better standard.

Under the proposal, which has been adopted in several other counties, local
governments would be able to collect, from the sale proceeds of any of his
properties, back taxes due on all of an owner's delinquent properties.

Such a rule would shift the cost of delinquency from all other taxpayers, who
must make up for others' delinquency through higher tax rates, to the delinquent
firm or individual property owner. In doing so, it would provide a strong
incentive for owners to keep tax payments up to date so as not to diminish the
value of their equity in any particular property.

Another part of the ordinance would allow the county government to grant
extended payment periods to older residents facing economic hardships, illnesses
or other problems that prevent their timely tax payments. The extension period
would be at a 9 percent interest rate, but the county could reduce or eliminate
that as part of a final settlement. Extensions would be capped so that the owed
amount could not exceed the value of the property, thus enabling the county to
recoup the full amount due when the property is sold.

The commissioners should adopt the proposals as a matter of broad-based tax
fairness for all county taxpayers.

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160909-YT-EDITORIAL-Fairness-in-tax-measures-0909-20160909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              April 8, 2012 Sunday

Montgomery County

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 525 words


CENTERVILLE

Anthem performers needed for concerts

The Centerville Arts Commission is seeking National Anthem performers for the
2012 Summer Concert Series at Stubbs Park Amphitheater, 255 W. Spring Valley
Road.

Singers and instrumental groups should submit a demo CD to the Arts Commission
at the City Municipal Building, 100 W. Spring Valley Road, Centerville 45458.
Electronic submissions can be made via information@ centervilleohio.gov in care
of the Centerville Arts Commission.

Centerville and Washington Twp. residents are eligible. Parental consent is
required for those under 18. Deadline is May 5 and no compensation will be paid.

More information about the Arts Commission is available at (937) 433-7151,
www.ci.centervill e.oh.us. TERRY MORRIS

WASHINGTON TWP.

Most residents not delinquent on taxes

Washington Twp. officials said less than 2 percent of Washington Twp. and City
of Centerville property owners are delinquent on their taxes, Montgomery County
Treasurer Carolyn Rice said during a presentation at the April 9 township
trustees meeting.

"Of the 25,074 parcels in the combined communities, 459, or 1.8 percent, are
delinquent," she said.

The rate is exactly the same for the unincorporated township portion, which
includes 14,436 of those parcels. Rice said "261, or 1.8 percent, are delinquent
. That's a total value of $2.18 million."

For Montgomery County as a whole, 6 percent of taxpayers are delinquent.

Officials cite 2010 Census data, reported by the Ohio Department of Development,
that puts the Centerville and Washington Twp. population at 56,607, just ahead
of Kettering at 56,163. Dayton is first at 141,527. TERRY MORRIS

DAYTON

Sold-out workshop honors humorist

The family of the late humorist Erma Bombeck chose a hardy hoopsi blue spruce to
plant this spring near her Ohio historical marker outside St. Mary Hall on the
University of Dayton's campus. "They planted trees and crabgrass came up," the
plaque will read.

About 350 writers from around the country and University of Dayton students are
expected to attend a short tree dedication and blessing ceremony at 4 p.m. April
21 with the Bombeck family as part of the sold-out 2012 Erma Bombeck Writers'
Workshop.

The workshop, envisioned as a one-time event when it was launched in 2000, is
now offered every other year at the University of Dayton, where Bombeck
graduated in 1949. The 2012 workshop sold out in eight days.

Follow the workshop on Facebook at facebook.com/ ermabombeck and on Twitter at
twitter.com/ebww. STAFF REPORT

HUBER HEIGHTS

City files objection to liquor permit renewal

The city of Huber Heights officially has filed an objection to a liquor permit
renewal for Heat Nightclub with the Ohio Division of Liquor Control.

City attorney Alan Schaeffer sent the objection in a letter dated March 30, with
a request to set the hearing in Montgomery County. Deadline to file the
objection was May 2.

City council passed a resolution last month objecting to the club's liquor
permit renewal, citing excessive police calls.

From Nov. 20, 2010, through the end of February of this year, Huber Heights
police received 72 calls for service at Heat Nightclub. STEVEN MATTHEWS

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 12, 2011 Tuesday

In April, utilities insist late bills be paid

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 500 words


April 12--April marks more than just the regular return of warmer weather; it
also marks the month when local utility companies look to their delinquent
customers to make good on their past-due bills or face having those utilities
shut off.

Paul Livernois, a spokesman for Michigan Gas Utilities, which provides natural
gas to large swaths of Monroe and Lenawee counties, said April 1 is the end of
the company's annual Winter Protection Plan, which protects eligible seniors and
low-income customers from having their service shut off between Nov. 1 and March
31.

This month the company warned delinquent payers that those who had not made
efforts to catch up on their bill would face disconnection of service.

He said low-income customers should contact local agencies, such as the United
Way's 211 Help Hotline, for assistance that might postpone disconnection before
those organizations' funds are depleted.

"Customers will find we offer options for payment; but the larger the balance,
the larger those payments need to be," Michigan Gas President Chuck Cloninger
said in a written statement. "If there are extenuating circumstances that can be
documented, we need to know about them."

Akron-based FirstEnergy Corp., parent company of Toledo Edison, doesn't do
utility shutoffs over the winter months whenever temperatures are forecast to be
below 20 degrees within the next 24 hours, spokesman Mark Durbin said. The
warmer weather then means the end to any weather-related restrictions on
shutoffs and an end to the company's program that allows delinquent customers to
make a one-time $175 payment to keep their service going.

Chris Kozak, a spokesman for Columbia Gas of Ohio, said the natural gas utility
doesn't have a winter shutoff moratorium, but does observe a practice during
cold-weather months of providing delinquent customers with a 10-day shutoff
notice. As of Friday, that practice ends.

This year, there are about 40,000 more homes across Ohio that have seriously
delinquent accounts with Columbia Gas than there were a year ago, but the number
of customers whose service was terminated this year is down about 33 percent
overall, Mr. Kozak said.

"We continue to see lower gas prices, and we're seeing a lot of outreach
efforts, especially for those seeking help for the first time," Mr. Kozak said.
He said there are still utility assistance programs with funds available, and
customers who believe they may have trouble paying their bill should contact
Columbia Gas as quickly as possible to make payment arrangements and keep gas
flowing.

"By the time the guy shows up at the house with a pipe wrench, it's too late,"
Mr. Kozak said.

-- Larry P. Vellequette

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110412-TO-In-April-utilities-insist-late-bills-be-paid-0412-20110412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 7, 2003

Exposure to lead in old homes linked to juvenile delinquency

BYLINE: James Meikle, Health correspondent

SECTION: Guardian Home Pages, Pg. 6

LENGTH: 383 words


Children exposed to lead have a significantly higher chance of becoming juvenile
delinquents, according to research published yesterday.

Teenage boys who went through the juvenile court system around Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, in the US, had far higher concentrations of lead in their bones
than non-delinquent children of a similar age, the research showed.

And Herbert Needleman, leader of the study published in the journal
Neurotoxicology and Terotology, said his team estimated that up to 38% of
delinquency in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, was attributable to the effect of
lead.

He said a programme should be launched to rid old houses of lead contamination,
mainly from paint, since the other main source in the past, petrol, had been
tackled by the adoption of lead-free fuel.

His team's study, which compared lead concentrations in the lower leg bones of
young people, goes further than most in linking lead levels to crimi nality.
Previous research has focused on low IQ and learning disorders.

Between 1996 and 1998, the researchers compared results from 194 boys aged 12 to
18 who had been arrested and judged delinquent in Allegheny County with those
for 147 non-delinquent pupils in Pittsburgh. They found that the delinquent
youths had average lead concentrations of 11 parts per million in their bones
compared with 1.5 in the control group.

Dr Needleman, of the University of Pittsburgh's school of medicine, has been
studying the effects of lead on adolescents for more than 20 years. He said:
"This study provides further evidence that delinquent behaviour can be caused in
part by childhood exposure to lead. For years parents have been telling their
paediatricians that their children's behaviour changed after they were lead
poisoned and the children became irritable, overactive and aggressive."

The differences in lead levels found were startling, he said. "Since we have
taken lead out of gasoline, the only major source is old housing."

There would be clear health and employment benefits in removing lead
contamination from homes, said Dr Needleman. "We have to do it or pay the price.
It would prevent a substantial amount of crime. We estimate between 11% and 38%
of delinquency in Allegheny County is attributable to lead."


LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              March 7, 2008 Friday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

LOAN DELINQUENCIES RISE;
FORECLOSURES HIGHEST IN NEARLY 10 YEARS AS LEGISLATORS DEBATE BORROWER BAILOUTS

BYLINE: KENNETH R. GOSSELIN; Courant Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 763 words


Home loan delinquencies in Connecticut rose to the highest level since 1985 by
the end of last year, with subprime loans accounting for much of the increase.

At the same time, mortgage foreclosures climbed to numbers not seen in almost 10
years, according to a quarterly report released Thursday by the Mortgage Bankers
Association examining the last three months of 2007.

While the figures seem dire, Connecticut was in better shape than many states,
ranked in the bottom half in both delinquencies and loans in foreclosure.

But the 79 percent increase in "seriously delinquent" loans - those 90 days past
due and in foreclosure - was worse than the nation as a whole compared with a
year ago.

About 13,000 home loans in Connecticut, or 2.53 percent of all mortgages, were
seriously delinquent in the fourth quarter. While that number represents a
sliver of the 545,000 mortgages in Connecticut, it could nonetheless have an
effect on the larger economy should all the homes go into foreclosure.

Housing experts have warned that foreclosures immediately bring down property
values in surrounding neighborhoods, sometimes by several thousand dollars.

Thursday's report comes as state legislators debate mortgage reform and borrower
bailouts. Similar debates are occurring in states across the country and in
Congress.

Gov. M. Jodi Rell announced a Connecticut housing assistance program primarily
for subprime borrowers with adjustable-rate loans who are facing foreclosure.
But it was criticized for helping too few, and Democrats subsequently proposed a
more aggressive plan to replace it.Housing advocates in the Hartford area say
calls from distressed borrowers continue to pour in with no signs of slowing
down.

"My impression is that things aren't improving," said Andrew Pizor, senior
policy counsel at the Connecticut Fair Housing Center. "They are getting worse."

Donald L. Klepper-Smith, an economist at DataCore Partners in New Haven, said he
believes the housing slump will continue at least through the end of the year
and possibly longer. But he said the levels of loan foreclosures in Connecticut,
while rising, are not yet at a crisis point.

For instance, Thursday's report found that 1.55 percent of home loans in the
fourth quarter last year were in foreclosure. Klepper-Smith said he would begin
getting more concerned if that number rose to 2 percent or 2.5 percent.

"The problem still seems to be relatively contained," he said.

Nationally, the number of mortgage delinquencies rose to their highest level in
23 years in the fourth quarter of last year. Connecticut's woes are dwarfed by
problems in states such Michigan and Ohio, where seriously delinquent loans
represent nearly 6 percent of all loans, the highest in the nation.

In Florida, the increase in seriously delinquent loans rose 3.6 percentage
points in the fourth quarter, to 5.19 percent, compared with a year ago.

The housing downturn was touched off by the subprime mortgage crisis, born of
lending - some of it blatantly predatory - to borrowers who couldn't afford the
loans for which they were approved. Most of those were adjustable-rate loans
that are now resetting to higher rates, straining household budgets and pushing
some borrowers into foreclosure.

When home prices were rising, borrowers were building equity and could more
easily refinance. That is no longer the case.

In the early 1990s, Connecticut saw a wave of delinquencies and foreclosures.
But this time things are different. Then, there was a mix of commercial and
residential problems. This time around, however, it's almost exclusively
residential.

Although Connecticut compared favorably with other states at the end of last
year, concern is growing about overall mortgage delinquencies, which rose to
5.08 percent of all loans in the last quarter. That compares with 4.29 percent a
year ago.

"That's higher than I'd like to see it," said Howard Pitkin, the state banking
commissioner.

Pitkin said he would be more comfortable with 3 percent or lower, which would be
a sign of a market regaining stability.

Thursday's report also comes at a troubling time for homeowners who have tapped
deep into their home equity to meet other expenses. A new report said the
average homeowner has less than 50 percent equity for the first time since 1945.

Klepper-Smith said there are other pressures on household budgets: The rising
cost of food, gasoline and home heating oil.

And there is the specter of recession, which could cost the jobs that
Connecticut borrowers need to pay their mortgages.

Contact Kenneth R. Gosselin at kgosselin@courant.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC: COLOR, THE HARTFORD COURANT
 GRAPHIC: As of Dec. 31, Connecticut ranked in the bottom half of all states in
"seriously delinquent" home loans -- those 90 days past due and in foreclosure
-- a a percentage of all loans. SOURCE: Mortgage Bankers Associations LIBRARY
NOTE: This graphic was not available electronically for this database.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 28, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. TO PURSUE PHYSICIANS WHO DEFAULTED ON LOANS

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 27


Richard S. Schweiker, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, has ordered
that action be taken against doctors and other health professionals who have
defaulted on student loans, it was announced today.

The announcement followed disclosures that nearly a third of the health
professionals who took low-interest loans to get through school were behind in
repayments.

Federal investigators have cited cases in which physicians are earning big
salaries and driving expensive cars while failing to pay back their student
loans.

''Former medical and nursing students who don't pay back their loans are being
unfair to students who follow them,'' Mr. Schweiker said in a statement. ''Some
new students may be unable to get loans to attend medical or nursing school
because some former loan recipients didn't repay theirs.

'We Owe It to Future Students'

''We owe it to future health professions students to stop the widespread
delinquency in loan payments.'' He outlined four steps he was taking: He said
legislation was being prepared to give his department authority to collect
delinquent loans referred to it by schools.  Second, he said, a watchdog program
would be established by the department's inspector general and assistant
secretary for health. In addition, the department's counsel will look into how
the Government can more actively seek out delinquents. Last, he said, the
department will develop performance standards for schools to be used in
considering future loan allocations.

The department makes the money available to schools, which lend it to qualified
students and are then responsible for collecting repayments.

Mr. Schweiker said that preliminary data showed that as many as 30 percent of
borrowers might be delinquent in repaying Health Professions Student Loans and
Nursing Student Loans. The delinquency may exceed $20 million, he said.

Identification in Capital Area

He said that the inspector general's office of his department had finished
preliminary identification of nearly 1,700 delinquents in the
Washington-Baltimore area, and that a nationwide crackdown was under way.

Mr. Schweiker's figures are similar to those supplied earlier this month by
aides to Senator Charles H. Percy, Republican of Illinois, a member of the
Senate Governmental Affairs Committee. They said 50,000 health professionals,
including 5,716 physicians, were seriously delinquent in paying back their
loans.

That depletes by more than $23 million the Government money pool for providing
long-term medical school loans, the Percy figures indicate.

A Percy aide estimated as many as 5,000 prospective doctors, dentists,
optometrists, pharmacists and nurses would be denied Government loans this year
because of the abuses.

The 10-year medical loans of up to $20,000 or more are provided at interest
rates of 3 percent to 7 percent, with repayment not required until at least a
year after graduation. Repayment can be delayed for five or 10 years for
post-graduate residency training, teaching or work in areas that are short of
doctors.

Congress has ordered that no more money be put in the $70 million medical loan
fund, leaving it as a revolving pool.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

Bill summary and status of HB 1909 Real property tax; nonjudicial sale of tax
delinquent property.

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: New York



  Richmond: Virginia Lagislative Information Systeam has issued the following
bill summary and status:

   SUMMARY AS PASSED HOUSE:

 Real property tax; nonjudicial sale of tax delinquent property. Permits the
nonjudicial sale of unimproved real property valued at less than $5,000 if taxes
are delinquent for at least three years.

The bill also permits the nonjudicial sale of real property valued at no less
than $5,000 but no greater than $20,000 if taxes are delinquent for at least
three years, the property is not subject to a recorded mortgage or deed of trust
lien, and the property (i) is unimproved and measures less than 4,000 square
feet; (ii) is unimproved and has been determined to be unsuitable for building
(the bill expands the bases on which unsuitability may rest); (iii) has a
structure on it that has been condemned by the local building official; (iv) has
been declared a nuisance by the locality; (v) contains a derelict building; or
(vi) has been declared to be blighted by the locality. The bill also modifies
current law regarding notice of the sale, redemption of the property, and
application of excess proceeds. Current law permits the nonjudicial sale of
unimproved real property valued at less than $10,000 if taxes are delinquent for
at least three years and the property (a) measures less than 4,000 square feet
or (b) has been determined to be unsuitable for building.







 AMENDMENTS



     House amendments



 HISTORY



     01/10/17  House: Prefiled and ordered printed; offered 01/11/17 17101474D

     01/10/17  House: Referred to Committee on Finance

     01/20/17  House: Assigned Finance sub: Subcommittee #1

     02/01/17  House: Subcommittee recommends reporting with amendments (8-Y
1-N)

     02/01/17  House: Reported from Finance with amendments (19-Y 3-N)

     02/03/17  House: Read first time

     02/06/17  House: Read second time

     02/06/17  House: Committee amendments agreed to

     02/06/17  House: Engrossed by House as amended HB1909E

     02/06/17  House: Printed as engrossed 17101474D-E

     02/07/17  House: Read third time and passed House (82-Y 15-N)

     02/07/17  House: VOTE: PASSAGE (82-Y 15-N)

     02/08/17  Senate: Constitutional reading dispensed

     02/08/17  Senate: Referred to Committee on Finance

     02/14/17  Senate: Reported from Finance (13-Y 0-N)

     02/15/17  Senate: Constitutional reading dispensed (40-Y 0-N)

     02/16/17  Senate: Read third time

     02/16/17  Senate: Passed Senate (39-Y 0-N)

     02/16/17  Senate: Reconsideration of Senate passage agreed to by Senate
(40-Y 0-N)

     02/16/17  Senate: Passed Senate (40-Y 0-N)

     02/20/17  House: Enrolled

     02/20/17  House: Bill text as passed House and Senate (HB1909ER)

     02/20/17  House: Signed by Speaker

     02/21/17  Senate: Signed by President

     02/21/17  House: Enrolled Bill communicated to Governor on 2/21/17

     02/21/17  Governor: Governor's Action Deadline Midnight, March 27, 2017





LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     MARCH 28, 2001 Wednesday NORTH EDITION

NORRISTOWN AREA SCHOOL DISTRICT MAY PURSUE TARDY TAXPAYERS

BYLINE: Lee Drutman INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS NORTH; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: WEST NORRITON


For years, the Norristown Area School District has been the county poster child
when it comes to delinquent real-estate tax. With $4.8 million in outstanding
money, the district is owed $2 million more than the next closest delinquent,
Abington.

But Norristown school officials have had enough. Now, they say, it's time to
start collecting.

"It's a chronic annoyance," said School Board President Murray Toas. "What we're
trying to do is to collect taxes from those who owe the taxes rather than raise
taxes on everybody else."

The district is contracting a third-party tax-collecting agency to track down
property owners who have not paid their bills in years. This would make the
district the first in the county to aggressively target delinquent back taxes,
said Betsy McBride, deputy treasurer of the county tax-claim bureau.

Of the 21,000 delinquent parcels in the county, 6,500 are within the borders of
the Norristown Area School District and 4,400 are in the borough of Norristown,
McBride said. Yet, Norristown is only one of 24 school districts in the county,
which has a total of $54 million in unpaid school taxes.

Under the current proposal, the Norristown Area School District would pay
Berkheimer Associates, a private tax-collecting agency based in Bangor, Pa., to
track down the chronic delinquent taxes. A fee or commission has not yet been
determined. Chronic delinquent taxes - those unpaid for more than two years -
account for about half of the district's current missing revenue from
real-estate taxes.

Pending approval of the plan by the county tax-claim bureau and the county
commissioners, the district would have Berkheimer notify property owners of
their long-unpaid taxes, and then, if taxes were still not received after dogged
attempts to collect, the county would begin to auction off the properties.

"It's a time-consuming process," said Jim Hunt, Berkheimer's district manager
for the Southeast Pennsylvania region. "This would be the first time we've
undertaken something like this for a school."

Toas said the district would first target the top offenders. The five largest
delinquents account for $431,352 worth of taxes, with one property owner
accounting for $209,555.52. Tom Padden, district business administrator, said
the top offender was a business still in operation, but he would not say which
one. Most of the top 48 offenders, which account for $1,028,472 of the unpaid
taxes, are businesses, Padden said.

Nobody would estimate how many of these delinquent taxes could be recovered. But
Padden had his doubts.

"Some of the properties could go back 50, 70, 80, 100 years," he said. "Some
could be swallowed up in eminent domain and not even exist anymore."

Lee Drutman's e-mail address is ldrutman@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   September 25, 1997, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Alpharetta hires collector for tax liens

BYLINE: Devi Sen Laskar; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 09H

LENGTH: 303 words



Alpharetta will be getting its money's worth.

The City Council has agreed to sell its tax liens to a private company that will
collect the money or make use of foreclosure options allowed under state law.

The city hired Capital Asset Research Corp. of Atlanta to collect delinquent
taxes. The company was selected among 19 bidders because it offered the most
money and promised to pay the entire balance before it collected its first dime.

Alpharetta is selling the liens for 90 percent of the value of ad valorem taxes,
unpaid utility accounts and any penalties and interest. This means the city will
earn 90 percent of the $ 247,808 in tax liens, or $ 223,027.

Delinquent taxes aren't widespread, said Linda Dale, the city's chief financial
officer. The city has collected about 98.5 percent of all taxes due. These do
not include cases that are under appeal or homeowners who have filed bankruptcy.

But Dale recommended the city enter into a three-year contract with the company
to turn over delinquent accounts on an ongoing basis.

"We've made all reasonable efforts to collect those delinquent taxes, but the
city isn't in the business of collecting taxes, and we felt we had reached a
level of diminishing return," said Mayor Chuck Martin. "Rather than hire someone
full-time, we looked at privatization."

Capital Asset has had this type of purchase agreement with Fulton County for the
past two and a half years and has purchased in excess of $ 53 million in
accounts. The company has worked with the Fulton sheriff's department in an
effort not to overburden their officers with the serving of levies, Dale said.

The company has also bought $ 48 million in delinquent accounts from Pittsburgh
and serves as collector for New York City for accounts totalling more than $ 215
million.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            September 9, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AROUND THE STATE

SECTION: NEWS; Around the State; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 462 words


State plans crackdown on E-ZPass delinquents

ALBANY (AP) -- The Thruway Authority plans to hire a collection agency to recoup
some of the roughly $23 million in outstanding tolls and fees owed by thousands
of motorists who have breezed through E-ZPass lanes without paying.

Delinquent drivers will have one last chance to pay up before their names are
turned over to the collection agency.

Officials admit the authority may get as little as $1 million after disputed
fees are resolved, after St. Louis-based OSI Collection Services takes its 21
percent cut.

"Whether it's $1 million or $2 million, we don't know, but we do think it's
important to make the effort to collect what is owed to the authority,"
Executive Director Michael Fleischer said.

OSI is expected to begin contacting customers with delinquent bills in a few
months. It has worked with such agencies as the Florida Turnpike, the California
Department of Transportation and the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority.

Separately, Rockland County prosecutors said 20 people have been charged in a
scam in which corporations were falsely billed for $734,000 in tolls through
illegal E-ZPass tags. Two employees of Affiliated Computer Services, the company
that manages the E-ZPass system, organized the fraud, prosecutors said.

-----

U.N. session to pose big security challenge

NEW YORK (AP) -- World leaders will converge on Manhattan next week for the
United Nations General Assembly, creating the largest security challenge for the
city since last summer's Republican National Convention, police officials said
Thursday.

"This is a general assembly like no other," Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly
said following a briefing for commanders at Police Headquarters.

About 170 world leaders are expected to arrive at U.N. headquarters Wednesday
for the assembly's 60th anniversary.

Among those scheduled to attend: President Bush, British Prime Minister Tony
Blair, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, Iranian President Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Hu Jintao.

The dignitaries will receive Secret Service protection. In addition, more than
4,000 New York Police officers will be assigned.

-----

Deutsche Bank building dismantling work starts

NEW YORK (AP) -- The deconstruction of the Deutsche Bank building badly damaged
by the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in 2001 has begun, state officials announced
Thursday.

Crews were to begin by preparing the 40-story tower housing the German bank with
scaffolding and fencing, as well as removing the netting that has hung on the
vacant building opposite ground zero, Gov. George E. Pataki and state officials
announced.

The building was heavily damaged when a section of the trade center's south
tower collapsed, tearing through 15 stories.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 19, 1995, Sunday, Final Edition

New Relevance for the Junior Republic

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 681 words


At Annapolis Junction in Anne Arundel County, near the line with Prince George's
and Howard counties, lies an abandoned residential reform school called Cedar
Knoll, which is still owned by the D.C. Department of Human Services.

Most people know nothing about the history of this property, but given the
present brouhaha about the revival of orphanages for neglected and delinquent
children, that history may have new relevance.

On June 1, 1899, a group of philanthropic citizens of Baltimore and Washington
secured a charter from Maryland as well as land at Annapolis Junction for the
establishment of what they called the National Junior Republic, a private reform
school for delinquent and potentially delinquent boys and girls ages 14 to 21.

The good citizens modeled their institution on William R. George's "George
Junior Republic" in Freeville, N.Y., and they believed it would be an answer to
the problem of delinquent children in the slums of Baltimore and Washington.
Annapolis Junction's proximity to Washington led them to envision their
institution as a prototype for similar centers throughout the nation and as a
center for training staff in the policies and principles of education and
rehabilitation.

Under the National Republic system, boys and a few girls at Annapolis Junction
lived in boarding houses. They paid for their lodging and food with specially
issued tin coins and, like their counterparts in Freeville, worked at jobs that
ranged from ditch-digging and road-building to skilled trades such as farming,
carpentry, masonry and printing. The few girls were cooks, housekeepers and
laundresses.

Particularly enterprising citizens of the National Junior Republic could secure
concessions for producing, buying and selling goods and services. Schoolwork
also was done under contract and reimbursed. Those earning more of the
republic's currency could afford to live in the more desirable boarding houses,
eat better food and buy nicer clothes.

A complement to this economic system of "Nothing Without Labor" and free
enterprise was a political system of self-rule and democracy in which the boys
and girls elected a president and a legislature and administered a court and a
correctional system.

The Baltimore American of June 4, 1913, carried an account of the inauguration
of a president of the National Junior Republic. The inaugural ceremony of the
young Walter Blue, presided over by W. F. Rogers of the Washington Bar
Association, was modeled on the U.S. president's inauguration. After taking the
oath of office, the new boy-citizen president named his cabinet and chief judge.
In response to shouts of "Oh, you, president" and "I voted for you, Blue," he
gave a short speech thanking his fellow citizens for their confidence.

But just four years later, in 1917, the National Junior Republic closed its
doors. This happened for several reasons including the booming job market of
World World I and the period that followed and the increased attendance of
students at senior high schools.

Afew years later, in 1924, the Baltimore Sun painted a forlorn picture of the
once bustling facility:

"Idle is the counting house; empty, the jail. Cobwebs darken the windows of the
chapel. Weeds grow in the fields, and silence hovers over the place where once
grew and flourished 60-odd boys, making their own laws and enforcing them, doing
their own work, learning the lessons of life."

In 1931 the trustees of the defunct National Junior Republic deeded the 144
acres at Annapolis to the Evangelical Lutheran Church. From this body, the land
and buildings passed to the D.C. Department of Human Services and became Cedar
Knoll.

Today, a sense of abandonment and waste once again hangs over the land and
buildings at Annapolis Junction. Yet, the problem of turning disadvantaged city
youth into useful citizens is more of a problem than it ever was when the
century was young. Perhaps it's time for our leaders to give another look at the
unique experiment that was the National Junior Republic.

-- John and Mary Baer


LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

County considers reducing public notice on delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Matthew Beaton, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 829 words


Feb. 13--PANAMA CITY-- Bay County is considering dramatically reducing public
notice for delinquent taxpayers, even though it won't save public dollars.

By law, the county must advertise the delinquent tax list annually for real and
personal property. March 31 is the last day property owners can pay their taxes.

The county then culls the delinquent list and puts it online and, as required by
law, in a local newspaper. In years past, the list has run in The News Herald in
May, once a week for three straight weeks. The list appeared in every copy of
The News Herald, about 24,000 total each run date. Last year the cost was about
$210,000, according to Bay County Tax Collector Peggy Brannon at last week's
County Commission meeting.

This year, county staff has recommended the commission consider reducing the
number of copies that carry the list -- to as few as 850 papers -- published
three times, and commissioners are interested.

At last week's commission meeting, Commissioner Guy Tunnell said it appeared
this could save "quite a bit of money" for Bay County. It was pointed out by
Brannon that only delinquent taxpayers would benefit and that the county would
not save money, but the commission remained intrigued.

Under Florida statute, the advertising costs are added to the "delinquent taxes
collected" and are recouped from the delinquent taxpayer. Brannon made that
point at the meeting.

"That is a recoverable cost," she said.

No commissioners would comment for this story because The News Herald is one of
two legally qualified bidders -- the other is the Bay County Bullet, a weekly
publication.

Informing the public

The newspaper industry isn't thrilled about a partial distribution of delinquent
tax lists. On the business side it represents a loss of revenue, but as it goes
to the public it means an erosion of government's duty to keep people informed.

"We think it's very important for public notices to be in print with as broad a
distribution as possible," said Dean Ridings, president and CEO of the Florida
Press Association.

In Ridings' view, every copy of the paper should carry the notice because there
are instances where taxpayers "miss it" -- fail to pay their taxes and don't see
the list in print. A list running in every paper is the best chance to prevent
that from happening.

Ridings also said the list lets property owners know if their neighbors are
delinquent.

"That's a potential impact to you. ... We are 100 percent an advocate for as
much notice as possible," he said.

Because advertising costs are borne by delinquent taxpayers, Ridings was not
sure why the county would consider not putting the list in every copy possible
from the chosen paper.

"I'm not sure I have the answer to that," he said.

Buying tax certificates

Advertising the delinquent tax list serves another purpose -- it lets the public
know it can bid on delinquent property tax "certificates." In buying the
certificate, the purchaser pays the taxes owed and receives an interest rate on
that amount. Eventually, when the delinquent taxpayers pony up for the money
they owe, those who purchased the certificates get their money back.

Interest rates start at 18 percent, and bids go in reverse until the lowest
interest rate offered wins the certificate.

"Most certificates are sold to big investment groups," said Mark Peel, the
county's delinquent tax supervisor. "They'll buy about 90 to 95 percent of what
we have to sell year to year because they bid low interest rates."

Last year, the county sold 7,089 certificates, which totaled nearly $10 million.
With still more than a month before March 31, taxes on 24,136 pieces of property
have not been paid, totaling $26.9 million, Peel said.

If Bay County chose limited distribution, it would be in the minority in Florida
but would not be the first. Leon County's move to limited distribution was
mentioned several times at the last commission meeting, along with the fact that
they were sued over it. While they won, Brannon noted to commissioners that any
litigation costs would fall to the county to cover.

Meanwhile, Bay County has not had trouble selling the certificates. All were
sold last year, Peel said. The only year he could remember all the certificates
not being sold was when the economy took a nosedive during the recent recession.
Even then, the county held a second sale and sold them all off.

And, Peel is confident about this year's sale.

"We will sell them all," he said.

Commissioners last week said they wanted to have two options to review -- a full
distribution as in years past and a partial distribution to compare costs and
also get feedback from the public on which method would be preferred.

The bids will be received by week's end and commissioners are set to vote on
which way to go and who to go with next Tuesday due to deadlines faced by
Brannon.

___ (c)2013 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130213-PY-County-considers-reducing-public-notice-on-delinquent
-taxes-0213-20130213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2013 The News Herald


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 29, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FOAMING AT THE DRAIN

BYLINE: RICHARD WHITE, Tribune correspondent

SECTION: BAYLIFE MAGAZINE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 648 words


WASHING MACHINE PLUMBING ISSUE BUBBLES OVER

By RICHARD WHITE

Tribune correspondent

Q. I am a senior citizen - 77 years old. The owners on the floor above me
installed a washing machine from which suds and water come into my apartment
through the wastewater drains. I reported the problem to the manager but nothing
has been done to correct the problem. We have laundry rooms in the building but,
of course, people prefer to have their own machines.

HS

Miami Beach

A. Many older buildings were not constructed with plumbing drain lines to carry
garbage disposal or washing machine wastewater. If you check your documents,
they may contain such exclusions.

I would suggest that you send a letter to the board of directors and to the
owners of the washing machine concerning the problem. Since the building has
common-area washers and dryers, I assume that it does not have adequate drain
lines. Your board needs to review the matter and take action to have the owners
remove the washer or have a plumber correct the drain system.


Q. I am the board president of a condominium association. We have two owners who
are habitually delinquent. We followed your advice for having a strict and rapid
collection policy, and the delinquent accounts have been sent to an attorney. A
claim of lien has been placed on both units. The owners have not responded.

You have always advocated to bite the bullet and foreclose. Do you still
advocate that, given the economic climate?

DS

Fort Myers

A. My suggestion of fast and rapid legal action, including liens and
foreclosure, is to get delinquent units and homes paying as fast as possible. In
today's economy, with the large number of foreclosures, each delinquent account
must be evaluated as to the best way to proceed.

You established a strict and rapid collection policy and, I hope, had it
approved by your attorney. In the past, I have recommended a series of letters
be sent to the owner as the account becomes increasingly past due, then turning
the matter over to the attorney to lien and foreclosure.

Since the statutes have been changed and require a 30-day notice, I recommend a
slightly different policy: send one letter when the account is 10 days past due,
and a certified letter at the 30-day mark. Turn the matter over to your attorney
at the 60-day point.

The benefits of the strict collection policy are twofold - if you make sure
everyone is aware of the policy. Your paying owners will know you are trying to
protect their interests and delinquent owners know that you will take action if
they do not remain current.

Even in today's economy, that action may be swift foreclosure. Remember, the
object is to get delinquent units paying as fast as possible. Say you have a
unit that is being foreclosed on by the mortgage company and you have title to
the unit because you foreclosed first. You have several options (this must be
discussed with your attorney): You can rent the unit to recover the legal costs
and the delinquent amounts, you can contact the bank and see whether it will
take the title and begin to pay the fees, or you can sell the unit, maybe by a
short sale with the bank's approval.

One good thing about foreclosing on a unit or home is that the association will
not be obligated, or suffer damage to its credit rating, if it does not make
mortgage payments. The association is not on the note.

The key to your question is that each case must be evaluated before proceeding
to foreclosure; you must discuss each situation with your attorney.

Richard White is a licensed community association manager. He does not offer
legal opinions; any other questions and comments concerning association
operations can be sent to Richard White, 6039 Cypress Gardens Blvd., No. 201,
Winter Haven FL 33884-4115; or e-mail camquestion@cfl.rr.com

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: rules of the roost

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 14, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

Loan Servicers Get Tough on Late Payments; Some Delinquent Borrowers Face
Barrage of Calls, Foreclosure

Jerry DeMuth, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 907 words


Homeowners who are at least a month behind or consistently late in their
mortgage payments are beginning to face aggressive loan servicers that are
determined to either get them current or to foreclose in as short a time as
possible.

There is a new breed of mortgage servicing companies, all of which operate
nationally, that buy these loans from lenders. The servicers' intent is to wring
profit from the loans, known as "under-performers," or from the properties.

Letters might be sent to delinquent borrowers as often as weekly and phone calls
might be made as often as daily.

Ocwen Federal Bank FSB of West Palm Beach, Fla., makes daily calls to borrowers
who are more than 45 days delinquent, calls every three days to borrowers who
are 31 to 45 days delinquent, and weekly to borrowers who are no more than 30
days delinquent. Letters also are sent out as often as once a week.

"The ideal work-out situation is that which maximizes our return on investment
in the loan," said John Plum, director of business development at the thrift,
which is a major purchaser and servicer.

"These loans need to be more aggressively serviced," said David Ertel, managing
director of BayView Financial Trading Group in Miami. "It's just [having] a
strong collection area and a strategy for maximizing the value of these type of
loans."

"We go after these people aggressively," said Joseph Caiazzo, chief operating
officer of Franklin Credit Management Corp. in New York. "We call them up and
say, 'Either pay or we'll foreclose.' It takes a lot of energy to bring these
loans back to performing."

Officials at Ocwen and Franklin Credit said some borrowers in the Washington
area already have been affected by the tough approach on delinquencies, but no
more so than in other metropolitan areas around the country.

This hardball approach is in great contrast to the way local banks, ever aware
of public relations problems, handle delinquent mortgages, Caiazzo said.

"Banks are part of the community and when they get problems with collections,
they can't play hardball with borrowers," he said.

Some servicers that buy mortgages that are at least three months behind, known
as "non-performing mortgages," make no effort to arrange for borrowers to get
caught up. Instead, they want to foreclose on the homes and sell the properties
as quickly as state laws permit because investors in the loans get paid from the
sale proceeds, with the servicer getting whatever is left.

"The better the servicing, the more equity the servicer will get," said Justin
Ventura, director of residential mortgage-backed securities at the rating agency
Fitch Investors Service.

Some loans have greater value for these servicers when they go into foreclosure
than if they were made current. If borrower equity is high in a "sub-performing
mortgage," which is a mortgage with a history of late payments, "proceeds
realized in liquidation should be greater than those generated by the borrower
curing or prepaying the mortgage loan," Fitch Investors said in a report.

When rating non-performing mortgage-backed securities, Fitch wants to know how
much time will lapse before investors will see recoveries, something that is
"crucial," Ventura said.

Similarly, Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Co. wants a servicer to be "a no-nonsense
institution" that has a "demonstrated ability to liquidate the property and to
control the expenses of foreclosure and liquidation," said Henry Hayssen, vice
president responsible for all non-performing ratings.

But while servicers that want to make their mortgages current act aggressively,
they will be flexible, working out repayment plans that might allow borrowers to
take as long as 18 months to catch up. If a borrower fails to honor the terms of
a work-out plan, however, chances are the servicer will move quickly to
foreclose.

"There is no option which we will not consider," Ocwen's Plum said. "We offer
modification, forbearance plans, deeds in lieu, shortfall payoffs, full payoffs
and occasionally will pay cash for keys."

"We try to bring the loans current first by trying to get the borrowers up on a
payment schedule," said John Devine, vice president in charge of servicing at
Franklin Credit. "We'll extend the loan out for the number of months they are
behind."

Even while developing a work-out plan with a delinquent borrower, these
servicers are preparing to start foreclosure action immediately should the
work-out fail.

At the same time consultants are trying to resolve the status of the loans,
Ocwen's Plum said, delinquent loans also are assigned to its foreclosure
department. This allows the bank to negotiate from a position of strength, he
said, and a borrower who "truly wants to stay in the home" generally will begin
repaying the loan as agreed.

For Ocwen, that time frame ranges from one month to six months.

Players in the under-performing market see 1997 as an even busier and more
profitable year than 1996.

"A new pool of foreclosures will be occurring in the coming months. More product
will be around in '97," said Victor F. Russell, a managing principal at Moore,
Morgan & Russell Advisors of Carrollton, Tex., a buyer of under-performing
mortgages. An expected record-high number of bankruptcy filings in 1996, he said
indicated that "there's a vast pool of clients for the product. More investors
and servicers are stepping up to the plate."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 26, 2013 Tuesday

McAllen school board candidate addresses back taxes

BYLINE: Andrew Kreighbaum, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


March 26--MCALLEN -- Like any candidate for public office, Joe E. Garcia started
his campaign for McAllen school board with a laundry list of items to tackle --
appointing a campaign treasurer, contacting supporters, printing advertisements
and, weeks after filing for the race, paying his delinquent taxes to the
district.

Nearly three weeks after filing a ballot application for the school board, the
local attorney paid a property tax bill to the district for his South Edinburg
home for more than $21,500. The next day, he sent a letter to current trustees
in an attempt to "clarify any misunderstanding" regarding the status of his
property tax account with the district.

Garcia advised the board that he and his wife are "fully paid and are current on
all property taxes due to McAllen I.S.D."

But public records kept by the Hidalgo County Tax Office showed this week that
Garcia, who is challenging Place 7 trustee Sam Saldivar Jr., still owed more
than $13,900 in delinquent taxes and penalties and interest due by the end of
March to entities including South Texas College, South Texas ISD and Drainage
District #1.

Asked Monday about the delinquent taxes and letter to board members, he
questioned how The Monitor learned of the letter then said his school district
property taxes were a non-issue because they were paid off before stating the
conversation was off the record.

After receiving a list of delinquent taxes owed to local entities for his
Edinburg residence via email, Garcia said he would not be able to offer a more
thorough response until Tuesday.

Late Monday, the website of the county tax office showed eight payments were
made that day totaling more than $2,900 to the community college, the drainage
district and South Texas ISD. Nearly $11,000 was still owed to Hidalgo County.

Rolando Garza, the chief appraiser at the Hidalgo County Appraisal District,
said his office had one protest letter on file for Garcia's residence. In the
letter, Garcia claimed the appraised value of his property had increased by
nearly 50 percent from 2012 to 2013.

According to tax office records, he owed delinquent taxes dating back to 2008.

The Monitor reported in October that the City of McAllen had filed a lawsuit
against owners of the Wingate Hotel to recoup $191,000 in delinquent taxes. Joe
and Mary Garcia are listed as corporate directors for Sungate Development, the
hotel's parent company.

The case was settled later that month and dismissed in January. McAllen ISD and
Hidalgo County both previously filed lawsuits against Sungate Development.

McAllen school board President Hilda Garza-DeShazo said that having only served
only a few years as a trustee, she could not say if a letter like the one sent
by Garcia to trustees was unusual.

"This is the first time I've sat on the board, so this is the first time I've
ever seen anything like that," she said.

Garza-DeShazo said she would want to address any questions about delinquent
taxes if she were a candidate for the board herself.

"All I can say is if I was in his position, and I had an opponent, I certainly
would want to clear that up," she said.

Andrew Kreighbaum covers education for The Monitor. He can be reached at
andrew@themonitor.com, (956) 683-4472 and on Twitter, @kreighbaum.

___ (c)2013 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130326-MC-McAllen-school-board-candidate-addresses-back-taxes-0326-20130326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2013 The Monitor


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2009 Tuesday

Anniston Councilman Dawson pays $10K in delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Mike Faulk, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 292 words


Apr. 7--Anniston City Councilman David Dawson paid more than $10,000 in
delinquent taxes Monday on behalf of himself, his wife and a business partner,
according to the Calhoun County revenue commissioner.

Dawson made the payment after a countywide list of those delinquent on their
2008 property tax payments was published in the Sunday edition of The Star.

Dawson said he was delinquent in part because of confusion between him and his
business partner Thomas Harmon, with whom he owns some rental homes and a small
building on Noble Street. The confusion was over whose responsibility it was to
pay the tax on the properties, Dawson said.

"It's really embarrassing," he said. "It's just one of those things that slipped
by us."

Dawson also owed at least $728.60 on property he owns with his wife. Dawson said
the money was owed on two vacant lots he purchased behind his house that he had
thought were included in his other property tax payments.

Attempts to reach Harmon Monday were unsuccessful, but Dawson said neither he
nor his partner has ever knowingly failed to pay their taxes.

"I assure you there's never been a tax, once brought to our attention, that
wasn't paid," he said.

About Mike Faulk

Mike Faulk covers Cleburne, Clay and Randolph counties, environment and
agriculture for The Star. He is a graduate of the University of Alabama.

To see more of The Anniston Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.annistonstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Anniston Star, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090407-AO-Anniston-Councilman-Dawson-pays-10K-in-delinquent-taxes-0407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                                 Copyright 2009


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 05, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

Condominium Boards Need to Get Tough on Late Fees With Policy of Zero Tolerance

Benny L. Kass

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. F03; HOUSING COUNSEL

LENGTH: 916 words


Q: I own a town house in a Maryland condominium association. A recent newsletter
advised all the owners that there are more than $ 35,000 in delinquent
condominium fees. When I asked the management, I was told that several of the
unit owners had filed for bankruptcy protection and that the board was
considering waiving late fees if delinquent owners paid up within a certain
period of time.

What can a board do about these delinquent fees? Clearly, such a potential loss
will affect the financial position of our association significantly.

A: It amazes me when I learn how many community associations and their boards of
directors allow unit owners to become seriously delinquent in the payment of the
monthly assessments.

I have seen community associations with delinquencies exceeding $ 100,000; I
have heard of associations in which individual unit owners owe upward of $
25,000.

Even though the three surrounding jurisdictions of Maryland, Virginia and the
District have different laws and collection practices, there are several general
points that can be made.

* Adopt a "zero tolerance" policy. Depending on what your bylaws require, a
board should adopt a policy that if an an owner is delinquent, collection
procedures will begin immediately. I cannot subscribe to the "business as usual"
procedures adopted by many associations and property managers, whereby, if unit
owners are delinquent, they will get several reminder letters over several
months before the matter is turned over for collection.

It is my belief that if a unit owner is one month behind in his or her fees, it
will be difficult to collect. If a unit owner is two months behind, it will be
even harder -- if not impossible -- to collect. And if a unit owner becomes
three or more months delinquent, you are looking at a potential bankruptcy
situation.

Thus, associations should adopt a policy that no unit owner will be exempt from
the zero tolerance policy. Unless your bylaws require otherwise, when the unit
owner is one day delinquent, the matter should be referred to the attorney
handling collection matters for the association.

* The board should adopt a policy that when a unit owner becomes delinquent,
his/her fee for the balance of the fiscal year is automatically accelerated.
Let's look at this example: The fiscal year is January-December. Owner A is
required to pay $ 100 a month in fees. In February the owner becomes delinquent.
The acceleration policy adopted by the board of directors will make it clear
that Owner A now owes the balance of the year's assessments: in this case $
1,100. When a lawsuit is filed, it will be for the full accelerated fee -- and
not just the one-month delinquency.

Such a policy must be authorized by your association bylaws, and it has been my
experience that most documents contain such an acceleration provision. It also
is important to note that before the policy can be adopted formally, it should
be circulated to all owners for comment. Although holding a public association
hearing on such policy is not required in all three jurisdictions, I recommend
that a board take this extra step to make sure that the owners understand not
only the terms of the proposed collection policy, but the importance of keeping
fees current.

* If an owner has a specific problem and is unable to pay the fee, the burden
should be placed on that owner to approach the board, on a confidential basis,
and ask for permission to delay or defer the payments. Any agreement reached
between the board and the individual owner must be in writing, signed by a
member of the board and the owner.

* If the board obtains a court judgment against the owner, immediate steps to
collect on that judgment should begin. Unless the delinquent owner works for the
District government, his or her wages can be garnisheed. Bank accounts can be
attached to satisfy the judgment. At least four times a year, management should
photocopy each owner's payment check and put that information in the files. This
way, if an owner become delinquent, the board may have an easier time trying to
attach assets.

* If the owner files for bankruptcy protection, he or she still is required to
pay all monthly assessments due after the bankruptcy filing. This is permitted
by federal law, and there is no justification for not going after these payments
-- called "post-petition" payments. The board also should file a proof of claim
to receive payments from the bankruptcy trustee for the amounts owed prior to
the filing.

It is unfortunate that a board has to take a hard-line approach to the
collection of delinquencies. The association should be a friendly place to live;
everyone should be neighborly. However, if owners are consistently delinquent,
this can create a serious problem for all other owners. More importantly, if
there are too many delinquencies within an association, mortgage lenders may
decline making loans for future sales -- thereby accelerating the potential
decline of your association. The buck starts and stops with the board.

So my suggestion is simple: Adopt a "zero tolerance" policy and make sure this
message is sent to all owners on a periodic basis.

Benny L. Kass is a Washington attorney. For a free copy of the booklet "A Guide
to Settlement on Your New Home," send a self-addressed stamped envelope to Benny
L. Kass, Suite 1100, 1050 17th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20036. Readers also may
send questions to him at that address.

LOAD-DATE: October 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 31, 2010 Tuesday

Land bank on agenda for county officials

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 819 words


Aug. 31--Lucas County would get a land bank -- the second of its kind in Ohio --
aimed at turning the county's growing inventory of abandoned and foreclosed
property to good use, under legislation pending before the county board of
commissioners this morning.

If the Lucas County Land Reutilization Corp. gets a vote of approval from the
board of commissioners, the

new entity would have the power to acquire, market, and maintain properties that
sit neglected.

The funds to run the land bank would come from an increase in the interest rate
charged to delinquent taxpayers.

Lucas County Treasurer Wade Kapszukiewicz said the new entity would be able to
cut to 90 days the usual process of moving tax-delinquent properties through the
courts and to sheriff's auctions. It now can take up to two years.

"This program does a number of good things," Mr. Kapszukiewicz said. "Most
importantly it's going to raise property values across the board for citizens of
Lucas County whether or not they're facing foreclosure."

The program was approved in largely bipartisan votes in both houses of the
General Assembly and signed by Gov. Ted Strickland this year.

It is modeled after the land bank established in Flint, Mich., and is an
expansion of the program that was begun in Cuyahoga County in 2009.

Under the legislation, the interest rate charged to delinquent property tax
payers would rise to a maximum of 12 percent annually from the current 4 or 5
percent.

The fund is estimated to collect about $1.5 million a year from that source,
which is expected to be added to from grants and revenue from the sales of
property, Mr. Kapszukiewicz said.

Commissioner Pete Gerken said the goal is to clean up abandoned properties that
bring down the values of neighboring parcels.

"What we're looking to do with this is it will shorten the time frame that
houses will be delinquent and hopefully shorten the period of time that they can
do damage to a neighborhood," Mr. Gerken said.

The land bank also would be able to accept properties that are foreclosed as a
result of mortgage default and could accept any of the hundreds of vacant or
abandoned properties that the city has acquired.

The city sells the properties it owns when requested but doesn't have the
resources to market, maintain, or, if needed, demolish the houses it owns,
officials said.

After the commissioners vote on two resolutions, several public events are
planned involving representatives of the Center for Community Progress, of
Washington, Mr. Kapszukiewicz said.

Dan Kildee, who as treasurer of Genesee County, Michigan, where Flint is
located, pioneered the concept of an active land bank in 2002, is scheduled to
address local officials in a briefing at 10:30 a.m. Tuesday in Toledo City
Council chambers in Government Center.

Lucas County Commissioner Ben Konop said he, too, will vote to establish the
land bank, but said it bears close monitoring as it evolves

"There are some issues with it of oversight and accountability to make sure
there's no sweetheart deals to developers," Mr. Konop said.

"It's going to be a pretty sizable pool of funds. It's hard to say what the
results will be. Whatever we're doing now is minimal and it's not working."

Commissioner Tina Skeldon Wozniak could not be reached for comment.

The corporation would be run by a board of five to nine members, to include, by
statute, two county commissioners, the county treasurer as chairman, the mayor
of Toledo, an appointee from Sylvania Township, and someone with real-estate or
development experience.

Mr. Kapszukiewicz said the entity would have a full-time staff of one or two,
compared with 16 on the staff of the Cuyahoga County land bank.

Terry Glazer, chief executive officer of the United North community development
corporation that redevelops declining neighborhoods in North Toledo, said the
additional resources are welcome.

He said his group and others will look to the land bank to help develop
construction and rehabilitation projects in targeted areas rather than in random
vacant lots.

"It's not going to be the sole savior of neighborhoods. It's going to help,
obviously, with vacant property," Mr. Glazer said.

Mr. Kapszukiewicz said the fund probably would build an inventory of a couple
hundred properties initially -- starting Tuesday -- and would market them to
groups or developers who have an end use in mind. He said both Mercy St. Vincent
Medical Center and Toledo Hospital have expressed interest in acquiring
property.

-Tom Troy

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100831-TO-Land-bank-on-agenda-for-county-officials-0831-20100831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2010 The Blade


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           January 9, 2002 Wednesday

Judge chosen to oversee Juvenile Delinquent Court

BYLINE: Jill Miller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 238 words


In an effort to ease the caseload in the Monroe County Family Court System,
County Court Judge Elma Bellini will supervise a New Family Court Juvenile
Delinquent Court Part.

The New Family Court Juvenile Delinquent Court, part of the Family Court, will
handle all juvenile delinquent cases in Monroe County. Judge Bellini will
supervise the new part for one year after which she will return to county court.

"This new Juvenile Delinquent Court is one of the first in the state," Judge
Bellini explained. "It's a test program and is a way to reduce the caseload of
the family court judges."

Judge Bellini was selected for the assignment because of her experience in
dealing with criminal cases in Monroe County Court. She will handle all juvenile
delinquent cases, such as robbery, involving youths between the ages of 9 and
15.

The goal of the new court is to help eliminate the case load of family court
judges allowing them time to devote their energy to other types of cases.

"Although my heart is county court, I like the opportunity to get the new court
started," Judge Bellini said. "I believe my criminal experience will be of great
value in starting up this new court. I know it will be a challenge but I am sure
it will be one that I can handle."

The court opened its doors on January 2, 2002 and heard its first cases on
January 3.

Judge Bellini was elected to the bench in the November 2000 election.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 8, 2009 Sunday

Delinquent taxes spike in slumping economy

BYLINE: Dusty Ricketts, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 539 words


Nov. 8--Death and taxes are said to be the only certainties in life, but
nowadays some people are trying to delay the tax part.

As the economy has slumped the past three years, the amount of unpaid and
delinquent taxes in Okaloosa, Santa Rosa and Walton counties has skyrocketed.

From 2006 to 2008, unpaid property taxes in Okaloosa County increased by 226.1
percent. Walton County's numbers increased by 368.6 percent and Santa Rosa
County's went up a staggering 4,555 percent.

"The economy is making it tough on people," said Stan Nichols, Santa Rosa's tax
collector. "And obviously that's the hardest thing I see is someone coming in
here and either fear of losing their property or having to sell something that's
been in the family for a while breaks your heart. Statutorily, I have to do what
Florida Statutes say, but we are seeing an increase in delinquent taxes."

"Certainly, the economy plays into the factor in that people want to wait until
the last minute to pay their bill," Okaloosa County Tax Collector Chris Hughes
said. "So you'll notice even though there are a lot of delinquents on April 1, a
lot of those are paid before June 1 because people know they can wait before a
lien is put on their house."

In addition to the amount of unpaid taxes that have soared, the number of unsold
tax certificates has increased in the past three years. That has been
particularly true in Santa Rosa, where only 3,286 of the county's 7,229
certificates initially were sold this year.

Hughes said tax certificates usually are purchased by large investors seeking a
guaranteed return. In the past, investors purchased certificates on just about
any type of property, but they have become more selective in recent years.

"They do a lot of research to try to figure out if you're the type of person
that's going to pay your taxes or not pay them," Hughes said.

Taxes are due April 1 of each year, but are not considered delinquent until June
1. At that time, the counties host certificate sales, which get the counties
their money and the investors liens on the properties.

After the lien has been purchased, the property owner has two years to pay off
the back taxes, including interest, or risk having his or her property sold at
auction.

Tax certificates not purchased by investors go back to the county, which will
begin collecting an automatic 18 percent interest on the delinquent taxes.

"Based on the trend we've had the past three years, it looks like that number
will probably increase next year," said Rhonda Skipper, Walton County's tax
collector. "It just depends on how many people decide to pay their taxes
voluntarily.

"We certainly hope it gets better, but I have no way of foretelling the future,
unfortunately," she added. "I wish I could tell you we're on the uphill swing."

To see more of the Northwest Florida Daily News or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.nwfdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Northwest
Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091108-FO-Delinquent-taxes-spike-in-slumping-economy-1108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2009 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Internal Revenue Service: REVENUE OFFICER 14CW3-SBB1428-1169-13-CG

LENGTH: 2703  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:REVENUE OFFICER

Department:Department Of The Treasury

Agency:Internal Revenue Service

Job Announcement Number:14CW3-SBB1428-1169-13-CG
SALARY RANGE:
 $82,642.00 to $119,668.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, June 23, 2014 to Monday, July 07, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1169-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 9 vacancies in the following location(s):
Little Rock, AR
El Segundo, CA
Glendale, CA
Los Angeles, CA
San Bernardino, CA
More Locations  (13)
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current IRS employees on a Career or Career Conditional appt. in the
competitive service
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

WHAT DOES A REVENUE OFFICER DO? As a Revenue Officer you will be responsible for
collecting delinquent accounts, securing delinquent tax returns and determining
actions necessary to bring taxpayers into full compliance. In this position, the
cases assigned involve taxpayers and taxpaying entities with high income levels
from diversified sources including substantial foreign income and assets. You
will execute all procedures and processes consistent with the protection of
taxpayer rights afforded by law and in a manner than ensures the honesty and
integrity of the service.
WHAT IS THE SB/SE DIVISION?The Small Business/Self-Employed (SB/SE) Division
provides examinations and taxpayer education services for about 7 million small
businesses and upwards of 33 millions self-employed and supplemental income
taxpayers. SB/SE taxpayers generally have higher incomes than most taxpayers,
need to file twice as many tax forms, and generally need to rely more on paid
tax preparers and the taxpayer education outreach activities of the IRS.

Positions are located in SB/SE, Collections.  Locations are listed under
Qualifications Required.

**PLEASE READ PRIOR TO APPLYING TO THIS POSITION** When applying for this
position, please consider each location before selecting.  If you are selelcted
for a position which requires relocation, you are responsible to relocate at
your own expense and report on the negotiated start date.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Travel locally and/or overnight approximately one to five days per month

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."
    Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.

DUTIES:


As a Revenue Officer you will:

Collect delinquent tax and secure delinquent returns from taxpayers who have not
resolved their obligations.
    Conduct interviews with taxpayers and/or their representatives in different
environments such as the business location, residence or office as part of the
investigative process.
    Provide guidance on a wide range of financial problems to assist the
taxpayer in developing a plan of action to resolve all delinquencies.
    Analyze sophisticated financial statements/records that include balance
sheets, income statements and profit and loss statements.
    Search public records, tax returns, and financial and credit information to
locate distrainable assets.
    Perform complex credit and financial analysis and evaluation of assets on
casework involving actions.
    Recognize novel and complex issues that often arise in taking appropriate
enforcement action such as suits, seizures and injunctive relief actions.
    Compose complex correspondence, technical reports, research, affidavits,
statements and testimony necessary to support complex or sophisticated
collection action in court cases to Appeals and Criminal Investigation.

WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more
about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:


You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.

GS-13 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of
difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal
service. Specialized experience demonstrating the ability to: Collect delinquent
Federal taxes and securing delinquent returns; Conduct investigations of alleged
criminal violations of Federal tax statutes and making recommendations for
criminal prosecutions and civil penalties; Perform internal audits,
administrative, or management duties directly related to the collection of
Federal taxes; Furnish taxpayer assistance and information to the general public
or determine, redetermine, or advise of liability for Federal taxes.
At this level, you must demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of the Internal
Revenue Code and related regulations and procedures pertaining to income,
estate, gift, employment, or excise taxes; knowledge of a wide range of
investigative or analytical techniques and methods; Knowledge of accounting
practices and methods sufficient to analyze and evaluate financial
statements/records (e.g., balance sheets, profit and loss statements, income
statements, bank records, etc.) sufficient to locate distrainable assets,
determine ability to pay, and trace and follow income streams; Specialized
knowledge of tax and business laws, regulations, judicial processes, laws of
evidence, revenue rulings, precedent decisions, etc.; Ability to meet and deal
effectively with taxpayers and/or their representatives, who may be
uncooperative or hostile; and the Ability to write clear and concise examination
reports.

Additional Specialized Experience:

To be qualifying, your experience must be sufficient to demonstrate the ability
to: Conduct collection activities using a variety of Collection tools such as
levy, Notice of Federal Tax Lien, seizure, and suits involving multi-layered
and/or multi-entity nominee/alter-ego investigations. Comprehensive knowledge of
business laws, practices, judicial processes, rules of evidence, court decisions
and relationship between Federal and State laws. Secure delinquent returns using
a variety of tools such as summons and preparing substitute for returns per IRC
6020(b); use computer systems to capture information secured and to aid in the
collection of Federal taxes or delinquent Federal tax returns and to conduct
research such as locator services, credit bureau reports, and real estate
programs; prepare the assembly of trust fund recovery penalty files, suit and
seizure packages and lien activity packages including discharge, subordination,
and withdrawal as well as drafting special condition liens.

-The experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One
year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis.
-To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of
employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your
resume.

In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following, if
applicable:
You must have been at the GS-12 level for 52 weeks (time-in-grade requirement).


Positions to be filled in the following primary locations: 1 vac 3848 W columbus
Dr Tampa, FL; 1 vac 1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd W Palm Beach, FL; 1 vac 2283
Third Ave New York City, NY; 1 vac 3251 N Evergreen Dr NE Grand Rapids, MI; 2
vac to be filled in either 700 W Capitol Little Rock, AR 11309 Old Hwy 49
Gulfport, MS or 111 E Troy St Ste A Tupelo, MS; 1 vac 225 Green St Fayetteville,
NC; 2 vac to be filled in either 222 N Sepulveda El Segundo, CA 225 W Broadway
Glendale, CA 611 W Sixth St Los Angeles, CA or 290 N. D St San Bernardino, CA


Positions will only be made in alternate locations if not filled in primary
locations* ALTERNATES: 1645 S 101st E Ave Tulsa, OK; 2600 Citiplace Ste 375
Baton Rouge, LA; 4021-A Ambassador Caffery, Ste 172, Lafayette Plaza, Lafayette,
LA; 1555 Poydras St New Orleans, LA; 4905 Koger Blvd Greensboro, NC; 4405 Bland
Rd Raleigh, NC
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your resume, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your resume includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated on the CJEs of the position to be
filled per the National Agreement Article 13.

Your application will also be rated and ranked among others, based on your
responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education,
training, performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this
position. IRS employees may obtain most recent awards listing at
https://persinfo.web.irs.gov/

Your rating may be lowered, if your responses to the online questions are not
supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to
participate in a selection interview. We will not reimburse costs related to the
interview such as travel to and from the interview site

If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), you must receive a score of 80 or better to
be rated as well qualified to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:


You can review our benefits at:
https://careerconnector.jobs.treas.gov/cc/irs/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId
=2&jnum=108614


OTHER INFORMATION:
POSITION DESCRIPTIONS 95517
An IRS intranet website is available for IRS Employees at website:
http://apps2.dss.swro.swr.irs.gov/spds/spds.exe?cmd=searchSpd

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

This is a bargainingunit position.
    Alternative work schedule, staggered work hours or telework may be
available.
    Tour of Duty: 7:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. start time negotiable
    The employment of any candidate, including a current employee or a new hire,
selected for this position may be conditional upon classification and/or audit
of federal tax returns. This audit may include up to 2 years of returns.
    Obtain and maintain a Moderate Risk clearance
    There may be extensive walking, standing and bending or driving an
automobile during the course of the duty day in order to conduct multiple field
contacts.  Revenue Officers are also required to carry files containing case
histories, forms, and other documents as well as a laptop computer in order to
conduct official business.

NOTE:  YOU MUST SUBMIT ALL DOCUMENTATION BY 11:59 P.M. ET ON THE CLOSING DATE OF
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR CONSIDERATION.

HOW TO APPLY:

The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

Treasury believes in a working environment that supports inclusion; please view
our reasonable accommodation policies and procedures at
http://jobs.irs.gov/seasonal/reasonable-accommodation.html. We will provide
reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a case-by-case
basis. Please contact Katie Haugen @ 801-620-6525 if you require this for any
part of the application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.
    You will be re-directed to Treasury's CareerConnector system to complete
your application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents. To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.
    To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.
    To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account,
select the Application Status link and then select the more information link for
this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received.
    To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and
click Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your
resume and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will
be incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
CareerConnector Help Desk at careerconnectorhelp@treasury.gov and/or the USAJOBS
Help Desk.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A resume, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you will not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.)
http://www.jobs.irs.gov/downloads/CoverLetterTips.pdf
To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/year and
number of hours worked for experience listed on your resume. We suggest that you
preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your resume to ensure
that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view resume tips
http://www.jobs.irs.gov/downloads/ResumeTips.pdf
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) DOCUMENTATION
If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee, click CTAP for eligibility
and a detailed list of required documents. IRS CTAP eligibles can apply for jobs
within and outside the commuting area.

IRS Reassignment Preference Program (RPP)
You must meet the requirements in your RPP notice. Submit a copy of your RPP
Notice along with a copy of your most recent annual performance appraisal. Your
performance appraisal must have a fully successful or higher overall rating.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL/AWARDS
Submit a copy of your most recent completed performance appraisal.

EMPLOYMENT DOCUMENTATION
EDUCATION DOCUMENTATION
If you are qualifying for this position by substituting education or training
for experience, submit a copy of your transcripts or equivalent. If the position
has specific education requirements and you are currently (or have previously
been) in the Federal job series to be filled, there is no need to submit a
transcript or equivalent at this time.

An official transcript will be required if you are selected.

A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or
pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of
Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to
Department of Education Accreditation page.
If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of
creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Refer to the
OPM instructions.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
IRS Jobs Online Help Desk
Phone: 866-743-5748 Option 1
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: hco.ogdenemp3@irs.gov
Agency Information:
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE
1973 N Rulon White Blvd
M/S 1513
Ogden, UT
84404
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status."
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement. Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              July 1, 2005 Friday

County treasurer working to collect delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Diana M. Alba

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 444 words


Sun-News reporter

Dona Ana County could have given up about $635,000 to the state of New Mexico
today, the start of the state's fiscal year.

That's the amount of interest and penalties accrued on delinquent property taxes
from 2002. The county turns over delinquent taxes to the state after three
years, but when that happens, it doesn't get to keep the interest or penalties
on those taxes, said County Treasurer Jim Schoonover.

Schoonover, who took office in January, said his office has been working to draw
in delinquent taxes from 2002, so the county won't lose the interest and
penalties to the state. The treasurer's office has collected $595,000 of the
penalties and interest owed, so the state will get about $40,000.

"There was very little tax collection done before January," Schoonover said.

Part of the reason so many taxes were delinquent was because addresses for
taxpayers hadn't been updated, Schoonover said. To deal with this problem, he
hired a temporary employee, who worked to send out notices and update addresses.

"We had 10-15 bins of returned mail," he said, but the temporary employee worked
to track down correct addresses.

Tax rates for county residents decrease when a greater proportion of property
owners pays their taxes, Schoonover said, which is an important reason to ensure
taxes get collected.

"We want to work very hard to make our taxes fair for everyone," he said.

County Manager Brian Haines said money from penalties and interest on delinquent
taxes goes into the county's general fund, which the board of commissioners uses
for various purposes, such as funding law enforcement and the clerk's office.

"Every little bit helps to support these operations," he said. "In general it's
pretty evident to me that Jim is putting more effort into collecting taxes that
I've seen in previous years."

Dona Ana County Commissioner Kent Evans, a Republican, said he has been pleased
with Schoonover's performance so far.

"I think he's highly qualified for the position, and I think he's doing a great
job," Evans said. "I'm just really impressed."

Commissioner Oscar Vasquez-Butler, a Democrat, said it's possible some credit
for the success in the treasurer's office could be attributable to the former
treasurer, David Gutierrez.

"I'm not trying to discredit (Schoonover)," he said. "If he's doing a good job,
great < that's his job."

Diana M. Alba can be reached at dalba@lcsun-news.com

Unpaid tax penalties

Unpaid tax penalties and interest turned over to the state:

2004: $165,000

2003: $90,000

2002: $210,000

2001: $302,000

Source: Dona Ana County treasurer's office

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                              June 12, 1989 Monday

HESITANT 'DELINQUENT' SLOWLY FINDS HIS NICHE

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: GAGLIARDI J

LENGTH: 866 words


Hesitant "delinquent' slowly finds his niche By JASON GAGLIARDI AMERICAN actor
Charlie Schlatter says he was ""a little hesitant" about starring opposite Kylie
Minogue in the film The Delinquents. Charlie said he had never seen Kylie act
before and was not sure what to expect when he arrived for The Delinquents'
first rehearsal. ""But as soon as we started doing rehearsals, I felt real
secure and I knew it was going to be great," he said. ""Kylie's fantastic. One
of the best actresses I have worked with, actually. ""I think when people see
this film they are going to be full from eating a lot of words." The Delinquents
is scheduled for national release on December 26. With filming almost over,
Charlie said he was disappointed he had not had time to see more of Australia.
He plans to return for a holiday as soon as he can. ""I got to go to Noosa for a
night, which was nice, except it rained. I got to go to Melbourne for a night,
which was nice, except it rained," he said. ""This film is interrupting my
Australian vacation, to tell you the truth. ""But I'd love to come back. I'm
going to come back for a month if I can and just travel around to Port Douglas
and maybe outback somewhere." In The Delinquents _ shot mainly in Maryborough
and Brisbane _ Charlie plays Brownie Hansen, a 1950s bodgie. ""I just play this
kid in the '50s who falls in love," Charlie said. ""He goes through a lot of
changes; it's a real coming-of-age story about a kid trying to find himself and
find his little niche in the world. ""It's nice, it's real romantic." Charlie
said he had been spared the ordeal of trying to master an Australian accent for
the film. ""I play an American, which I think adds to my character," he said.
""He's real lonely and I think his being an American in Australia is quite
lonely for him and seems to isolate the character." Charlie was born and raised
in New Jersey. He said he started acting while at high school to impress a
girlfriend. His parents persuaded him to attend New York's Ithaca College, where
he majored in musical theatre and appeared in West Side Story, The Boyfriend and
Grease. He is also an accomplished drummer and pianist and writes his own songs.
Charlie made his film debut as Michael J. Fox's younger brother in Bright
Lights, Big City and has since starred in 18 Again with George Burns and in the
Touchstone film Heartbreak Hotel, due for video release in Brisbane on June 29.
""I've been real fortunate with the people I've worked with," Charlie said. ""I
think once you start off with a good crew, with a good cast and everything,
people see you in that league and they want to match you with other people of
the same calibre." Charlie has not performed on stage in the past few years,
having moved to Los Angeles after beginning his acting career. ""It's kind of
tough in the States because once you get locked in the one industry, they kind
of want to keep you there," he said. But he hopes to return to the stage later
this year. ""What I like about theatre is that it's live and it's right there,"
Charlie said. ""But I like the whole film process _ doing little bits here and
there, keeping in mind the whole set design and what's going to happen and
actually having a project that's going to last for a lifetime rather than just
having to live for the moment." When he returns to America, Charlie said he
would begin shooting a new television series, The Pink Panther, which he would
own with MGM and United Artists. ""It's like a cross between Who Framed Roger
Rabbit, The Purple Rose of Cairo and Harvey _ it's got all those weird
elements," he said. Charlie said his hobby was stand-up comedy and as the
interview progressed, he seemed unable to resist honing his skills. Were there
any actors he looked up to? ""The tall ones. Gene Hackman is very tall, I always
look up to him at parties." Did he have something original to contribute to
film? ""No. Nothing at all. I feel as though I'm just a run-of-the-mill grade-B
actor who is very fortunate to be alive." Did he have any ambitions to take his
music further? ""I'm going to take my stereo back to the States." Seriously?
""In Heartbreak Hotel I play guitar and I have to sing. After that movie, RCA
picked up the soundtrack and approached me and they wanted me to do an album
with them. ""At the time we left it on the back burner because I didn't feel I
was ready. I just want to wait until I feel like I have my songs where I want
them to be, until I think they're ready. ""It's very hard for
actors-turned-musicians in the States because Americans tend to puke on that
kind of idea _ "Oh he's an actor, how can he be a musician?' ""It's just the
opposite for musicians who come into movies. People love that. If Billy Joel was
starring in a movie people would fly to see him." When the time was right,
Charlie said he would ""jump at the chance" to record an album. Until then, his
fans will have to content themselves with seeing him on the silver screen.
CHARLIE SCHLATTER . . . ""I think when people see this film they are going to be
full from eating a lot of words." USE QUOTE ONLY IF NEEDED Kylie's fantastic.
One of the best actresses I have worked with

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                    May 2012

Shadow Inventory Stays Flat

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26 Vol. 16 No. 6

LENGTH: 503  words


No matter how one looks at the current residential shadow inventory data it does
not indicate improvements, even though the overall numbers remained flat at 1.6
million units as of January 2012, according to CoreLogic.

Findings show that despite a total of 3 million distressed sales since January
2009, "the period when home prices were declining at their fastest rate," the
shadow inventory in January 2012 is at the same level as it was in January 2009.

Moreover, it is "approximately four times higher" than its low point of about
380,000 properties it reached at the peak of the housing bubble in mid-2006.

According to CoreLogic's chief economist Mark Fleming, the shadow inventory
persists at almost flat levels regardless of signs of improvement in many other
housing market metrics.

The shadow inventory, or the number of homes not yet in the foreclosure process,
"is approximately half of the size of all visible inventory listings" as for
every two homes available for sale, there is one home in the "shadows."

The best news appears to be the fact that the shadow inventory is almost at the
same level as it was in October 2011, or equal to a six-month supply, that
represents half of the 3 million properties currently seriously delinquent, in
foreclosure or REO.

Another finding: While the overall supply of homes in the shadow inventory is
declining versus a year ago, the declines are being driven by higher balance
loans.

Currently the highest concentration of shadow inventory is for loans with loan
balances between $100,000 and $125,000. But that may change, too, since the
number of loans with balances of $75,000 or less, that are part of the shadow
inventory, increased 3% compared to a year ago.

As expected, most of the inventory is concentrated in states with long
foreclosure timelines and those more severely impacted by price declines such as
Florida, California and Illinois, which account for over one-third of the total,
followed by New York, Texas and New Jersey.

Short sales and foreclosure sales helped offset some of the flow into the shadow
inventory of new loans that are 90 days or more delinquent, or seriously
delinquent.

Year-over-year the shadow inventory decreased from 1.8 million units in January
2011 to 1.6 million this January, "offset by the roughly equal flow of
distressed sales" seen in some hard-hit markets were the demand for REO and
distressed property is now outstripping supply, according to Anand Nallathambi,
president and CEO for CoreLogic.

Of the 1.6 million properties currently in the shadow inventory 800,000 units
are seriously delinquent, 410,000 are in some stage of foreclosure and 400,000
are already in REO.

Year-over-year the total percent of borrowers who were 60 days or more
delinquent-irrespective of delinquency status today-increased to 15.5% in
January 2012, up from 14.3%. Also borrowers who passed the 60-day delinquency
mark in the past but were "cured" and are now current on their payments
increased to 7.2% in January 2012 up from 5.7% a year ago.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              June 2, 2014 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Yes, some federal workers late with taxes

BYLINE: W. Gardner Selby American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 403 words


Conservative activist Michael Quinn Sullivan stirred our interest with this
tweet: "From the 'Do As I Say Not As I Do' department: federal employees owe
$3.3 billion in back taxes."

The leader of Empower Texans told us he based this statement on something he
read in an Associated Press news article, posted online May 22. The AP report
opened: "From workers in Congress and at the White House to active-duty troops,
more than 318,000 federal employees and retirees owe just over $3.3 billion in
back taxes, the Internal Revenue Service said."

The described tally, effective as of Sept. 30, included 714 of about 17,000 U.S.
Senate and House employees, according to IRS officials, though the data behind
its report did not indicate whether members of Congress were delinquent on
taxes. The story said 36 of nearly 1,800 workers at the White House and its
agencies owed taxes, though again there was no detailed breakdown.

To our inquiry, a Washington, D.C.-based IRS spokesman, Bruce Friedland, emailed
the relevant agency chart presenting the number of delinquent workers and
retirees for about 100 federal agencies.

According to the chart, that $3.3 billion owed was a slight decrease from the
$3.38 billion owed by federal workers and retirees a year earlier.

The share of delinquent workers and retirees inched up from 3.2 percent to
nearly 3.3 percent of all people in those categories, based on 318,462 of nearly
9.8 million total retirees and employees, the chart says.

Then again, federal workers and retirees appear to be less widely delinquent
than taxpayers in general. The AP story said the IRS estimates at least 8.7
percent of all taxpayers are delinquent.

Sullivan, nudged about this aspect, emailed: "So what?... Federal employees
should owe zero."

Our ruling:

Sullivan tweeted: "From the 'Do As I Say Not As I Do' department: federal
employees owe $3.3 billion in back taxes."

That dollar total is correct, though this message didn't acknowledge that the
3-plus percent of delinquent federal employees and retirees compares with nearly
9 percent of taxpayers in general.

Basically, fewer federal employees fail to pony up on time.

We rate this claim, which lacks this clarifying information, as Mostly True.

Contact W. Gardner Selby

at 512-445-3644.

Twitter: @gardnerselby

@politifacttexas

Michael Quinn Sullivan
  Statement: "From the 'Do As I Say Not As I Do' department: federal employees
owe $3.3 billion in back taxes."


LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday

Payments not getting from bank to village on time

BYLINE: Jo Ann Hustis, Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 455 words


March 16--SENECA -- Commissioner Mark Victor is trying to wade through a water
billing problem, and would welcome a few suggestions.

Or, maybe it's a postal problem. Whichever, he'd like to find a solution.

"The village staff is taking a ton of heat for it," Victor told the council at
the bi-monthly meeting Tuesday evening while explaining an apparent delinquent
water bill issue that first made waves two billing periods ago.

Water users in Seneca have the option of paying their water bills in person
during business hours at the village hall, or depositing their payment in the
24-hour drop-off box at the building. Some customers take advantage of a third
option, and pay the bill at the local bank. The bank mails the receipts to the
village hall.

Bills not paid by the deadline incur a penalty. Of the 900 municipal water
customers in the village, about 30 were dunned for late payment two months ago,
and 15 last month. The hang-up developed when the customers insisted they had
paid their bills on time at the bank.

"The problem seemed to be the time between the bank and the Post Office," Victor
said, noting an apparent snafu when the automatic zip code reader sent the first
batch of receipts to Philadelphia, Pa., instead of a couple blocks across town
to the village hall.

By the time the receipts were redirected from Pennsylvania to Seneca, they were
delinquent. The penalty for a delinquent water bill is $2.70 per month.

Not that it's a lot of money, Victor said. The problem is in erasing the penalty
on one batch of bills that appear delinquent, which means the same would have to
be done on all delinquent bills for that month's billing period.

"It was a small problem at the beginning, but now it's getting big," he said.
"The bank tells us the customers are making their payments on time. But the
transition is sometimes 10 days from the bank to the Post Office to us."

Allowing three more days before the bill becomes delinquent would dam up the
village's automatic billing cycle system, Victor noted. Also, the village does
not accept on-line payments on bills.

Doing so would be too costly for small villages like Seneca, he said.

However, the problem might solve itself if the Postal System carries out its
proposal to shutter Post Offices in many small communities across the nation in
an austerity move.

"So, the problem of the bills might be out of our hands in a little while
anyway," Victor noted.

To see more of The Morris Daily Herald, go to http://www.morrisdailyherald.com.
Copyright (c) 2011, Morris Daily Herald, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110316-1MO-Payments-not-getting-from-bank-to-village-on-time-0316-20110316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MO


                                 Copyright 2011


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Arizona: SENATE BILL 1369

LENGTH: 2089  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Office of the Legislative, The State of Arizona has issued the following bill:

AN ACT

amending sections 8-382, 8-409, 13-4401 and 13-4430, Arizona Revised Statutes;
relating to victims' rights.

(TEXT OF BILL BEGINS ON NEXT PAGE)


Be it enacted by the Legislature of the State of Arizona:

Section 1.  Section 8-382, Arizona Revised Statutes, is amended to read:

8-382.  Definitions

In this article, unless the context otherwise requires:

1.  "Accused" means a juvenile who is referred to juvenile court for committing
a delinquent act.

2.  "Appellate proceeding" means any contested matter before the state court of
appeals, the state supreme court, a federal court of appeals or the United
States supreme court.

3.  "Arrest" means the actual custodial restraint or temporary custody of a
person.

4.  "Court" means the juvenile division of the superior court when exercising
its jurisdiction over children in any proceeding relating to delinquency.

5.  "Crime victim advocate" means a person who is employed or authorized by a
public entity or a  private entity that receives public funding primarily to
provide counseling, treatment or other supportive assistance to crime victims.

6.  "Custodial agency" means any law enforcement officer or agency, a sheriff, a
county juvenile detention center, the department of juvenile corrections or a
secure mental health facility that has custody of a person who is arrested or in
custody for a delinquent or incorrigible offense.

7.  "Delinquency proceeding" means any hearing, argument or other matter that is
scheduled or held by a juvenile court judge, commissioner or hearing officer and
that relates to an alleged or adjudicated delinquent offense.

8.  "Delinquent" means a child who is adjudicated to have committed a delinquent
act.

9.  "Delinquent act" means an act to which this article applies pursuant to
section 8[#x2011]381.

10.  "Detention hearing" means the accused's initial appearance before the court
to determine release before adjudication.

11.  "Final disposition" means the ultimate termination of the delinquency
proceeding by a court, including dismissal, acquittal, transfer to adult court
or imposition of a disposition after an adjudication for a delinquent offense.

12.  "Immediate family" means a victim's spouse, parent, child, sibling,
grandparent or lawful guardian.

13.  "Juvenile defendant" means a juvenile against whom a petition is filed
seeking to have the juvenile adjudicated delinquent.

14.  "Lawful representative" means a person who is designated by the victim or
appointed by the court and who will act in the best interests of the victim.

15.  "Postadjudication release" means release on probation, intensive probation,
work furlough, community supervision or home detention, release on conditional
liberty pursuant to section 41[#x2011]2818 by the department of juvenile
corrections or any other permanent, conditional or temporary release from
confinement, discharge or completion of commitment by the department of juvenile
corrections, a sheriff, a municipal jail, a juvenile detention center, a
residential treatment facility or a secure mental health facility.

16.  "Postadjudication review hearing" means a hearing that is held in open
court and that involves a request by the juvenile for review of a disposition.

17.  "Postarrest release" means the discharge of the accused from confinement.

18.  "Release" means no longer in the custody of the custodial agency and
includes transfer from one custodial agency to another custodial agency.

19.  "Rights" means any right granted to the victim by the laws of this state.

20.  "Victim" means a person against whom the delinquent act was committed, or
if the person is killed or incapacitated, the person's spouse, parent, child,
grandparent or sibling, any other person related to the person by consanguinity
or affinity to the second degree or any other lawful representative of the
person, except if the person or the person's spouse, parent, child, grandparent,
sibling, other person related to the person by consanguinity or affinity to the
second degree or other lawful representative is in custody for an offense or is
the accused.

Sec. 2.  Section 8-409, Arizona Revised Statutes, is amended to read:

8-409.  Consultation between crime victim advocate and victim; privileged
information; exception

A.  A crime victim advocate shall not disclose as a witness or otherwise any
communication except compensation or restitution information between the
advocate and made by or with the victim, including any communication made to or
in the presence of others, unless the victim consents in writing to the
disclosure.

B.  Unless the victim consents in writing to the disclosure, a crime victim
advocate shall not disclose records, notes, documents, correspondence, reports
or memoranda, except compensation or restitution information, that contain
opinions, theories or other information made while advising, counseling or
assisting the victim or that are based on the communication between
communications made by or with the victim and the advocate, including
communications made to or in the presence of others.

C.  The communication is not privileged if the crime victim advocate knows that
the victim will give or has given perjured testimony or if the communication
contains exculpatory material.

D.  An accused may make a motion for disclosure of privileged information.  If
the court finds there is reasonable cause to believe the material is
exculpatory, the court shall hold a hearing in camera.  Material that the court
finds is exculpatory shall be disclosed to the accused.

E.  If, with the written or verbal consent of the victim, the crime victim
advocate discloses to the prosecutor or a law enforcement agency any
communication between the victim and the crime victim advocate or any records,
notes, documents, correspondence, reports or memoranda, the prosecutor or law
enforcement agent shall disclose the material to the accused's attorney only if
the information is otherwise discoverable exculpatory.

F.  Notwithstanding subsections A and B, if a crime victim advocate is employed
or authorized by a prosecutor's office, the advocate may disclose information to
the prosecutor with the oral consent of the victim.

Sec. 3.  Section 13-4401, Arizona Revised Statutes, is amended to read:

13-4401.  Definitions

In this chapter, unless the context otherwise requires:

1.  "Accused" means a person who has been arrested for committing a criminal
offense and who is held for an initial appearance or other proceeding before
trial.

2.  "Appellate proceeding" means any contested matter before the state court of
appeals, the state supreme court, a federal court of appeals or the United
States supreme court.

3.  "Arrest" means the actual custodial restraint of a person or the person's
submission to custody.

4.  "Court" means all state, county and municipal courts in this state.

5.  "Crime victim advocate" means a person who is employed or authorized by a
public entity or a  private entity that receives public funding primarily to
provide counseling, treatment or other supportive assistance to crime victims.

6.  "Criminal offense" means conduct that gives a peace officer or prosecutor
probable cause to believe that one of the following has occurred:

(a)  A felony.

(b)  A misdemeanor involving physical injury, the threat of physical injury or a
sexual offense.

7.  "Criminal proceeding" means any hearing, argument or other matter that is
scheduled by and held before a trial court but does not include any deposition,
lineup, grand jury proceeding or other matter that is not held in the presence
of the court.

8.  "Custodial agency" means any law enforcement officer or agency, a sheriff or
municipal jailer, the state department of corrections or a secure mental health
facility that has custody of a person who is arrested or in custody for a
criminal offense.

9.  "Defendant" means a person or entity that is formally charged by complaint,
indictment or information of committing a criminal offense.

10.  "Final disposition" means the ultimate termination of the criminal
prosecution of a defendant by a trial court, including dismissal, acquittal or
imposition of a sentence.

11.  "Immediate family" means a victim's spouse, parent, child, sibling,
grandparent or lawful guardian.

12.  "Lawful representative" means a person who is designated by the victim or
appointed by the court and who acts in the best interests of the victim.

13.  "Post[#x2011]arrest release" means the discharge of the accused from
confinement on recognizance, bond or other condition.

14.  "Post[#x2011]conviction release" means parole, work furlough, community
supervision, probation if the court waived community supervision pursuant to
section 13[#x2011]603, home arrest or any other permanent, conditional or
temporary discharge from confinement in the custody of the state department of
corrections or a sheriff or from confinement in a municipal jail or a secure
mental health facility.

15.  "Post[#x2011]conviction relief proceeding" means a contested argument or
evidentiary hearing that is held in open court and that involves a request for
relief from a conviction or sentence.

16.  "Prisoner" means a person who has been convicted of a criminal offense
against a victim and who has been sentenced to the custody of the sheriff, the
state department of corrections, a municipal jail or a secure mental health
facility.

17.  "Release" means no longer in the custody of a custodial agency and includes
transfer from one custodial agency to another custodial agency.

18.  "Rights" means any right that is granted to the victim by the laws of this
state.

19.  "Victim" means a person against whom the criminal offense has been
committed, including a minor, or if the person is killed or incapacitated, the
person's spouse, parent, child, grandparent or sibling, any other person related
to the person by consanguinity or affinity to the second degree or any other
lawful representative of the person, except if the person or the person's
spouse, parent, child, grandparent, sibling, other person related to the person
by consanguinity or affinity to the second degree or other lawful representative
is in custody for an offense or is the accused.

Sec. 4.  Section 13-4430, Arizona Revised Statutes, is amended to read:

13-4430.  Consultation between crime victim advocate and victim; privileged
information; exception

A.  A crime victim advocate shall not disclose as a witness or otherwise any
communication except compensation or restitution information between himself and
made by or with the victim, including any communication made to or in the
presence of others, unless the victim consents in writing to the disclosure.

B.  Unless the victim consents in writing to the disclosure, a crime victim
advocate shall not disclose records, notes, documents, correspondence, reports
or memoranda, except compensation or restitution information, that contain
opinions, theories or other information made while advising, counseling or
assisting the victim or that are based on the communication between
communications made by or with the victim and the advocate, including
communications made to or in the presence of others.

C.  The communication is not privileged if the crime victim advocate knows that
the victim will give or has given perjured testimony or if the communication
contains exculpatory evidence.

D.  A defendant may make a motion for disclosure of privileged information.  If
the court finds there is reasonable cause to believe the material is
exculpatory, the court shall hold a hearing in camera.  Material that the court
finds is exculpatory shall be disclosed to the defendant.

E.  If, with the written or verbal consent of the victim, the crime victim
advocate discloses to the prosecutor or a law enforcement agency any
communication between the victim and the crime victim advocate or any records,
notes, documents, correspondence, reports or memoranda, the prosecutor or law
enforcement agent shall disclose such material to the defendant's attorney only
if such information is otherwise discoverable exculpatory.

F.  Notwithstanding subsections A and B, if a crime victim consents either
verbally or in writing, a crime victim advocate may disclose information to
other professionals and administrative support persons that the advocate works
with for the purpose of assisting the advocate in providing services to the
victim and to the court in furtherance of any victim's right pursuant to this
chapter.

For further information please visit: http://www.azleg.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Eight downtown properties on S. Kansas Avenue delinquent on taxes

BYLINE: Aly Van Dyke.

aly.vandyke@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 1454 words


Eight properties on S. Kansas Avenue between 3rd and 10th streets are at least
five months delinquent on their 2013 taxes. Combined, the properties owed nearly
$241,000 in back taxes and interest by the end of August.

Adding in other years of delinquencies brings that amount to $620,000.

Six fall in the 700 and 900 blocks of the avenue - right in the middle of the
downtown revitalization effort that to date has pulled in nearly $8 million
between Topeka tax dollars and private funds.

The success of an area depends on the health of the businesses in it, said Edie
Smith, director of marketing and membership for Downtown Topeka Inc. For that
reason, she said, DTI and other partners in the city have worked hard to fill
vacancies - a process that starts by getting the properties out of the hands of
"absentee owners."

Since the start of 2013, 12 buildings along S. Kansas Avenue between 6th and
10th streets have been sold to new local owners, said DTI CEO Vince Frye. Most
of the vacant properties have plans in the works, he said.

Out of town, absentee and delinquent owners along Kansas Avenue, Frye said, soon
will be a thing of the past.

"The people we're working with already realize the great potential for the
future of downtown," Frye said. "We have not been able to finalize anything that
we can make an announcement, but I can tell you there are lots of things that
are being worked at this moment that are very exciting and we think will be
exactly what we want for downtown."

The Topeka Capital-Journal paid $55 for county databases that list property
identification numbers, addresses, owner addresses, property taxes owed and
appraised values. The data reflect delinquencies, with interest, as of Aug. 27.

Top delinquencies

The three properties in the 900 block only show as being delinquent on Aug. 27
for this year's taxes, which were due May 10.

The three in the 700 block, however, have been delinquent since 2011:

- The old Crosby Brothers building. and current home to U.S. Bank, 719 S.
Kansas, delinquent $459,383.77;

- The old Palace Clothing Co. building at 709 S. Kansas, delinquent $94,142.66;
and

- 705 S. Kansas, delinquent $41,855.53.

With another delinquent property at 823 S.E. Quincy, owner Kanza Capital LLC
owed nearly $715,000 in back taxes and interest as of Oct. 9 on just those four
properties.

The time the properties have been delinquent is well within the county's limit
of two years to pursue a tax sale on commercial property. In fact, Kanza Capital
has six properties - those four and another two on S.W. Executive Drive off
Huntoon - on the next list to go to the title company, one of the final steps
toward a county tax sale.

The phone number listed for the company no longer is active, but a statement
from the Kansas Department of Revenue on Aug. 7, 2013, states the department
seized the assets of Kanza Construction and Kanza Services for owing $1.15
million in state sales and withholding taxes.

Company owner Steve Hutchinson bought up the Kansas Avenue properties more than
a decade ago with the intent of restoring and developing the downtown properties
into condominiums, according to Capital-Journal archives. An editorial from 2002
contends renovating the properties "could do a lot toward recapturing the feel
of downtown Topeka in its heyday."

This year alone, Kanza Capital on Aug. 27 owed $264,000 in back taxes and
interest on seven properties.

That is about $9,000 short from the top spot, which again belongs to Topeka
developer Kent Lindemuth. Lindemuth, who filed for bankruptcy near the end of
2012, still has 28 properties registered to his two primary company addresses
for a combined $273,000 in back taxes this year.

Two other property owner addresses had outstanding tax bills of more than
$100,000 as of Aug. 27.

Donna and Perry Marney had 32 delinquent properties, amounting to a total of
$179,308.79 in back taxes.

Reached by telephone Oct. 7 and again Oct. 15, the Marneys indicated they
intended to pay the back taxes before The Topeka Capital-Journal ran this story.

As of Oct. 16, the Marneys had completely paid off nine properties and partially
paid off another, leaving 23 properties delinquent for more than $134,000.

The couple cited several reasons for the delayed payment, including the slow
economy and the fact that half of the property taxes are tied up in escrow with
two banks that don't make tax payments until Dec. 20.

"Obviously we're going to pay them," Donna Marney said. "We're definitely not
people who don't pay our bills."

Perry Marney said he didn't care about most of the remaining properties owed.
The more than $38,700 delinquency at Arbor Valley Senior Home, 6423 S.W. Huntoon
St., will be taken care of once its sale goes through, he said. And 20
properties sit in a development currently caught up in a bankruptcy, so none of
the owners are paying taxes, he said.

Hallmark also topped the list, with $139,986.18 in property taxes and interest
owed. The plant and warehouse, 240 S.E. Madison, was purchased in September 2013
by Industrial Realty Group.

Updated records show the company paid the tax bill Oct. 10 - two days after
first being contacted by The Capital-Journal for this story. A spokeswoman
insisted the records were mistaken.

Interest rate change

Commercial properties can be delinquent two years before the county can start
pursuing a tax sale - though only a small percentage of properties actually make
it that far, Eckert said.

In fact, more than 95 percent of property owners typically pay their taxes on
time - a figure Eckert plans to include in future demand letters, as studies
have shown it leads to quicker repayments.

As of Aug. 27, 5,266 Shawnee County properties were delinquent for a total of
$6.6 million in taxes and interest, county records show.

That compares to one year ago, when some 5,800 properties owed $8.5 million.

The number of delinquent properties has been decreasing the past few years -
something Eckert attributed to the economy.

But that might not be the case going forward, he said.

Lower interest rates on delinquent properties go into effect Jan. 1, 2015, and
could entice more properties to delay their tax payments.

"Tactically, it could be in the better interest of a business to not pay taxes,
because it's cheaper than the bank loan to keep the business going," Eckert
said. "That's not fair to everybody who pays their taxes on time."

The Kansas Legislature last session approved lowering interest rates on
delinquent taxes from 6 percent to 4 percent - lower than the rates for some
commercial loans, Eckert said. Interest rates for properties owing $10,000 or
more will fall from the three-year standard of 12 percent to 10 percent.

The issue, he said, will be a focus of county lobbying firms this legislative
session, he said.

Tax sales

Shawnee County historically has held two tax sales each year, but, this year, it
only has enough properties for one sale, Eckert said.

Shawnee County data show 130 properties - 0.2 percent of the county's 75,000 -
have been delinquent at least two years. Combined, they owe $2 million.

The county can start tax sale action after the property has been delinquent
three years for residential and two years for commercial.

Some commercial properties, however, are delinquent three, four, even seven
years, according to county data.

The primary reason for that is bankruptcies, Eckert said. And some - namely
vacant tracts of land that can't be developed - haven't been acted upon for
strategic reasons.

"We strategically pick properties based on their inherent value," he said. "If
the property won't sell, county taxpayers become the owners."

Every single property of the past six tax sales has sold, he said.

Also, the tax sale process takes time.

More than one year can pass from when owners receive notice their property will
be sent to a title company and when the county files the lawsuit. That primarily
is because the title company's search for all the entities with an interest in
the property takes several months, and the county waits until it has at least
120 properties before filing a suit, Eckert said. Another six to nine months
pass between filing the lawsuit and the actual tax sale, he said.

That gives property owners time to make payments on their properties - they have
to clear at least one year's worth of debt prior to the lawsuit to avoid being
listed. After the lawsuit is filed, Eckert said, they have to pay the total
amount due to avoid their property going to sale.

Ultimately, tax sales are motivated by three factors, he said: To recover taxes,
to secure future taxes and to ensure the property is being kept up.

That, he added, is an important factor in neighborhood health.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Internal Revenue Service: REVENUE OFFICER 14CW3-SBB1428-1169-13-CG

LENGTH: 2718  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:REVENUE OFFICER

Department:Department Of The Treasury

Agency:Internal Revenue Service

Job Announcement Number:14CW3-SBB1428-1169-13-CG
SALARY RANGE:
 $82,642.00 to $119,668.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, June 23, 2014 to Monday, July 07, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1169-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 9 vacancies in the following location(s):
Little Rock, AR View Map
El Segundo, CA View Map
Glendale, CA View Map
Los Angeles, CA View Map
San Bernardino, CA View Map
More Locations  (13)
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current IRS employees on a Career or Career Conditional appt. in the
competitive service
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

WHAT DOES A REVENUE OFFICER DO? As a Revenue Officer you will be responsible for
collecting delinquent accounts, securing delinquent tax returns and determining
actions necessary to bring taxpayers into full compliance. In this position, the
cases assigned involve taxpayers and taxpaying entities with high income levels
from diversified sources including substantial foreign income and assets. You
will execute all procedures and processes consistent with the protection of
taxpayer rights afforded by law and in a manner than ensures the honesty and
integrity of the service.
WHAT IS THE SB/SE DIVISION?The Small Business/Self-Employed (SB/SE) Division
provides examinations and taxpayer education services for about 7 million small
businesses and upwards of 33 millions self-employed and supplemental income
taxpayers. SB/SE taxpayers generally have higher incomes than most taxpayers,
need to file twice as many tax forms, and generally need to rely more on paid
tax preparers and the taxpayer education outreach activities of the IRS.

Positions are located in SB/SE, Collections.  Locations are listed under
Qualifications Required.

**PLEASE READ PRIOR TO APPLYING TO THIS POSITION** When applying for this
position, please consider each location before selecting.  If you are selelcted
for a position which requires relocation, you are responsible to relocate at
your own expense and report on the negotiated start date.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Travel locally and/or overnight approximately one to five days per month

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."
    Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Revenue Officer you will:

Collect delinquent tax and secure delinquent returns from taxpayers who have not
resolved their obligations.
    Conduct interviews with taxpayers and/or their representatives in different
environments such as the business location, residence or office as part of the
investigative process.
    Provide guidance on a wide range of financial problems to assist the
taxpayer in developing a plan of action to resolve all delinquencies.
    Analyze sophisticated financial statements/records that include balance
sheets, income statements and profit and loss statements.
    Search public records, tax returns, and financial and credit information to
locate distrainable assets.
    Perform complex credit and financial analysis and evaluation of assets on
casework involving actions.
    Recognize novel and complex issues that often arise in taking appropriate
enforcement action such as suits, seizures and injunctive relief actions.
    Compose complex correspondence, technical reports, research, affidavits,
statements and testimony necessary to support complex or sophisticated
collection action in court cases to Appeals and Criminal Investigation.

WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more
about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.

GS-13 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of
difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal
service. Specialized experience demonstrating the ability to: Collect delinquent
Federal taxes and securing delinquent returns; Conduct investigations of alleged
criminal violations of Federal tax statutes and making recommendations for
criminal prosecutions and civil penalties; Perform internal audits,
administrative, or management duties directly related to the collection of
Federal taxes; Furnish taxpayer assistance and information to the general public
or determine, redetermine, or advise of liability for Federal taxes.
At this level, you must demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of the Internal
Revenue Code and related regulations and procedures pertaining to income,
estate, gift, employment, or excise taxes; knowledge of a wide range of
investigative or analytical techniques and methods; Knowledge of accounting
practices and methods sufficient to analyze and evaluate financial
statements/records (e.g., balance sheets, profit and loss statements, income
statements, bank records, etc.) sufficient to locate distrainable assets,
determine ability to pay, and trace and follow income streams; Specialized
knowledge of tax and business laws, regulations, judicial processes, laws of
evidence, revenue rulings, precedent decisions, etc.; Ability to meet and deal
effectively with taxpayers and/or their representatives, who may be
uncooperative or hostile; and the Ability to write clear and concise examination
reports.

Additional Specialized Experience:

To be qualifying, your experience must be sufficient to demonstrate the ability
to: Conduct collection activities using a variety of Collection tools such as
levy, Notice of Federal Tax Lien, seizure, and suits involving multi-layered
and/or multi-entity nominee/alter-ego investigations. Comprehensive knowledge of
business laws, practices, judicial processes, rules of evidence, court decisions
and relationship between Federal and State laws. Secure delinquent returns using
a variety of tools such as summons and preparing substitute for returns per IRC
6020(b); use computer systems to capture information secured and to aid in the
collection of Federal taxes or delinquent Federal tax returns and to conduct
research such as locator services, credit bureau reports, and real estate
programs; prepare the assembly of trust fund recovery penalty files, suit and
seizure packages and lien activity packages including discharge, subordination,
and withdrawal as well as drafting special condition liens.

-The experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One
year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis.
-To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of
employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your
resume.

In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following, if
applicable:
You must have been at the GS-12 level for 52 weeks (time-in-grade requirement).


Positions to be filled in the following primary locations: 1 vac 3848 W columbus
Dr Tampa, FL; 1 vac 1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd W Palm Beach, FL; 1 vac 2283
Third Ave New York City, NY; 1 vac 3251 N Evergreen Dr NE Grand Rapids, MI; 2
vac to be filled in either 700 W Capitol Little Rock, AR 11309 Old Hwy 49
Gulfport, MS or 111 E Troy St Ste A Tupelo, MS; 1 vac 225 Green St Fayetteville,
NC; 2 vac to be filled in either 222 N Sepulveda El Segundo, CA 225 W Broadway
Glendale, CA 611 W Sixth St Los Angeles, CA or 290 N. D St San Bernardino, CA


Positions will only be made in alternate locations if not filled in primary
locations* ALTERNATES: 1645 S 101st E Ave Tulsa, OK; 2600 Citiplace Ste 375
Baton Rouge, LA; 4021-A Ambassador Caffery, Ste 172, Lafayette Plaza, Lafayette,
LA; 1555 Poydras St New Orleans, LA; 4905 Koger Blvd Greensboro, NC; 4405 Bland
Rd Raleigh, NC
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your resume, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your resume includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated on the CJEs of the position to be
filled per the National Agreement Article 13.

Your application will also be rated and ranked among others, based on your
responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education,
training, performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this
position. IRS employees may obtain most recent awards listing at
https://persinfo.web.irs.gov/

Your rating may be lowered, if your responses to the online questions are not
supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to
participate in a selection interview. We will not reimburse costs related to the
interview such as travel to and from the interview site

If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), you must receive a score of 80 or better to
be rated as well qualified to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://careerconnector.jobs.treas.gov/cc/irs/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId
=2&jnum=108614


OTHER INFORMATION:
POSITION DESCRIPTIONS 95517
An IRS intranet website is available for IRS Employees at website:
http://apps2.dss.swro.swr.irs.gov/spds/spds.exe?cmd=searchSpd

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

This is a bargainingunit position.
    Alternative work schedule, staggered work hours or telework may be
available.
    Tour of Duty: 7:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. start time negotiable
    The employment of any candidate, including a current employee or a new hire,
selected for this position may be conditional upon classification and/or audit
of federal tax returns. This audit may include up to 2 years of returns.
    Obtain and maintain a Moderate Risk clearance
    There may be extensive walking, standing and bending or driving an
automobile during the course of the duty day in order to conduct multiple field
contacts.  Revenue Officers are also required to carry files containing case
histories, forms, and other documents as well as a laptop computer in order to
conduct official business.

NOTE:  YOU MUST SUBMIT ALL DOCUMENTATION BY 11:59 P.M. ET ON THE CLOSING DATE OF
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR CONSIDERATION.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

Treasury believes in a working environment that supports inclusion; please view
our reasonable accommodation policies and procedures at
http://jobs.irs.gov/seasonal/reasonable-accommodation.html. We will provide
reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a case-by-case
basis. Please contact Katie Haugen @ 801-620-6525 if you require this for any
part of the application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.
    You will be re-directed to Treasury's CareerConnector system to complete
your application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents. To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.
    To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.
    To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account,
select the Application Status link and then select the more information link for
this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received.
    To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and
click Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your
resume and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will
be incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
CareerConnector Help Desk at careerconnectorhelp@treasury.gov and/or the USAJOBS
Help Desk.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A resume, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you will not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.)
http://www.jobs.irs.gov/downloads/CoverLetterTips.pdf
To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/year and
number of hours worked for experience listed on your resume. We suggest that you
preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your resume to ensure
that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view resume tips
http://www.jobs.irs.gov/downloads/ResumeTips.pdf
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) DOCUMENTATION
If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee, click CTAP for eligibility
and a detailed list of required documents. IRS CTAP eligibles can apply for jobs
within and outside the commuting area.

IRS Reassignment Preference Program (RPP)
You must meet the requirements in your RPP notice. Submit a copy of your RPP
Notice along with a copy of your most recent annual performance appraisal. Your
performance appraisal must have a fully successful or higher overall rating.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL/AWARDS
Submit a copy of your most recent completed performance appraisal.

EMPLOYMENT DOCUMENTATION
EDUCATION DOCUMENTATION
If you are qualifying for this position by substituting education or training
for experience, submit a copy of your transcripts or equivalent. If the position
has specific education requirements and you are currently (or have previously
been) in the Federal job series to be filled, there is no need to submit a
transcript or equivalent at this time.

An official transcript will be required if you are selected.

A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or
pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of
Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to
Department of Education Accreditation page.
If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of
creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Refer to the
OPM instructions.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
IRS Jobs Online Help Desk
Phone: 866-743-5748 Option 1
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: hco.ogdenemp3@irs.gov
Agency Information:
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE
1973 N Rulon White Blvd
M/S 1513
Ogden, UT
84404
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status."
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement. Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 23, 2014 Monday

Internal Revenue Service: REVENUE OFFICER 14CW3-SBB1428-1169-13-CG

LENGTH: 2731  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:REVENUE OFFICER

Department:Department Of The Treasury

Agency:Internal Revenue Service

Job Announcement Number:14CW3-SBB1428-1169-13-CG
SALARY RANGE:
 $82,642.00 to $119,668.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, June 23, 2014 to Monday, July 07, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1169-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 9 vacancies in the following location(s):
Little Rock, AR View Map
El Segundo, CA View Map
Glendale, CA View Map
Los Angeles, CA View Map
San Bernardino, CA View Map
More Locations  (13)
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current IRS employees on a Career or Career Conditional appt. in the
competitive service
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

WHAT DOES A REVENUE OFFICER DO? As a Revenue Officer you will be responsible for
collecting delinquent accounts, securing delinquent tax returns and determining
actions necessary to bring taxpayers into full compliance. In this position, the
cases assigned involve taxpayers and taxpaying entities with high income levels
from diversified sources including substantial foreign income and assets. You
will execute all procedures and processes consistent with the protection of
taxpayer rights afforded by law and in a manner than ensures the honesty and
integrity of the service.
WHAT IS THE SB/SE DIVISION?The Small Business/Self-Employed (SB/SE) Division
provides examinations and taxpayer education services for about 7 million small
businesses and upwards of 33 millions self-employed and supplemental income
taxpayers. SB/SE taxpayers generally have higher incomes than most taxpayers,
need to file twice as many tax forms, and generally need to rely more on paid
tax preparers and the taxpayer education outreach activities of the IRS.

Positions are located in SB/SE, Collections.  Locations are listed under
Qualifications Required.

**PLEASE READ PRIOR TO APPLYING TO THIS POSITION** When applying for this
position, please consider each location before selecting.  If you are selelcted
for a position which requires relocation, you are responsible to relocate at
your own expense and report on the negotiated start date.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Travel locally and/or overnight approximately one to five days per month

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."
    Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Revenue Officer you will:

Collect delinquent tax and secure delinquent returns from taxpayers who have not
resolved their obligations.
    Conduct interviews with taxpayers and/or their representatives in different
environments such as the business location, residence or office as part of the
investigative process.
    Provide guidance on a wide range of financial problems to assist the
taxpayer in developing a plan of action to resolve all delinquencies.
    Analyze sophisticated financial statements/records that include balance
sheets, income statements and profit and loss statements.
    Search public records, tax returns, and financial and credit information to
locate distrainable assets.
    Perform complex credit and financial analysis and evaluation of assets on
casework involving actions.
    Recognize novel and complex issues that often arise in taking appropriate
enforcement action such as suits, seizures and injunctive relief actions.
    Compose complex correspondence, technical reports, research, affidavits,
statements and testimony necessary to support complex or sophisticated
collection action in court cases to Appeals and Criminal Investigation.

WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more
about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.

GS-13 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of
difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal
service. Specialized experience demonstrating the ability to: Collect delinquent
Federal taxes and securing delinquent returns; Conduct investigations of alleged
criminal violations of Federal tax statutes and making recommendations for
criminal prosecutions and civil penalties; Perform internal audits,
administrative, or management duties directly related to the collection of
Federal taxes; Furnish taxpayer assistance and information to the general public
or determine, redetermine, or advise of liability for Federal taxes.
At this level, you must demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of the Internal
Revenue Code and related regulations and procedures pertaining to income,
estate, gift, employment, or excise taxes; knowledge of a wide range of
investigative or analytical techniques and methods; Knowledge of accounting
practices and methods sufficient to analyze and evaluate financial
statements/records (e.g., balance sheets, profit and loss statements, income
statements, bank records, etc.) sufficient to locate distrainable assets,
determine ability to pay, and trace and follow income streams; Specialized
knowledge of tax and business laws, regulations, judicial processes, laws of
evidence, revenue rulings, precedent decisions, etc.; Ability to meet and deal
effectively with taxpayers and/or their representatives, who may be
uncooperative or hostile; and the Ability to write clear and concise examination
reports.

Additional Specialized Experience:

To be qualifying, your experience must be sufficient to demonstrate the ability
to: Conduct collection activities using a variety of Collection tools such as
levy, Notice of Federal Tax Lien, seizure, and suits involving multi-layered
and/or multi-entity nominee/alter-ego investigations. Comprehensive knowledge of
business laws, practices, judicial processes, rules of evidence, court decisions
and relationship between Federal and State laws. Secure delinquent returns using
a variety of tools such as summons and preparing substitute for returns per IRC
6020(b); use computer systems to capture information secured and to aid in the
collection of Federal taxes or delinquent Federal tax returns and to conduct
research such as locator services, credit bureau reports, and real estate
programs; prepare the assembly of trust fund recovery penalty files, suit and
seizure packages and lien activity packages including discharge, subordination,
and withdrawal as well as drafting special condition liens.

-The experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One
year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis.
-To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of
employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your
resume.

In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following, if
applicable:
You must have been at the GS-12 level for 52 weeks (time-in-grade requirement).


Positions to be filled in the following primary locations: 1 vac 3848 W columbus
Dr Tampa, FL; 1 vac 1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd W Palm Beach, FL; 1 vac 2283
Third Ave New York City, NY; 1 vac 3251 N Evergreen Dr NE Grand Rapids, MI; 2
vac to be filled in either 700 W Capitol Little Rock, AR 11309 Old Hwy 49
Gulfport, MS or 111 E Troy St Ste A Tupelo, MS; 1 vac 225 Green St Fayetteville,
NC; 2 vac to be filled in either 222 N Sepulveda El Segundo, CA 225 W Broadway
Glendale, CA 611 W Sixth St Los Angeles, CA or 290 N. D St San Bernardino, CA


Positions will only be made in alternate locations if not filled in primary
locations* ALTERNATES: 1645 S 101st E Ave Tulsa, OK; 2600 Citiplace Ste 375
Baton Rouge, LA; 4021-A Ambassador Caffery, Ste 172, Lafayette Plaza, Lafayette,
LA; 1555 Poydras St New Orleans, LA; 4905 Koger Blvd Greensboro, NC; 4405 Bland
Rd Raleigh, NC
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your resume, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your resume includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated on the CJEs of the position to be
filled per the National Agreement Article 13.

Your application will also be rated and ranked among others, based on your
responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education,
training, performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this
position. IRS employees may obtain most recent awards listing at
https://persinfo.web.irs.gov/

Your rating may be lowered, if your responses to the online questions are not
supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to
participate in a selection interview. We will not reimburse costs related to the
interview such as travel to and from the interview site

If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), you must receive a score of 80 or better to
be rated as well qualified to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
https://careerconnector.jobs.treas.gov/cc/irs/vacancy/preview!benefits.hms?orgId
=2&jnum=108614


OTHER INFORMATION:
POSITION DESCRIPTIONS 95517
An IRS intranet website is available for IRS Employees at website:
http://apps2.dss.swro.swr.irs.gov/spds/spds.exe?cmd=searchSpd

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

This is a bargainingunit position.
    Alternative work schedule, staggered work hours or telework may be
available.
    Tour of Duty: 7:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. start time negotiable
    The employment of any candidate, including a current employee or a new hire,
selected for this position may be conditional upon classification and/or audit
of federal tax returns. This audit may include up to 2 years of returns.
    Obtain and maintain a Moderate Risk clearance
    There may be extensive walking, standing and bending or driving an
automobile during the course of the duty day in order to conduct multiple field
contacts.  Revenue Officers are also required to carry files containing case
histories, forms, and other documents as well as a laptop computer in order to
conduct official business.

NOTE:  YOU MUST SUBMIT ALL DOCUMENTATION BY 11:59 P.M. ET ON THE CLOSING DATE OF
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR CONSIDERATION.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

Treasury believes in a working environment that supports inclusion; please view
our reasonable accommodation policies and procedures at
http://jobs.irs.gov/seasonal/reasonable-accommodation.html. We will provide
reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a case-by-case
basis. Please contact Katie Haugen @ 801-620-6525 if you require this for any
part of the application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.
    You will be re-directed to Treasury's CareerConnector system to complete
your application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents. To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.
    To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.
    To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account,
select the Application Status link and then select the more information link for
this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received.
    To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and
click Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your
resume and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will
be incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
CareerConnector Help Desk at careerconnectorhelp@treasury.gov and/or the USAJOBS
Help Desk.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A resume, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you will not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.)
http://www.jobs.irs.gov/downloads/CoverLetterTips.pdf
To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/year and
number of hours worked for experience listed on your resume. We suggest that you
preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your resume to ensure
that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view resume tips
http://www.jobs.irs.gov/downloads/ResumeTips.pdf
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) DOCUMENTATION
If you are a displaced or surplus Treasury employee, click CTAP for eligibility
and a detailed list of required documents. IRS CTAP eligibles can apply for jobs
within and outside the commuting area.

IRS Reassignment Preference Program (RPP)
You must meet the requirements in your RPP notice. Submit a copy of your RPP
Notice along with a copy of your most recent annual performance appraisal. Your
performance appraisal must have a fully successful or higher overall rating.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL/AWARDS
Submit a copy of your most recent completed performance appraisal.

EMPLOYMENT DOCUMENTATION
EDUCATION DOCUMENTATION
If you are qualifying for this position by substituting education or training
for experience, submit a copy of your transcripts or equivalent. If the position
has specific education requirements and you are currently (or have previously
been) in the Federal job series to be filled, there is no need to submit a
transcript or equivalent at this time.

An official transcript will be required if you are selected.

A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or
pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of
Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to
Department of Education Accreditation page.
If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of
creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Refer to the
OPM instructions.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
IRS Jobs Online Help Desk
Phone: 866-743-5748 Option 1
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: hco.ogdenemp3@irs.gov
Agency Information:
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE
1973 N Rulon White Blvd
M/S 1513
Ogden, UT
84404
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status."
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement. Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DELINQUENT-TAX VIEWS ARE EXAGGERATED

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 152 words


Recently, there has been considerable discussion concerning Richmond County's
delinquent taxes and how best to deal with them.

I am in full agreement with those who believe that it is unfair for law-abiding
citizens to pay their taxes while others do not.

However, I am not in agreement with the inference that the budget deficit of
Richmond County relates to delinquent taxes.

I also take issue with the implied idea that delinquent tax collection is
inadequate in Richmond County. Since taking office in 1976, I am extremely proud
to preside over a staff that has increased the overall collection of tax revenue
to its current standard.

The Richmond County Tax Commissioner's Office has collected 99.4 percent of the
property taxes billed through 2005, and we rank in the top 10 percent of
delinquent tax collection rates in Georgia.

Jerry Saul

Augusta

(Editor's note: The writer is Richmond County's tax commissioner.)

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

Luzerne County sells 18 tax-delinquent properties

BYLINE: Jennifer Learn-Andes, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 618 words


Feb. 24--Luzerne County officials unloaded 18 tax-delinquent properties Tuesday,
including a dilapidated apartment building on busy Northampton Street in
Wilkes-Barre.

The properties were festering in the repository, a pool of parcels that did not
sell at past back-tax auctions. The county is liable for repository properties
while the owners of record have abandoned them and stopped paying real estate
taxes, officials say.

Luzerne County has more than 1,000 repository properties -- more than any of the
11 other similarly sized third-class counties in Pennsylvania, records show.

The county and other taxing bodies approved 87 repository sales last year.

The apartment building in the batch of 18 sold this week was purchased by Helena
Laurency for $888.

Laurency, who is listed as director of Laurency Optimal Personal Care Agency in
Wilkes-Barre, said Wednesday she won't be prepared to discuss her plans for the
new acquisition for several weeks.

"Nothing has been finalized yet," Laurency said.

Located at the corner of Northampton and South Welles streets, the apartment
building has multiple boarded-up windows.

It ended up in the repository because county, city and school real estate taxes
were not paid from 2012 through 2015, resulting in a combined debt of $18,695,
county tax claim records show.

It's unclear why the 2012 taxes were not paid when New York-based Service Legend
purchased the property for $7,500 in August 2013 from Exact Development, Inc.

Exact had purchased the property in December 2010 for $70,000 from Joseph A.
Fessler, county records show.

Wilkes-Barre officials are "looking forward" to reviewing Laurency's plans for
the apartment building because it is at a high visibility location and adjoins a
0.14-acre vacant parcel owned by the city, Wilkes-Barre's Administrator Greg
Barrouk said.

The city purchased the adjacent parcel, which extends to Park Avenue, for $1 in
July 2006 from Robert Yencha, the deed shows.

Several apartment buildings on Yencha's property were demolished in 2006 because
the structures had been vacant since a March 2004 fire, officials said.

State law allows repository sales at any time without the need to publicly
advertise them.

JEC Land Trust, of Port St. Lucie, Florida, purchased five repository
properties, including a 1.24-acre vacant lot at 182 Ransom Road in Dallas
Township for $750 and a 1.58-acre lot on the Kunkle-Alderson Road in the
township for $500.

LOP Land Trust, which is based at the same Port St. Lucie address as JEC,
purchased four vacant properties for $500 each: a 9-acre tract on Clearview
Drive, Larksville; a 6-acre parcel on Westminster Road, Jenkins Township; a
3-acre property on Canal Street in Plymouth Township; and a 4.32-acre site at
Rear West Main Street, Plymouth.

Here's a list of the other buyers, along with the addresses of the properties
they purchased and their bid amounts according to county records:

-- Jason Carr, Saylorsburg -- 73 Catlin Ave., Wilkes-Barre, $500

-- UMH Properties, Inc., Mountain Top -- 51 and 117 Valley Stream Park, Rice
Township, $500 each

-- Lisa Burns and Raymond Spallone, Wilkes-Barre -- 32 Highland St., Jeddo, $500

-- Patrick Hudock, Wilkes-Barre -- 229 and 225 Willow St., Plymouth, $500 each

-- River Road Properties, Inc., Wilkes-Barre -- 1657 River Road, Jenkins
Township, $500

-- Robert Stackhouse, Pittston -- 401 West Ave., Bear Creek Township, $792

A list of repository properties available for purchase may be viewed at
www.luzernecountytaxclaim.com.

Reach Jennifer Learn-Andes at 570-991-6388 or on Twitter @TLJenLearnAndes.

___ (c)2016 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160224-WB-Luzerne-County-sells-18-tax-delinquent
-properties-0224-20160224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2016 The Times Leader


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

New bill procedure aimed at Erie garbage delinquencies

BYLINE: Dana Massing, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


Nov. 03--Erie garbage customers will soon receive a letter informing them of a
new billing procedure meant to help collect more than $2 million in delinquent
fees.

Those who don't pay their garbage bills under the new system could have their
water shut off.

"The Erie Water Works and the City of Erie have been working very closely in a
joint effort to address the issue of delinquent garbage collection fees," Paul
Vojtek, Erie Water Works chief executive, wrote in an Oct. 31 letter to
customers. "After a thorough evaluation of the problem, and the options
available to resolve it, both parties agreed that combining the garbage bills
with the sewer bills is the best way to collect these delinquent fees."

Under the new arrangement, customer payments will apply to the most delinquent
charges first.

Payment on a sewer/garbage bill would go toward any garbage delinquencies before
the sewer account. If the sewer account then becomes delinquent, Erie Water
Works could legally shut off water service, officials said.

The letter about the billing change will be included with water-only bills that
start going out today. The new combined sewer/garbage bills will follow in a
week to 10 days. Erie Water Works collects water, sewer and refuse bills on the
city's behalf.

In the past, water and sewer fees were combined in one bill and garbage was
separate.

Vojtek said more than 90 percent of customers pay their garbage bills on time
but others are reluctant to do so.

"There was really no leverage you could put on a customer to pay," he said.

The new billing procedure, which is meant to change that, is the result of a May
resolution approved by Erie City Council.

Erie City Council President Mel Witherspoon said he believes the billing change
will help cut into the delinquent fees.

"We'll never collect it all," Witherspoon said. "But I think we'll get a lot of
it. This new way of doing business is right on the money."

Vojtek said he agrees the new billing procedure would help.

"I think it's going to put a big dent in the problem," he said.

DANA MASSING can be reached at 870-1729 or by e-mail. Follow her on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNmassing.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141103-EI-New-bill-procedure-aimed-at-Erie-garbage-delinquencies-1103-20141103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Washington: AARX, INC., INITIAL DECISION OF DEFAULT ACQUIRESTUFF.COM, INC.,
December 19, 2014 ADVANCED SCIENTIFIC ASSET HOLDING, INC., AIR SOUTH AIRLINES,
INC., ALTEK POWER CORP., AM BUILD, INC.,

LENGTH: 2170  words

DATELINE: Washington


Transport Security Administration, The Government f USA has issued the following
document:


INITIAL DECISION RELEASE NO. 723
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING
File No. 3-16266

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Before the
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549


In the Matter of

AARX, INC.,  INITIAL DECISION OF DEFAULT
ACQUIRESTUFF.COM, INC.,  December 19, 2014
ADVANCED SCIENTIFIC ASSET HOLDING, INC.,
AIR SOUTH AIRLINES, INC.,
ALTEK POWER CORP.,
AM BUILD, INC.,
AMBER HILL, INC., AND
AMERICAN FAMILY COOKIES, INC.




APPEARANCE:  Neil J. Welch, Jr., for the Division of Enforcement, Securities and

Exchange Commission

BEFORE:    Cameron Elliot, Administrative Law Judge

SUMMARY

This Initial Decision revokes the registrations of Respondents' registered
securities. The revocations are based on Respondents' failure to timely file
required periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(Commission).

INTRODUCTION

On November 10, 2014, the Commission issued an Order Instituting Administrative
Proceedings (OIP) against Respondents, pursuant to Section 12(j) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act). The OIP alleges that Respondents
each have a class of securities registered with the Commission and are
delinquent in their periodic filings. Respondents were served with the OIP by
November 21, 2014, and their Answers were due by December 4, 2014. See AARX,
Inc., Admin. Proc. Rulings Release No. 2069, 2014 SEC LEXIS 4528 (Dec. 1, 2014).

Following Respondents' failure to timely file Answers, I ordered Respondents to
show cause by December 18, 2014, why this proceeding should not be determined
against them due to their failures to file Answers or otherwise defend this
proceeding, warning that failure to show cause would result in default and the
revocations of the registrations of their securities. See AARX, Inc., Admin.
Proc. Rulings Release No. 2109, 2014 SEC LEXIS 4715 (Dec. 8, 2014). To date, no
Respondent has filed an Answer or responded to the Order to Show Cause.

FINDINGS OF FACT

 Respondents are in default for failing to file Answers or otherwise defend the
proceeding. See OIP at 4; 17 C.F.R. §§ 201.155(a)(2), .220(f). Accordingly, as
authorized by Rule of Practice 155(a), 17 C.F.R. § 201.155(a), I find the
following allegations in the OIP to be true. I take official notice of the
Commission's public official records concerning Respondents. See 17 C.F.R. §
201.323.

AARX, Inc., Central Index Key (CIK) No. 1306299, is a void Delaware corporation
located in Akron, Ohio, with a class of securities registered with the
Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). The company is delinquent in
its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic reports
since it filed a Form 10 registration statement on November 12, 2004, which
reported a net loss of $2,291 from the company's September 3, 2004, inception to
September 30, 2004.

Acquirestuff.com, Inc., CIK No. 1143602, is a void Delaware corporation located
in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, with a class of securities registered with the
Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). The company is delinquent in
its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic reports
since it filed a Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31, 2002, which
reported a net loss of $28,943 for the prior twelve months.

Advanced Scientific Asset Holding, Inc., CIK No. 1386977, is a forfeited
Delaware corporation located in Arlington, Virginia, with a class of securities
registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). The
company is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not
filed any periodic reports since it filed a Form 10-QSB for the period ended
March 31, 2008, which reported a net loss of $87,939 for the prior three months.


Air South Airlines, Inc., CIK No. 1026724, is a forfeited Delaware corporation
located in Columbia, South Carolina, with a class of securities registered with
the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). The company is delinquent
in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic
reports since it filed a Form 10-Q/A for the period ended June 30, 1997.

Altek Power Corp., CIK No. 1198692, is a British Columbia corporation located in
Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada, with a class of securities registered with
the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). The company is delinquent
in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic
reports since it filed a Form 20-FR registration statement on January 9, 2003.

AM Build, Inc., CIK No. 1209532, is a permanently revoked Nevada corporation
located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, with a class of securities registered with
the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). The company is delinquent
in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic
reports since it filed a Form 10 registration statement on March 28, 2003, which
reported a net loss of $8,085 from the company's June 25, 2002, inception to
August 31, 2002.

Amber Hill, Inc., CIK No. 1384395, is a Nevada corporation located in Sumter,
South Carolina, with a class of securities registered with the Commission
pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). The company is delinquent in its
periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic reports
since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2007, which
reported a net loss of $19,039 for the prior nine months.

American Family Cookies, Inc., CIK No. 1164392, is a dissolved Delaware
corporation located in Lavergue, Tennessee, with a class of securities
registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). The
company is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not
filed any periodic reports since it filed a Form 10-QSB for the period ended
June 30, 2002, which reported a net loss of $31,186 for the prior six months.

 In addition to their repeated failures to file timely periodic reports,
Respondents failed to heed delinquency letters sent to them by the Commission's
Division of Corporation Finance requesting compliance with their periodic filing
obligations or, through their failure to maintain a valid address on file with
the Commission as required by Commission rules, did not receive such letters.

CONCLUSIONS OF LAW

Exchange Act Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 require public
corporations to file annual and quarterly reports with the Commission.
Specifically, Rule 13a-1 requires issuers to file annual reports and Rule 13a-13
requires domestic issuers to file quarterly reports. See 17 C.F.R. §§ 240.13a-1,
.13a-13. "Compliance with those requirements is mandatory and may not be subject
to conditions from the registrant." America's Sports Voice, Inc., Exchange Act
Release No. 55511, 2007 SEC LEXIS 1241, at *12 (Mar. 22, 2007), recons. denied,
Exchange Act Release No. 55867, 2007 SEC LEXIS 1239 (June 6, 2007). Scienter is
not required to establish violations of Exchange Act Section 13(a) and Rules
13a-1 and 13a-13. See SEC v. McNulty, 137 F.3d 732, 740-41 (2d Cir. 1998); SEC
v. Wills, 472 F. Supp. 1250, 1268 (D.D.C. 1978). There is no genuine issue of
material fact that Respondents failed to timely file required periodic reports.
As a result, Respondents failed to comply with Exchange Act Section 13(a) and
Rules 13a-1 and/or 13a-13.

SANCTIONS

 Under Exchange Act Section 12(j), the Commission is authorized, "as it deems
necessary or appropriate for the protection of investors," to revoke the
registration of a security or suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months
if it finds, after notice and an opportunity for hearing, that the issuer of the
security has failed to comply with any provision of the Exchange Act or rules
thereunder. In proceedings pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(j) against
issuers that violated Exchange Act Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and/or 13a-13,
the determination "of what sanctions will ensure that investors will be
adequately protected . . . turns on the effect on the investing public,
including both current and prospective investors, of the issuer's violations, on
the one hand, and the Section 12(j) sanctions, on the other hand." Gateway Int'l
Holdings, Inc.,
Exchange Act Release No. 53907, 2006 SEC LEXIS 1288, at *19 (May 31, 2006). The
Commission "consider[s], among other things, the seriousness of the issuer's
violations, the isolated or recurrent nature of the violations, the degree of
culpability involved, the extent of the issuer's efforts to remedy its past
violations and ensure future compliance, and the credibility of its assurances,
if any, against further violations." Id. at *19-20.

 Respondents' failure to file required periodic reports is serious because it
violates a central provision of the Exchange Act. The purpose of periodic
reporting is "to supply investors with current and accurate financial
information about an issuer so that they may make sound
[investment] decisions." Id. at *26. The reporting requirements are the primary
tool that Congress fashioned for the protection of investors from negligent,
careless, and deliberate misrepresentations in the sale of securities. SEC v.
Beisinger Indus. Corp., 552 F.2d 15, 18 (1st Cir. 1977). Respondents' violations
are also recurrent in that each repeatedly failed to file periodic reports. See
Nature's Sunshine Prods., Inc., Exchange Act Release No. 59268, 2009 SEC LEXIS
81, at *20 (Jan. 21, 2009) (respondent failed to file seven required periodic
reports due over a two-year period); Impax Labs., Inc., Exchange Act Release No.
57864, 2008 SEC LEXIS 1197, at *25-26 (May 23, 2008) (failure to make eight
filings over an eighteen-month period considered recurrent). Respondents are
culpable because they failed to heed delinquency letters sent to them by the
Division of Corporation Finance or, through their failure to maintain a valid
address on file with the Commission as required by Commission rules, did not
receive such letters, and they were therefore on notice, even before the OIP
issued, of their obligation to file periodic reports. See China-Biotics, Inc.,
Exchange Act Release No. 70800, 2013 SEC LEXIS 3451, at *37 & n.60 (Nov. 4,
2013) (holding that revocation may be warranted even without proof that a
respondent was aware of its reporting obligations). Finally, Respondents have
not answered the OIP or otherwise participated in the proceeding to address
whether they have made any efforts to remedy their past violations, and have
made no assurances against further violations.

 Considering these delinquencies, it is necessary and appropriate for the
protection of investors to revoke the registrations of each class of registered
securities of Respondents.

ORDER

 It is ORDERED that, pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrations of each class of registered securities of Respondents
AARX, Inc., Acquirestuff.com, Inc., Advanced Scientific Asset Holding, Inc., Air
South Airlines, Inc., Altek
Power Corp., AM Build, Inc., Amber Hill, Inc., and American Family Cookies,
Inc., are hereby
REVOKED.

 This Initial Decision shall become effective in accordance with and subject to
the provisions of Rule of Practice 360, 17 C.F.R. § 201.360. Pursuant to that
Rule, a party may file a petition for review of this Initial Decision within
twenty-one days after service of the Initial Decision. A party may also file a
motion to correct a manifest error of fact within ten days of the Initial
Decision, pursuant to Rule of Practice 111, 17 C.F.R. § 201.111(h). If a motion
to correct a manifest error of fact is filed by a party, then that party shall
have twenty-one days to file a petition for review from the date of the
undersigned's order resolving such motion to correct a manifest error of fact.

This Initial Decision will not become final until the Commission enters an order
of finality. The Commission will enter an order of finality unless a party files
a petition for review or a motion to correct a manifest error of fact or the
Commission determines on its own initiative to review the Initial Decision as to
a party. If any of these events occur, the Initial Decision shall not become
final as to that party.

Respondents are notified that they may move to set aside the default in this
case. Rule of Practice 155(b), 17 C.F.R. § 201.155(b), permits the Commission,
at any time, to set aside a default for good cause, in order to prevent
injustice and on such conditions as may be appropriate. A motion to set aside a
default shall be made within a reasonable time, state the reasons for the
failure to appear or defend, and specify the nature of the proposed defense in
the proceeding. Id.

            _______________________________
            Cameron Elliot
            Administrative Law Judge


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 26, 2014 Thursday

Delinquent Youth -- Especially Girls -- More Likely to Die Violently as Adults

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: Evanston


Northwestern University has issued the following news release:

Delinquency in youth predicts a significantly higher rate of violent death in
adulthood -- especially from firearms -- and females are among the most
vulnerable, reports a new Northwestern MedicineÒ study.

Delinquent females died violently at nearly five times the rate of those in the
general population, according to the study, while delinquent males died at three
times general population rates.

Death rates in Hispanic males and females were five and nine times more than the
general population rates, respectively.

This is the first large-scale study to look at death rates in delinquent females
and adds new data on Hispanics, now the largest minority group in the U.S. The
paper was published June 16 in the journal Pediatrics.

In addition, violent death up to age 34 was predicted by three risk factors in
adolescence: alcohol use disorder, selling drugs and gang involvement, according
to the study.

"Our findings are shocking," said lead author Linda Teplin, the Owen L. Coon
Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Northwestern University
Feinberg School of Medicine. "Death rates in our sample of delinquent youth,
ages 15 to 19, are nearly twice those of troops in combat in wartime Iraq and
Afghanistan."

"Early violent death is a health disparity," added Teplin. "Youth who get
detained are disproportionately poor and disproportionately racial and ethnic
minorities. We must address early violent death the same as any other health
disparity."

The study used newly available data from the Northwestern Juvenile Project, a
longitudinal study of 1,829 youth (1,172 males and 657 females, ages 10 to 18
years at baseline) who were detained at the Cook County Juvenile Temporary
Detention Center in Chicago between 1995 and 1998. The authors interviewed
participants and then followed them up using official death records up to 16
years after the initial interviews.

The youth in the study were randomly selected before their case was disposed,
and had not yet been convicted of any crime.

Of the original participants, 111 died. Among those who died, 75 (68 percent)
were victims of homicide of which 68 (91 percent) were killed with firearms.
African Americans were 4.5 times more likely to die from homicide than
non-Hispanic whites.

"Prevention is key," Teplin said. "We need to reduce the likelihood that youth
will become delinquent. And, if they are arrested and detained, we need
interventions to reduce violence. Otherwise, perpetrators often become victims."

Many delinquent youth commit crimes because of untreated psychiatric problems.
For example, they may abuse drugs to self-medicate for depression, and then sell
drugs to afford them, Teplin noted.

"These youth may have fallen through the cracks of the health care system into
the juvenile justice net," Teplin said. "We should avoid the stereotype that
delinquent youth are just bad kids. Many are not hardened criminals; but once
detained, they are on a path fraught with risk."

Other Northwestern authors include Jessica A. Jakubowski, Karen M. Abram,
Nichole D. Olson, Marquita L. Stokes and Leah J. Welty.

The study was supported in part by National Institute on Drug Abuse grants
R01DA019380, R01DA022953 and R01DA028763 and National Institute of Mental Health
grants R01MH54197 and R01MH59463, all of the National Institutes of Health;
1999-JE-FX-1001, 2005-JL-FX-0288 and 2008-JF-FX-0068 from the Of[#xfb01]ce of
Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention; the Substance Abuse and Mental
Health Services Administration, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

For more information please visit: http://www.northwestern.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

Moody's says RMBS in Ohio and Michigan perform worse

LENGTH: 149  words

DATELINE: New York


Residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) deals backed by delinquent loans
concentrated in Ohio and Michigan will perform worse than delinquent loans in
other US states because of high loss severities. This higher level of loss has
been driven in part by significantly higher rates of home value depreciation,
according to a report from Moody's Investors Service.


Moody's analysis of RMBS performance across asset type and vintage shows that
average loss severities for defaulted loans from Ohio and Michigan over the last
two years were higher, at 84% and 77% respectively, than average loss severities
on defaulted loans in other states at 59%. "Certain cities, such as Detroit and
Cleveland, had much higher numbers of loans liquidated with high loss
severities" says Associate Analyst Ilana Fried, author of "Concentrations of
Delinquent Loans in Ohio and Michigan Hurt Performance of RMBS."

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 25, 2005 Tuesday

Briefs: Candidates run under unique affiliation

LENGTH: 1087 words


Two people campaigning for council in the tiny Cambria County borough of Lorain
haven't started a new party, but they are running under a unique label.

Mike Jacobs and Linda Vivian will appear on the November ballot as Christian
Independents. Cambria County elections supervisor Fred Smith said state law lets
candidates who aren't Republicans or Democrats to pick a label -- known as a
"minor political body" -- as long as it's not more than three words.

"'Christian Independents' is a name we came up with to show that we want what
the Good Lord wants, and that is to be honest and forthright," Vivian said.

Jacobs is simultaneously running for a local school board seat. If he wins both,
Jacobs said, he will "look inside myself to see which one really is the most
important."

Johnstown may sell delinquent tax claims

Johnstown officials are considering the sale of delinquent tax claims to a New
Jersey company.

The city has more than $1.1 million in uncollected taxes for the years 2000 to
2004, which could take the Cambria County tax claim bureau years to collect,
city officials said.

Morristown, N.J.-based XSPAND Inc. would pay the city up front for its tax
claims. The company makes its money on the interest charged to delinquent
taxpayers. A new law passed by the General Assembly last year lets
municipalities sell their tax debts to private companies for collection. XSPAND
could charge up to 9 percent interest, the same rate the tax claim bureau can
collect.

Blair County

Allegheny Ridge Corp. receives mapping grant

The National Park Service has awarded Allegheny Ridge Corp. a $74,300 grant to
create new printed and Internet-based maps for people who want to paddle along
the Juniata River Water Trail.

The grant also includes matching funds for new signs at boat launches along the
trail route. It was announced Monday at a news conference in Canal Basin Park in
Hollidaysburg.

The Juniata River winds through central Pennsylvania and empties above
Harrisburg into the Susquehanna River, the waterway that delivers more fresh
water than any other into the Chesapeake Bay. The Chesapeake Bay Gateways grant
will be matched with money from the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and
Natural Resources and the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.

City

Downtown

Police to honor 56 at awards ceremony

The Pittsburgh Bureau of Police will conduct an awards ceremony at 10 a.m.
Friday in council chambers on the fifth floor, of the City-County Building,
Grant Street, Downtown.

Nineteen officers, 26 detectives, five sergeants, a lieutenant, a commander and
four civilians will receive awards. Nine honorees will receive more than one
award.

Awards are for those for meritorious service, officer of the month and
recognition of excellence, certificates of appreciation and commendation and
letters of recognition.

Oakland

New Carlow institute to hold presentations

The first scholarly presentations from the new Carlow University Grace Ann
Geibel Institute for Justice and Social Responsibility will begin at 7 p.m.
Thursday in room 107 of the A.J. Palumbo Hall of Science and Technology, on the
Oakland campus.

Lectures and faculty presenters are: "My Mother's House: A Process for Restoring
the Village," Martha H. Ezzell, graduate program, professional leadership;
"Dionne's Project for Safe Relationships," Irene A. Lietz, English/professional
writing program; "Project to End Human Trafficking," Mary C. Burke, psychology
and professional counseling program; and "Health Promotion Initiatives in Peru,"
Michelle J. Upvall and Joan Reale, School of Nursing.

The institute's commissioned purpose is to develop a woman-centered approach to
leadership that seeks to challenge systemic oppression.

For more information contact Jim Kelly at kellyjm@carlow.edu or 412-578-8839.

Vigil to mark 2,000th U.S. death in Iraq

The day after the 2,000th U.S. soldier has been killed in Iraq, women dressed in
black will gather at 5:30 p.m. at the Friends Meeting House, 4836 Ellsworth
Ave., Oakland.

The American Friends Service Committee, Women's International League for Peace
and Freedom and Code Pink are preparing to commemorate that death --- expected
to occur this week -- and the other war deaths. Men also are invited to join
this silent, candlelight vigil and march from the meeting house down Fifth
Avenue, Bigelow Boulevard and Forbes Avenue. Marchers then will join Pittsburgh
Organizing Group's rally against the war.

For more information, contact Scilla Wahrhaftig at peace.seeds@verizon.net or
412-371-3607.

Allegheny County

Elderly and disabled voters have alternative

Voters who are elderly or disabled and assigned to polling places not accessible
to them may vote by alternative ballot in the Nov. 8 general election, the
Allegheny County Elections Division announced.

To be eligible for an alternative ballot, the voter's polling place must be
designated inaccessible and the voter must be registered to vote in Allegheny
County and be age 65 or older or have a temporary or permanent physical
disability that prevents the voter from entering a polling place with
architectural barriers. Voters should call the elections division at
412-350-4525 to find out if their assigned polling place is accessible.

Applications for alternative ballots are available by mail or in person at
Allegheny County Elections Division, 601 County Office Building, 542 Forbes
Ave., Pittsburgh, PA 15219. The deadline for returning applications is 5 p.m.
Nov. 1. Absentee ballots sent to qualified applicants must be returned to the
elections division by 8 p.m. Nov. 8.

November slated for prematurity awareness

The March of Dimes, as part of its effort to save babies from premature birth,
has designated November as Prematurity Awareness Month and has planned
observances in Allegheny County.

On Nov. 1, a barge lit in pink and blue will move from the Ohio River and past
the Point to the beginning of a candlelight vigil near Heinz Field. Throughout
November, several Pittsburgh landmarks will be lit with pink and blue lights to
symbolize hope for the future of all babies. In conjunction, parents of
premature babies are lighting their front porches to create awareness in their
neighborhoods.

On Nov. 15, Prematurity Awareness Day, March of Dimes' Western Pennsylvania
Division will have a "day of gratitude," marked by events at West Penn and
Magee-Womens hospitals.

For more information on Prematurity Awareness Month activities, call Kelly
Fraasch at 412-391-3193 or visit marchofdimes.com on the Web.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 18, 1996

Sub-Prime Lenders Cope With Higher Delinquency, Default Risk

BYLINE: By Eric Avidon

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT; Mortgage Servicing Update; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 493 words

DATELINE: New York


Unlike servicers of conventional mortgages, sub-prime servicers face a high risk
of delinquencies.  In order to combat that higher rate of nonperforming loans,
they must have a better plan of action than their conventional lending
counterparts to deal with borrowers who miss payments.

In fact, there is a 1-1.5% difference in the percentage of conventional loans
that are delinquent and the percentage of sub-prime loans.

Jean Schwindt, vice president and director of investor relations at Tampa-based
IMC Mortgage Co., said, "The challenge of the B&C servicer is that you're
dealing with a totally different customer than the A lender.  The B&C customer
has to be taught to pay their bill on time."

Sub-prime servicers are able to succeed in getting loan payments by setting up a
delinquency management plan that identifies a particular loan's flaws and
connects them to collection personnel, determines when is the proper time to
make initial contact regarding a missed payment, and determines the ultimate
expectations for individual loans.

Frank Pellegrin, executive vice president and servicing manager of Woodbury,
NY-based Delta Funding Corp. said, "To combat B&C delinquencies you need to be
proactive, not reactive.

"You need to have more collectors than conventional loan servicers, make more
collection calls and have a more sophisticated loan processing system-better
technology."

Ms. Schwindt said that at IMC the company has a pool of collection officers who
call delinquent borrowers after a payment is 30 days late, a second set of
officers who call when a loan reaches 60 days late and a final set of collection
officers who contact delinquent borrowers after 90 days.

"Each group of delinquent borrower is different so we have different groups to
call them.  We want to deal with each delinquent group differently in order to
manage the loan pool -- we don't want to scare them off before the loan gets
paid.  Getting the payment without scaring off the delinquent borrower is a very
delicate balance so we have the different callers."

But despite taking steps to combat potential loan failures, the main insurance
against the lost income a bad loan brings is charging higher fees.  Because it
costs more to service B&C loans, B&C servicers charge more to service than
conventional loan servicers.

The trade-off in terms of what makes servicing B&C loans good business,
according to Mr. Pellegrin, "is the fee, rate and income you get."

In addition to delinquencies, a second issue facing sub-prime servicers is loan
run-off, according to Mr. Pellegrin.

He said that when a sub-prime borrower effectively pays their bills for a time
and becomes an A- or high B customer, companies don't want to lose what was
their customer to the A market if the loan is refinanced.  He said, "You want C
or D customers that are good payers who want to refinance to become A or B
borrowers with you.  You don't want to lose the loan."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Frank Pellegrin

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            November 12, 2007 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

Coast shareholders watching the buyout price

BYLINE: John Hielscher

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEKLY; Money Minders; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 530 words


How low will it go?

Stockholders of troubled Coast Financial Holdings Inc. in Bradenton have to be
wondering where their buyout price will wind up.

The original offer of $3.40 per share from First Banks Inc. of St. Louis has
already dropped to $3.17 -- almost 7 percent -- because Coast's loan problems
have gotten even worse.

That took $1.5 million off the table from the already bargain-basement price of
$22.1 million.

Coast officials, in a recent regulatory filing, admit their loan woes will
"likely" continue to deepen and "the per share merger price will be further
reduced."

The company says the loan problems are not just tied to its free-falling
residential construction portfolio, battered by ill-fated dealings with defunct
builder Construction Compliance Inc.

Coast says it has one unidentified borrower with five delinquent loans on
residential and commercial properties totaling $9.5 million.

If the loans become 90 days delinquent, they will become nonperforming, and that
could drop the buyout price even more.

The clock is ticking: one loan of $1.9 million could be delinquent by Thursday;
another of $3.7 million on Nov. 24; and the other three valued at $3.9 million
on Dec. 30.

Shareholders are set to vote Nov. 26 on the merger. That leaves time for $5.6
million of those loans to impact the buyout.

Under the purchase agreement, the price can slip as low as $1.86 per share
before either party can call it off.

Anyone still wondering why Coast directors Michael Ruffino and Alex White
abandoned ship two months ago, selling their shares for $2.60?

Bitterman joins Synovus board

Stewart Bitterman of Sarasota has joined the board of directors of Synovus Bank
of Tampa Bay.

Bitterman is a former real estate developer in New Jersey and New York.

He is a member of the Dattoli Cancer Foundation, a director of the Florida
Winefest & Auction and a board member of the Community Foundation of Sarasota
County.

Orion opens Manatee branch

Orion Bank opened its first office in Manatee County this month. Naples-based
Orion branched into a two-story, 10,000-square-foot building at 5310 State Road
64 E.

T. David Miles is vice president and branch manager of the new office.

The building also houses the bank's commercial and residential lending teams for
the Manatee market.

Orion, a privately owned, $2.6 billion-asset company, operates three offices in
Sarasota County.

It posted $22.3 million in profits through the first nine months of 2007, flat
from last year.

New e-mail scam

Don't fall for a new e-mail scam that appears to be a charity solicitation from
the Internal Revenue Service to help victims of the California wildfires.

The IRS warns that bogus e-mails are circulating that sends readers to a link
that appears to be an IRS Web site. The site asks for donations that includes a
link for people to provide personal and financial information.

The e-mails, in an effort to look legit, include text from a speech about the
wildfires from the California Assembly.

How to spot the fake? The IRS never solicits charitable donations for anyone.

It will not request personal or financial info via e-mails, and it will not ask
for passwords, PINs or similar secret access to accounts.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            August 13, 2007, Monday

New law prods companies to pay property tax;
Businesses that don't pay can lose their licenses

BYLINE: JAKE STUMP, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 522 words


A new state law might be partly responsible for a 13 percent spike in delinquent
personal property tax payments in Kanawha County.

In the past fiscal year, the county collected $315,422 more than the previous
year, according to Allen Bleigh, chief tax deputy.

On July 1, a new law gave the West Virginia Tax Department authority to refuse
to renew a person's or a company's business license if they owe at least $100 in
overdue personal property taxes. That would then allow county sheriffs'
departments to close a business for operating without a license.

Bleigh said he believes the law has helped the county net some of its owed
taxes. But there's still nearly $1 million that goes uncollected.

About 509 accounts owe at least $100 in delinquent taxes. That's down from June,
when there were 718 delinquent accounts.

Altogether, taxpayers still owe the county $923,425, which is also down from the
$1.06 million that was owed just two months ago.

Bleigh said the county hasn't shut down any businesses yet because people
haven't paid up. That would be a last resort, but county officials won't
hesitate if they've exhausted all other options, he said.

"We will come close you down if you don't pay the taxes," Bleigh said. "People
don't believe us because it's something that hasn't been done yet. But we will
do it if it makes people take their role more seriously."

The largest account belongs to Nashville, Tenn.-based Caterpillar Financial
Services, which owes $141,952 just for the 2005 tax season. Caterpillar has an
office in Charleston. According to its Web site, the company is the financial
arm of Caterpillar Inc., a Fortune 500 company and global manufacturer of
construction and mining equipment.

Bleigh said other businesses that owe the most are either bankrupt or already
have worked out a payment plan with the county.

The county tax department is working in conjunction with the prosecuting
attorney's office to whittle down a list of the top accounts to target.

"We're going to spend more time going after the big dollar values first and work
our way down," Bleigh said.

Before the July 1 deadline, the state Tax Department used reports submitted by
the counties to compile a list of 2,000 businesses delinquent in their tax
payments.

Businesses owing less than $100 in delinquent personal property taxes won't face
the penalties outlined in the new law.

One problem that has plagued tax officials when it comes to collecting back
taxes is that several businesses no longer exist or their owners cannot be
located.

On the county level, officials can still pursue payments even if a business is
defunct.

Though the new law has increased tax collections for Kanawha County, Bleigh said
he fears payments have started slowing down.

"I'm confident that collections have dwindled off since the July 1 deadline,"
Bleigh said. "People who were going to pay and pay willingly paid by that
deadline."

Before the recent surge in collections, the county usually would see a minimal 3
percent increase in payments during the months it sent out delinquent notices to
businesses.

Contact writer Jake Stump at jakestump@dailymail.com or 348-4842.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              July 12, 2009 Sunday

In My Opinion Look To Back Taxes For Revenue Send Submissions To:

BYLINE: In My Opinion / State Rep. John Bear

SECTION: P; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


State Rep. John Bear

It's budget time in Harrisburg and once again we are at our typical stalemate.
However, this year is different. Instead of running a budget surplus, we have a
$3.25 billion deficit. And while there has been talk of budget cuts and the
possibility of new or increased taxes, one unexplored possibility is
implementing a tax-amnesty program to go after delinquent taxes owed to
Pennsylvania.

We are leaving billions of dollars on the table because the state Department of
Revenue does not have the tools or personnel to effectively track or go after
delinquent taxpayers. Shocked? Don't be. The department is working with
antiquated business processes and computer systems.

But how much are we talking about? According to the Department of Revenue's
April 13 accounts receivable report (which is incomplete for 2008), more than $3
billion in delinquent taxes is owed to the state, of which about $1.6 billion is
deemed to be collectible. Here is how the $1.6 billion breaks down:

Corporation taxes: $813 million.

Sales and use tax: $352 million.

Employer withholding tax: $45 million.

Personal income tax: $329 million.

Inheritance tax: $38 million.

This $1.6 billion could go a long way to solving some present budget woes.
Interestingly enough, that is also about the same amount of money that Gov. Ed
Rendell hopes to raise by increasing the personal income tax from 3.07 to 3.57
percent. What alternative would you prefer?

Why should law-abiding taxpayers always be asked to foot the bill for those who
are unwilling to play by the rules? On average, 97 percent of us generally pay
our taxes on time; 3 percent or more do not. This might not sound like much, but
when you consider that we collect about $28 billion annually, 3 percent added up
over time is a huge number, money we desperately need.

So, what can be done? In the long-term, we need to invest in upgrading our
technological and business infrastructure so we have the computer systems,
business processes, and personnel to adequately address this problem. To the
credit of the administration, the Department of Revenue is in the process of
selecting a vendor to overhaul its legacy computer systems. But this will not
happen overnight and will likely take five years to complete.

That is why I have proposed House Bill 1627, which gives individuals or
companies who owe back taxes a window of opportunity to pay what is owed plus a
portion of the interest without any penalties. If the taxpayer would become
delinquent again within two years, all abated penalties would be reinstated. A
nonparticipation penalty would be added to unpaid delinquent taxes, interest,
and penalties for those who decide not to participate.

Given our current fiscal crisis and the fact the Department of Revenue is in the
process of upgrading its tax collection systems, in the short term, this kind of
program has the potential to collect large sums of unpaid taxes quickly.

Recently, Gov. Jon S. Corzine announced that New Jersey expects to collect as
much as $700 million in unpaid, back taxes through its amnesty program. It was
enacted as part of a series of solutions to close a shortfall in that state's
current fiscal year. From May 4 through June 15, the state waived penalties and
half the interest owed on delinquent taxes for tax returns due on or after
Jan.1, 2002, and before Feb. 1, 2009.

As of June 18, more than $600 million had already been accounted for and about
17,500 envelopes still needed to be opened and processed. Not bad for a month
and half's work. But here is the best part: This solution is nonpartisan.

If New Jersey can do it, so can Pennsylvania! It is time for the Legislature to
think outside of the box.

State Rep. John Bear, a Lititz Republican, represents the 97th District.

Barbara Hough Roda, P.O. Box 1328, Lancaster, PA 17608-1328, or e-mail to
broda@lnpnews.com Columns should be no more than 600 words.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             August 2, 2009 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

WHAT WE SAID...75 YEARS AGO

SECTION: SUNDAY OPINION; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 149 words


"Figures released by the federal census bureau emphasize how distressing is the
delinquent tax situation in this state. The statistics indicate how imperative
it is that the legislature of 1935 pass legislation that will relieve real
estate of a portion of the burden it now carries.

"The census bureau figures show nearly one-third of the taxes assessed against
real estate in Wisconsin for the 1932-33 taxation period are unpaid.

Some method must be provided not only to furnish funds to replace these taxation
losses in the counties having the largest delinquent lists but also to raise
future funds for carrying on state, county and municipal activities....

"Replacing the impaired revenue will mean new forms of taxation. The people of
Wisconsin as well as members of and candidates for the Legislature should be
studying the taxation questions."

- Wisconsin State Journal editorial, Aug. 2, 1934

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo provided by Paul Rabenhorst State Street in Madison during the
1930s. About 20 percent of Dane County property - businesses, homes and land -
was delinquent on property taxes for the 1932-1933 tax year. In Racine, Kenosha
and Milwaukee counties, nearly half of all property was delinquent on its real
estate taxes.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Augusta Chronicle (Augusta, GA) ~(Augusta, GA)

                                January 13, 2009

Board devises plan to get fees.

BYLINE: Greg Gelpi

LENGTH: 471 words


Jan. 13--Delinquent student accounts could be turned over to a collection agency
under a draft policy being considered by the Richmond County Board of Education.
The issue has arisen because of an increasing amount of outstanding summer
school fees -- $111,902 for the past five school years.

"This is just another thing we're putting in place to make the school system
better," board member Venus Cain said. "The sad part is that this is probably
something that has gone on for years." Summer school fees are due at the time of
registration, but the school system has allowed parents struggling financially
to set up payment plans, she said. The problem "snowballed" over the years. But
the policy proposal could affect more than just summer school students. It would
turn all delinquent student fees over to a collection agency, including fees for
damaged and lost library books and textbooks. Controller Gene Spires said this
might be the first time the school system has turned to a collection service for
delinquent student fees. The proposal builds on existing policy. It establishes
procedures for tracking and recording outstanding fees and formalizes a process
for putting academic holds on accounts owing $20 or more. An academic hold, part
of the current policy, prevents students from getting their report cards and
access to their permanent records. That happens a few times every year,
Hephzibah Middle School Principal Deborah Shepherd said. "We still have report
cards in the vault that were never collected last year," Dr. Shepherd said.
Columbia County also places academic holds on delinquent student accounts,
although Controller Pat Sullivan said she is unsure how successful that has been
with grades available online. She said there has been no discussion about using
a collection agency. Savannah-Chatham County school system, a system similar in
size and demographics to Richmond County, doesn't use a collection agency.
Spokesman Bucky Burnsed said it doesn't have a problem with delinquent summer
school fees because they are collected in advance. Mrs. Cain hopes to prevent
fees from becoming delinquent by setting up a prepayment plan for parents who
anticipate that their children will attend summer school. "I figure people
layaway everything else, prepay everything else, why not summer school?" she
asked. Reach Greg Gelpi at (706) 828-3851 or greg.gelpi@augustachronicle.com.

To see more of The Augusta Chronicle, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://augustachronicle.com.

Copyright (c) 2009, The Augusta Chronicle, Ga.

Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.

For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 6109322

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 0QGI

                        Copyright 2009 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
             Copyright 2009 McClatchy-Tribune Information Services


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 22, 2010 Thursday

Tax bill sale Aug. 9: Property owners urged to pay up

BYLINE: Bill Mardis, Commonwealth Journal, Somerset, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


July 22--SOMERSET -- Pulaski County Clerk Ralph Troxtell is urging people with
delinquent real estate property tax bills to come to his office and pay the
taxes before the bills are sold to third-party purchasers.

Some 1,682 delinquent real estate tax bills for 2009 totaling about $530,000
will be offered for sale August 9, beginning at 9 a.m., in the fiscal courtroom
at the Pulaski County courthouse. Before then, delinquent bills can be paid and
property owners will avoid the high cost of dealing with a third-party
purchaser, Troxtell advised.

"A delinquent tax bill bought by a third-party purchaser becomes a financial
burden on the property owner," Troxtell cautioned. The purchased bill becomes a
lien on the property and with a 12 percent annual interest rate plus various
administrative and legal fees, the bill can triple or quadruple. Left unpaid, it
can eventually lead to foreclosure.

"With 1 percent a month interest and numerous fees, a delinquent tax bill turns
out to be very profitable for third-party purchasers," Troxtell explained.
Buyers go from county to county for the tax bills sales, dates of which are set
by the Kentucky Department of Revenue.

Anybody, after the sale " ... can come to my office and buy an unsold delinquent
tax bill. I have no choice ... I have to sell it ... it's state law ... it's
mandatory," said Troxtell.

Ron Woodson, former Pulaski County property valuation administrator who
currently prepares computer software for county clerks' offices, predicts about
a third of the more than 1,600 delinquent bills will be purchased during the
August 9 sale. Buyers draw a number and are given an opportunity to purchase up
to 25 delinquent bills at a time in numerical order. Troxtell expects the sale
to last about three hours.

A delinquent tax bill purchased by a third-party purchaser becomes a lien on the
property. Buying the tax bill is not buying the property," Woodson explained.
Previous third-party purchasers of a delinquent tax bill on a piece of property
have priority at the upcoming sale to buy the 2009 delinquent tax bill on that
property.

Woodson pointed out that the $530,000 in delinquent taxes is less than 2 percent
of the more than $20 million in taxes collected in 2009 by the Pulaski County
Sheriff's Department.

"This (sale) is not my doing," said Troxtell. "It is required by state law
(House Bill 262)." The law now requires the sheriff on April 15 to turn over
delinquent taxes to the county clerk for collection.

Troxtell said Sheriff Todd Wood on April 15 turned over to his office 2,189
delinquent tax bills on which $580,252.98 taxes are due. Since then, 507 of the
delinquent bills have been paid, reducing the total still due on 1,682 unpaid
bills to about $530,000.

Both Woodson and Troxtell emphasized that state law makes it the responsibility
of property owners to pay their taxes whether or not they get a bill. The tax
bill on any property sold after March 31, 2009 went to the seller, not the
buyer, Troxtell added.

He urged taxpayers to go to clerk's website â[#x20ac]"â[#x20ac]"
www.pulaskicountycourtclerk.com â[#x20ac]"â[#x20ac]" to see if they owe taxes on
their property.

To see more of the Commonwealth Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.somerset-kentucky.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Commonwealth Journal,
Somerset, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100722-CG-Tax-bill-sale-Aug-9-20100722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CG


                      Copyright 2010 Commonwealth Journal


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                          September 27, 1990 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

SUGAR MAY NOT BE CAUSING THE SOCIAL ROT, AFTER ALL;
ONLY HUMAN

BYLINE: STEPHEN JUAN

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Agenda; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 487 words


A HIGH sugar diet may improve the behaviour of delinquent adolescents. This is
the surprising finding of new research which could stand conventional nutrition
advice on its ear. Known as the Wisconsin study, the US research finds no
evidence to support the commonly-held view that eating too many sweets
predisposes some adolescents towards hyperactivity, poor academic performance
and disruptive behaviour, or inclines them towards crime.

Since the mid-1970s, a number of studies have theorised a causal link between
heavy consumption of sugary foods and various forms of undesirable behaviour in
children of different ages. For example, Drs R.J. Prinz and J.D. Riddle reported
in a 1986 article in Nutritional Review that sugar ingestion was associated with
hyperactivity in five-year-olds. An implication of the study for older children
was that sugar influenced the psychological processes that underlie the
hyperactive, impulsive and aggressive behaviours long associated with juvenile
delinquency and adult criminality.

But other studies have failed to firmly establish a causal link between sugar
and behaviour. Usually, research comes up with unclear or mixed results

But this debate has just taken an unexpected new twist with the Wisconsin study.
Six researchers from the University of Wisconsin reported results from the first
study comparing the effects of different sweeteners on criminally delinquent and
non-delinquent male adolescents. Their article, "Sucrose and delinquency:
Behavioural assessment" appears in the August issue of Pediatrics. The team
sought "to evaluate the hypothesis that sucrose (sugar)ingestion may compromise
the behavioural performance of juvenile delinquents". They administered tests to
115 delinquent and 39 non-delinquent males after giving them breakfasts
sweetened with either sugar or the artificial sweetener aspartame.

They found "no support for the contention that sucrose ingestion compromises
behaviour". This was true for the delinquents as well as for the non-delinquents
. But most surprisingly of all, they found that the most hyperactive and
disturbed subjects "demonstrated better performance after the sucrose than after
the nosucrose breakfast". Thus, this study implies that just as eliminating
sugar from the diet may improve a delinquent's behaviour, adding sugar may
accomplish the same thing.

But the researchers offer a cautionary note. They think that an individual's
body chemistry and metabolism may cause him to react negatively to sugar, react
positively, or not react at all. They add: "These results indicate that simple
statements regarding the effects of sucrose ingestion on behaviour are likely to
be misleading and highlight the need to consider individual difference variables
when investigating the effects of sucrose on juvenile delinquents." In other
words, any statement as to the effect of sugar on behaviour ought to be taken
with a grain of salt.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1990 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 24, 2010

Delinks Up, But VA Rate Improves VA Delinquencies Outperform

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 34 No. 34

LENGTH: 994  words


As national delinquencies creepup, the industry is reviewing outperformers such
as loans insured by the Department of Veteran Affairs, which the Mortgage
Bankers Association is recommending to Congress "to keep strong."

"VA loans have performed better than any other segment of the market"
outperforming their counterparts through the recent housing crisis, said MBA's
James H. Danis II, testifying before the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on
Economic Opportunity. And the reason why the VA portfolio has been able "to
weather today's turbulent market" is largely due to conservative underwriting
standards that require fully documented and fully underwritten loans on
owner-occupied properties, he said.

MBA data show the serious delinquency rate for VA loans in the first quarter of
2010 was 5.29%, well below the 7% for prime loans.

Up to 10.06% of all mortgagors were behind on payments at March 31,
which-according to calculations made by National Mortgage News based on MBA
data-means $1 trillion in both first and second liens are overdue.

Compared to the same period a year ago, late payments rose 10%. Meanwhile
"seriously delinquent" loans or loans that are 90 days or more late or in
foreclosure represented 9.54% of all loans, up 2.3% from the first quarter of
2009.

Among worries that global and domestic "fundamental market factors" may be
having a greater influence on delinquency rates than is normally the case, MBA's
chief economist Jay Brinkmann said during a press conference, the first-quarter
national delinquency report shows yet another increase in delinquencies for
residential mortgage loans along with some hope for improvement.

According to Brinkmann, during the past year delinquencies have been driven
"much more" by the recession than by any loan type.

Despite this, quite a few traditional loan type performance patterns persist,
indicating some level of stabilization.

A loan type performance review shows that at 0.69% and 0.89%, respectively,
prime fixed-rate mortgages and VA loans have the lowest delinquency rate
averages, compared to 1.46% for FHA loans, 2.29% for prime adjustable-rate
loans, 2.64% for subprime fixed and 4.32% for subprime ARMs.

Both year-over-year and quarterly improvements in VA delinquency rates were more
prominent in all states. Curiously, Michigan is the new "black sheep" in terms
of deteriorating performance, while the leading delinquent states of California,
Florida, Nevada and Arizona show signs of improvement. While Michigan had the
highest 90-day-plus delinquency rate in the VA group it also had the largest
quarterly improvement. The change was by 33 bps year-to-year and 87 bps 1Q10 vs.
4Q09.

In Washington, D.C., the VA delinquency rate changed 26 bps quarterly, but
showed a dramatic 168 bps improvement in the 1Q10 vs. 1Q09 delinquency rate that
was well above the 152 bps national average and other states within the same
category, such as Vermont at 65 bps and North Dakota at 59 bps.

A closer look shows delinquency rates among VA loans remain the lowest among all
loan types, including FHA and prime fixed loans, which historically have
performed better than all other loan types across the board. The rate of
delinquency starts and 90-day-plus delinquent VA loans by state ranged from
1.81% to 0.24% and 4.47% to 0.85% top to bottom.

What stands out among foreclosure starts in general is the increase in the
percentage of delinquent prime fixed loans from 28.9% in 1Q09 to 36.7% in 1Q10,
"more than likely" due to job loss than loan reset issues. So much so that now
the delinquency market is dominated by prime fixed rate loans.

Subprime loans on the other hand are consistently following an improvement
trend. In 1Q10 the subprime ARM delinquency rate was 14.4%, down from 26.6% in
1Q09, in part due to improvements in the top four problematic states:
California, Florida, Arizona and Nevada.

A year ago these states represented 45.3% of all problem loans in the country
and this year the percentage dropped to 37.9%, lead by significant
quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year improvements in California. The dominance
of these "sand states" is expected to slowly fade out in the coming quarters,
Brinkmann said, with Michigan and other states turning into bottom performers
due to various economic issues in recent years.

On a quarter-to-quarter basis all states saw declines in foreclosure starts in
all loan types, even though most (up to 40 states) saw increases in foreclosure
starts in prime fixed and prime ARM loans and even FHA loans.

And VA loans were the single-best performing loan type consistently showing very
low rates of both foreclosure starts and 90-day and over delinquent rates
quarter-to quarter and year-over-year outperforming FHAs and prime fixed loans.

Higher consistency in loan type performance is a good sign within a wider
context.

Brinkmann said during the press conference that he still sees a "case for
gradual improvement" going forward.

Economic problems in Europe are expected to have some impact on the housing
market. "We should see improvement" in delinquencies and the foreclosure process
especially after the body of loans 90-days-plus delinquent goes through the
system.

Currently, the MBA's chief economist said foreclosed inventory, 90-day and over
delinquent loans and the shadow inventory make up for about 4.3 million loans
that "need to be worked through." If not, they will add to the existing REO
inventory.

Two main factors "that have likely delayed the process" of moving seriously
delinquent loans into a final modification or foreclosure are government
programs that mitigate longer stays of over 90-day delinquent homeowners in
their homes, including various "legal hoops" and new requirements, Brinkmann
said, combined with servicers' capacity shortages. So since the economic
slowdown, the shock from subprime loan defaults and major mortgage processing
issues "are behind us," problems related to the current more traditional
recession.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 30, 2009 Wednesday

Restaurateur pays more than $140K in delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Michael P. Buffer, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


Sep. 30--WILKES-BARRE -- Payments totaling more than $140,000 have reduced
delinquent tax bills on 19 properties owned by Robert S. Jabers, a politically
connected restaurateur in Luzerne County.

Without those payments, the county tax claim office would have tried to sell the
properties at a delinquent tax sale on Sept. 16. The office recorded the
payments on Aug. 3 and Sept. 15, records show.

Jabers is owner of the Saber Room Restaurant in Wilkes-Barre, and six of the 19
properties are owned by his company, Excalibur Development Corp. The Saber Room,
94 Butler St., was the site of many fundraisers, political gatherings and
election parties over the years.

Unpaid taxes on Jabers' properties dated back to 2004, and the county could have
listed them for tax claim sales in 2006 and 2007. But the county tax claim
office did not document why the properties were not up for sale in 2006 and
2007.

County officials have said tax claim irregularities are being reviewed by
federal authorities conducting an ongoing public corruption probe. An FBI agent
visited the tax claim office sometime last month, tax claim Deputy Director Beth
Ann Christian said.

Last year, county officials could not explain or justify why a property owned by
Recorder of Deeds James "Red" O'Brien was off not offered at delinquent tax
sales. O'Brien's unpaid taxes dated back to 2003. In June 2008, O'Brien paid off
a delinquent tax bill of $17,855 after selling O'Brien's Irish Pub and
Restaurant in Avoca for $205,000.

In 2008, Jabers paid the county more than $26,000 to reduce his delinquent tax
bill but later defaulted on payment agreements, records show. In April,
Christian said Jabers was not eligible for another payment agreement for three
years, so he would have to pay delinquency amounts in full to avoid having
properties listed at the Sept. 16 sale.

According to campaign finance records that date back to 2000, Jabers has donated
at least $3,250 to various campaigns involving area politicians and judges;
campaigns spent $21,772 on 17 Saber Room events.

mbuffer@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2073

To see more of The Citizens' Voice or to subscribe to the newspaper, visit
http://www.citizensvoice.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Citizens' Voice,
Wilkes-Barre, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090930-YC-Restaurateur-pays-more-than-140K-in-delinquent-taxes-0930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                                 Copyright 2009


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 04, 1997, Saturday, Final Edition

Community Association Board's Quick Action Is Essential for Recouping Delinquent
Fees

Benny L. Kass

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. F05; HOUSING COUNSEL

LENGTH: 875 words


Q: We live in a Maryland community association. Although most of our owners pay
their assessments on time, one owner has refused. Attempts thus far through
legal channels have proved ineffective. His last payment was in 1995; after he
was delinquent for four months, we began legal action.

However, almost two years later we have not received one dime from this owner.
Now, his mortgage lender intends to foreclose. Is there anything the board can
do now and do you have any suggestions so we can avoid this problem in the
future?

A: It will not be a consolation to you, but you are not alone. Many community
associations are facing this identical problem. There are, however, a number of
steps that your association should take to avoid this problem from happening
again.

First and foremost, I strongly recommend that your board of directors -- and
your management company -- begin an educational campaign. Advise your owners --
by newsletter, periodic notices and at your annual meetings -- that they are
owners, and not tenants. Non-payment of monthly assessments hurts everyone in
the association, including the delinquent owner. At the beginning of each year,
a budget is developed; each owner pays his/her share of the annual budget,
usually on a monthly or quarterly basis. If an owner does not make these
payments, your association will not have sufficient funds to meet your monthly
obligations. This can be disastrous for the entire community.

As this column has suggested in the past, you must adopt a "zero tolerance"
collection policy. You advised me that you let your owner stay delinquent four
months before you initiated legal action. Clearly, you can see the problem with
such a delay; if the owner does not have enough money to pay one month's
assessment, how will he/she have funds to pay four months? None of us believe
that the owner would put aside funds for the benefit of the association.

Review your association documents. Your board should have authority to adopt --
as a rule and not as a bylaw amendment -- this zero tolerance policy. Such a
policy contains the following simple concepts:

* When the unit owner is 30 days delinquent, the board will accelerate the
balance of the assessments for the year.

* The board will refer the matter immediately to its legal counsel, with
instructions that a lawsuit against the owner be filed and a lien recorded on
the property without delay.

We all understand that litigation is time-consuming and expensive. Judges do not
always award legal fees to the association, even though the community's legal
documents might authorize such an award. However, what is the alternative? More
importantly, such zero tolerance policy sends a clear message to all owners:
Your board will no longer tolerate delinquencies of any amount, and will take
immediate legal action against all delinquent owners. Some homeowners'
associations have collected overdue fees successfully by filing liens against
their dues-delinquent neighbors and collected the money when owners have sold
their homes or refinanced their mortgages.

Turning to your immediate problem, if the lender forecloses you most likely will
not collect the delinquent fees from the foreclosure sale. It does not, of
course, wipe the slate clean -- you still have the right to go after the
delinquent owner. Once you obtain a court judgment against the owner, or former
owner, and if he/she has any money or has a job, you can take all appropriate
collection steps that are available to a judgment creditor. These include
attachment of bank accounts and garnishment of wages.

In the District of Columbia, condominium associations have a priority position
of up to six months of assessments against any first trust (mortgage) lender --
if that lender's loan was recorded after March 7, 1991. If the loan was recorded
before that date, and the lender forecloses, your association does not get the
priority.

Community association leaders in both Virginia and Maryland have been trying to
get similar "priority" legislation adopted by their state legislative bodies,
but to date have been unsuccessful.

You also asked if you -- as board members -- were meeting your fiduciary
responsibilities to all owners, since this one owner has not paid for such a
long period of time.

Board members can only try to do their best; they are not expected to work
miracles. An important test that the courts often use is to question whether the
members of the board exercised "good business judgment." In your case, you have
taken all the steps necessary to collect, and even though you have thus far been
unsuccessful, you clearly have exercised good business judgment.

Perhaps the best thing to expect now is that the mortgage lender will complete
its foreclosure process. Once the new lender has foreclosed, your association is
entitled to collect fees from the new owner, whether that is the lender itself
or some third party who purchased the property at the foreclosure sale.

Benny L. Kass is a Washington lawyer. For a free copy of the booklet "A Guide to
Settlement on Your New Home," send a self-addressed stamped envelope to Benny L.
Kass, Suite 1100, 1050 17th St. NW, Washington, D.C., 20036.

LOAD-DATE: October 04, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Delinquent taxes lead to property sale

BYLINE: By, Dianne L Stallings

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 349 words


A delinquent property tax sale for Lincoln County is set for 9 a.m., Aug. 4, by
officials with the New Mexico Property Tax Division.

Owners of 58 properties on the current sale list that have not paid the
delinquent property tax, County Treasurer Beverly Calaway said. All delinquent
taxes must be paid in full to remove the item from the public auction, she said.

"It's discouraging to have this many properties still on the list, within two
weeks of the tax sale," Calaway said. "These property owners have had adequate
time to pay the delinquent taxes, and in most cases, the property tax is three
or more years past due. My office has sent out numerous letters to the owners, I
also try to contact them in person to let them know of the consequences of
nonpayment, that the property will go to auction by the State of New Mexico."

State Property Tax Division officials start the process of title research, red
tag the property, send certified letters and collection efforts, a full year
before the date of the tax sale, she said. The state agency also will consider
installment agreements for hardship cases, if needed.

The state advertises the delinquent property taxes in the local newspaper and on
line for persons interested in purchasing delinquent properties around the
state. At this time, the Lincoln County Sale List is available on the county
website of lincolncountynm.gov, by clicking on the County Treasurer's web page,
or the list may be purchased at the Treasurer's Office for a fee of $5, Calaway
said. Maps also are also available for $5.

"My goal is to collect 100 percent of the delinquent property tax due on these
properties and to be able to cancel the public auction," the treasurer said. "I
certainly do not want to see anyone lose their property or homes at a public
auction for delinquent property taxes. Believe me, this keeps me awake at
night."

The public auction of real property for delinquent property taxes will be
conducted in the commission chambers of the Lincoln County Courthouse and will
continue until all described real property has been offered for sale.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: rui


                          Copyright 2016 Ruidoso News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: ORDER INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND NOTICE OF HEARING
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(j) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

LENGTH: 1303  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has published the
following document:


UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Before the SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Release No. 74447 / March 5, 2015
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING File No. 3-16421
In the Matter of
Black Sea Metals, Inc., GigaBeam Corp., Safe Technologies International, Inc.,
and Whitemark Homes, Inc., Respondents.
ORDER INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND NOTICE OF HEARING PURSUANT TO
SECTION 12(j) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

I.


 The Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") deems it necessary and
appropriate for the protection of investors that public administrative
proceedings be, and hereby are, instituted pursuant to Section 12(j) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") against Respondents Black Sea
Metals, Inc., GigaBeam Corp., Safe Technologies International, Inc., and
Whitemark Homes, Inc.
II.
 After an investigation, the Division of Enforcement alleges that:
A. RESPONDENTS
1. Black Sea Metals, Inc. (CIK No. 1174907) is a revoked Nevada corporation
located in Austin, Texas with a class of securities registered with the
Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). Black Sea Metals is
delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any
periodic reports since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended May 31, 2012,
which reported a net loss of $489,931 for the prior six months. As of February
19, 2015, the company's stock (symbol "BLAK") was quoted on OTC Link, had seven
market makers, and was eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act
Rule 15c2-11(f)(3).
 2
2. GigaBeam Corp. (CIK No. 1279831) is a void Delaware corporation located in
Durham, North Carolina with a class of securities registered with the Commission
pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). GigaBeam is delinquent in its periodic
filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic reports since it
filed a Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2007, which reported a
net loss of $9,546,809 for the prior nine months. As of February 19, 2015, the
company's stock (symbol "GGBM") was quoted on OTC Link, had eight market makers,
and was eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act Rule
15c2-11(f)(3).
3. Safe Technologies International, Inc. (CIK No. 829117) is a forfeited
Delaware corporation located in Coral Springs, Florida with a class of
securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section
12(g). Safe Technologies International is delinquent in its periodic filings
with the Commission, having not filed any periodic reports since it filed a Form
10-K for the period ended December 31, 2010, which reported a net loss of
$614,199 for the prior twelve months. As of February 19, 2015, the company's
stock (symbol "SFA") was quoted on OTC Link, had eleven market makers, and was
eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act Rule 15c2-11(f)(3).
4. Whitemark Homes, Inc. (CIK No. 42284) is a Colorado corporation located in
Sarasota, Florida with a class of securities registered with the Commission
pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g). Whitemark Homes is delinquent in its
periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed any periodic reports
since it filed a Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2012, which
reported a net loss of $133,460 for the prior nine months. As of February 19,
2015, the company's stock (symbol "TM") was quoted on OTC Link, had eight market
makers, and was eligible for the "piggyback" exception of Exchange Act Rule
15c2-11(f)(3).
B. DELINQUENT PERIODIC FILINGS
5. As discussed in more detail above, all of the Respondents are delinquent in
their periodic filings with the Commission, have repeatedly failed to meet their
obligations to file timely periodic reports, and failed to heed delinquency
letters sent to them by the Division of Corporation Finance requesting
compliance with their periodic filing obligations or, through their failure to
maintain a valid address on file with the Commission as required by Commission
rules, did not receive such letters.
6. Exchange Act Section 13(a) and the rules promulgated thereunder require
issuers of securities registered pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12 to file
with the Commission current and accurate information in periodic reports, even
if the registration is voluntary under Section 12(g). Specifically, Rule 13a-1
requires issuers to file annual reports, and Rule 13a-13 requires domestic
issuers to file quarterly reports.
7. As a result of the foregoing, Respondents failed to comply with Exchange Act
Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and/or 13a-13 thereunder.
 3
III.
 In view of the allegations made by the Division of Enforcement, the Commission
deems it necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors that public
administrative proceedings be instituted to determine:
 A. Whether the allegations contained in Section II hereof are true and, in
connection therewith, to afford the Respondents an opportunity to establish any
defenses to such allegations; and,
 B. Whether it is necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors to
suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months, or revoke the registration of
each class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act
of the Respondents identified in Section II hereof, and any successor under
Exchange Act Rules 12b-2 or 12g-3, and any new corporate names of any
Respondents.
IV.
 IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that a public hearing for the purpose of taking evidence
on the questions set forth in Section III hereof shall be convened at a time and
place to be fixed, and before an Administrative Law Judge to be designated by
further order as provided by Rule 110 of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17
C.F.R. § 201.110].
 IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that Respondents shall file an Answer to the
allegations contained in this Order within ten (10) days after service of this
Order, as provided by Rule 220(b) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17
C.F.R. § 201.220(b)].
 If Respondents fail to file the directed Answers, or fail to appear at a
hearing after being duly notified, the Respondents, and any successor under
Exchange Act Rules 12b-2 or 12g-3, and any new corporate names of any
Respondents, may be deemed in default and the proceedings may be determined
against them upon consideration of this Order, the allegations of which may be
deemed to be true as provided by Rules 155(a), 220(f), 221(f), and 310 of the
Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §§ 201.155(a), 201.220(f), 201.221(f),
and 201.310].
 This Order shall be served forthwith upon Respondents personally or by
certified, registered, or Express Mail, or by other means permitted by the
Commission Rules of Practice.
 IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Administrative Law Judge shall issue an initial
decision no later than 120 days from the date of service of this Order, pursuant
to Rule 360(a)(2) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §
201.360(a)(2)].
 In the absence of an appropriate waiver, no officer or employee of the
Commission engaged in the performance of investigative or prosecuting functions
in this or any factually related proceeding will be permitted to participate or
advise in the decision of this matter, except as witness or counsel in
proceedings held pursuant to
 4
notice. Since this proceeding is not "rule making" within the meaning of Section
551 of the Administrative Procedure Act, it is not deemed subject to the
provisions of Section 553 delaying the effective date of any final Commission
action.
 By the Commission.
 Brent J. Fields Secretary

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Progress, at last, on overdue garbage bills

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 525 words


Feb. 11--Five years ago, an Erie Times-News investigation revealed that unpaid
garbage bills had become a huge financial drain for the city of Erie. In 2010,
garbage customers owed $1.6 million.

But solutions to press delinquent customers to pay up weren't forthcoming from
City Hall after this newspaper first investigated. When reporter Kevin Flowers
revisited the issue in late 2013, the amount owed to the city had increased to
more than $2 million.

Erie Mayor Joe Sinnott's solution in 2013 was to propose higher garbage fees for
the 2014 budget, from $48 to $55 a quarter, and to post a database on the city
website with the names and addresses of delinquent customers and the amount they
owed.

The database revealed that two elected officials were behind on their garbage
bills. After the publicity, they made payment arrangements with Erie Water
Works, which provides billing services for the city's garbage, water and sewer
bills. The database also revealed that landlords owed thousands. Landlords
blamed tenants for skipping out on their garbage bills, even though the property
owner is the responsible party.

Posting the database online was a victory for transparency in government. You
can view the current list at www.goerie.com/garbagebills.

But publicizing the names and addresses of delinquent customers wasn't enough to
make a dent in collections. Erie City Council finally put teeth into the
collection effort when it approved a resolution directing Erie Water Works to
combine garbage and sewer fees into one bill; partial payment on bills would go
to pay the garbage bill, not the sewer bill. Sewer fees previously had been
charged on the water bill.

Eliminating trash pickup for delinquent garbage customers doesn't work. It would
be nearly impossible for city garbage collectors to figure out which customers
are delinquent when they pick up trash late at night or early in the morning,
and it would be a public health hazard to let garbage pile up on city streets.

But the combined garbage-sewer bill is an effective tool for delinquent
customers. If sewer bills aren't paid, Erie Water Works can shut off water
service. Since the bills were combined after Nov. 1, the number of payment
arrangements for overdue garbage bills has increased from 160 to 1,899, and
$145,000 has been collected. "I think a lot of people have come to a realization
that they received a service that they have to pay for, and they are taking
advantage of a way to pay that over time," said Paul Vojtek, chief executive of
Erie Water Works.

This isn't a perfect solution. People who pay their bills on time are still
paying the higher garbage fee that City Council approved to balance the 2014
budget, and now the sewer charge has been tacked on to that bill.

Still, we salute City Council and Erie Water Works for devising a partial
solution to reduce garbage delinquencies. But more must be done. According to
the online database, updated Feb. 2, the city is still owed $2,025,822.32 in
garbage bills, and that stinks.

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150211-EI-EDITORIAL-Progress-at-last-on-overdue-garbage-bills-0211-20150211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 20, 1989, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

States Using Stiff Methods To Collect Child Support

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1094 words


Using strengthened Federal and state laws, New Jersey, Connecticut and New York
are tracking down parents who fail to pay court-ordered child support and
collecting the money by seizing their wages, intercepting tax refunds or putting
the delinquents in jail until they pay.

In New Jersey, ranked as one of the toughest states in enforcing child support,
many county sheriffs have taken advantage of Federal financial aid to hire
officers exclusively for such cases and have rounded up delinquents in mass
sweeps and jailed some.

In one of the more dramatic sweeps, in Monmouth County, Sheriff William Lanzaro
dispatched 38 officers last month to serve warrants on 66 delinquent fathers.
Thirty-six of them, owing a total of $217,000, were roused from sleep, led away
in handcuffs and forced to sit in the county jail until they paid part of their
debt.

''It's called pay or stay, and they pay,'' said Raymond Rainville, chief of
child-support enforcement services for New Jersey courts. ''It sounds too
simple, but it works.''

Speedier Justice Sought

Under the Federal Child Support Enforcement Amendments of 1984, states were
required to strengthen their enforcement procedures to qualify for Aid to
Dependent Children grants. The amendments suggested speeding hearings through
the use of officials other than judges.

In New Jersey these officials are called hearing officers, and they make
recommendations to a judge. In Connecticut they are called family-support
magistrates, and they recently received authority to incarcerate delinquent
fathers.

The Federal Family Support Act of 1988 required states to have uniform
child-support guidelines for judges to consider in awarding payments. Income and
number of children, for example, would be considered under the guidelines.

Last year the House Ways and Means Committee rated the enforcement programs of
the 50 states, and New Jersey officials note that their state ranked No. 2. New
Jersey has increased collections from delinquent parents from $183 million in
1984 to $280 million projected for this year.

Only three states besides New Jersey received A ratings from the committee:
Michigan, which was ranked first, Delaware, third, and North Dakota, fourth.

A spokeswoman for the New Jersey Department of Human Services, Mary Kay Risi,
said: ''New Jersey is among states that are beginning to look at child-support
enforcement as a law-enforcement issue and the violation of support orders as a
crime. This wasn't the case in the past. One of the states that is using arrests
and raids is Massachusetts.''

Pressure Through Jailing

In Monmouth County, failure to make child-support payments for two weeks usually
leads to a bench warrant for arrest of the parent. After the arrest, each case
is handled individually, said Jan Budnik, a principal probation officer for the
county. ''If their history indicates they have a pattern of nonpayment, they can
be kept in jail in an attempt to make them pay,'' he said.

The probation department gives the court the history of the case, and the judge
determines how much partial payment is needed to obtain release from jail, Mr.
Budnik said.

Of the 36 men arrested in the Monmouth sweep, 16 managed to pay their way to
freedom by the end of the day and eight more did so by the next morning. But
seven remained in jail after two weeks, and the last was not released until
after three weeks, 'No Civil-Rights Issue'

Edward Martone, executive director of the New Jersey branch of the American
Civil Liberties Union, said: ''I don't see any civil liberties implications in
these sweeps. There is no civil-rights issue, but a law-enforcement issue, in
that there is reasonable suspicion that these men are in violation of legitimate
court orders.''

The raids have less to do with punishing delinquent parents than to impress on
them that New Jersey is serious about collecting child support, officials said.
Sheriff Lanzaro, whose first raid in February netted 22 men, said, ''We find
that after we conduct raids, for weeks afterward, delinquent fathers come in
voluntarily and the payments escalate.''

Other New Jersey counties that have conducted sweeps are Camden, Cape May,
Gloucester, Morris, Ocean and Union, and still others are preparing to do so.
Marion Reitz, director of the Division of Economic Assistance of the state's
Department of Human Services, said 17 of the 21 counties in the state were now
being reimbursed by the Federal Government for seeking collections under
warrants.

Sheriff Lanzaro, said that he was able to hire a part-time secretary and two
extra officers with the reimbursements and that he planned to hire a third
officer.

Crackdowns Are Growing

New Jersey, with some 300,000 child-support cases, does not keep figures on the
number of arrests for nonpayment of child support, said Mr. Rainville, the
courts official. Neither does Connecticut, with 93,000 cases, or New York, with
776,000, so comparisons are difficult.

''We have about 90 arrest warrants a month,'' Sheriff Lanzaro said. ''Of these,
we arrest 60 to 70 a month, and of the 20 remaining, about 10 will come in on
their own and pay up.''

Neither Connecticut nor New York use the types of sweeps employed by New Jersey,
officials in those states said, but they added that they, too, had been taking a
harder line on delinquents.

They pointed to upgraded state laws in conformity with Federal standards. And
New York was the first and Connecticut the third state to receive Federal
certification and money for a computer system that links involved agencies in
each state to help track delinquents.

Seizure of Funds and Property

In Connecticut, which was rated sixth by the House Ways and Means Committee,
child-support collections have risen steadily each year to about $70 million
this year, said Anthony DiNallo, director of the Bureau of Child Enforcement in
the Connecticut Department of Human Resources.

Over 50 percent of collections come from seizing wages, he said, but in the last
five years the interception of tax refunds and liens on property have increased
total collections from $4.6 million to $11.8 million.

New York's total collections increased from $188 million in 1984 to $310 million
projected for this year. Collections from tax refund intercepts alone have risen
from $11.5 million in 1984 to $53 million projected for 1989.

Last spring New York began informing delinquent parents who owed more than
$1,000 that they had 90 days to pay up or their debts would be reported to
credit bureaus nationwide.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 10, 2012 Wednesday

Alameda County property taxes due by Nov. 1

BYLINE: By Angela Woodall Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 172 words


The first installment of this year's property taxes are due Nov. 1 and will be
considered delinquent if not paid by 5 p.m. Dec. 10. The second installment is
due on Feb. 1 and is delinquent if not paid by 5 p.m. April 10. Delinquent
owners will face a 10 percent penalty.

Payments can be made by mail or in person at the County Tax Collector's Office,
1221 Oak Street, Oakland, weekdays between 8:30 a.m. and 5 p.m.

Property owners can also pay by credit card by calling 510-272-6800 or online
atwww.acgov.org . Another payment option is through eCheck, also available
atwww.acgov.org . Those who want to use a credit card or eCheck but avoid online
payments, can visit the county's KIOSK system, located in the lobby of the tax
collector's office.

Property owners who do not receive their tax bill by Nov. 16, should contact the
tax collector's office in writing, calling 510-272-6800 or visitingwww.acgov.org
.

Tax bills received for property no longer owned should be forwarded to the new
owner or returned to the tax collector's office.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 10, 2012 Wednesday

Alameda County property taxes due by Nov. 1

BYLINE: By Angela Woodall Oakland Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


The first installment of this year's property taxes are due Nov. 1 and will be
considered delinquent if not paid by 5 p.m. Dec. 10. The second installment is
due on Feb. 1 and is delinquent if not paid by 5 p.m. April 10. Delinquent
owners will face a 10 percent penalty.

Payments can be made by mail or in person at the County Tax Collector's Office,
1221 Oak Street, Oakland, weekdays between 8:30 a.m. and 5 p.m.

Property owners can also pay by credit card by calling 510-272-6800 or online
atwww.acgov.org . Another payment option is through eCheck, also available
atwww.acgov.org . Those who want to use a credit card or eCheck but avoid online
payments, can visit the county's KIOSK system, located in the lobby of the tax
collector's office.

Property owners who do not receive their tax bill by Nov. 16, should contact the
tax collector's office in writing, calling 510-272-6800 or visitingwww.acgov.org
.

Tax bills received for property no longer owned should be forwarded to the new
owner or returned to the tax collector's office.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 21, 2009 Saturday

Local headlines

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 427 words


Help available on delinquent taxes

DAYTON - Property owners whose taxes are late can sign up for a payment plan to
pay the delinquencies, and by doing so avoid additional interest or penalty
charges, according to Montgomery County Treasurer Carolyn Rice.

All delinquent property owners are potentially eligible to sign up for a payment
plan, which requires a down payment when the plan is created. The plans also
require the property owner to stay current on any new real estate tax bills.

Delinquent properties with active plans can be excluded from tax foreclosure and
tax lien certificate sales.

For information call the treasurer's office at 225-4010, option 2.

- Lynn Hulsey, staff writer

Beavercreek close to school site deal

BEAVERCREEK - School officials are close to purchasing a 50-acre site owned by
the Nutter family to build the district's next middle school.

The $1.27 million deal is contingent on a zoning change and environmental
assessment of the land at Dayton-Xenia and Ankeney roads, according to district
officials.

The district plans to build a middle school on the land as part of an
$89-million districtwide building and renovation project. The work is possible
because voters approved a tax request in November after two defeats at the
ballot box.

The current Ferguson Middle School will be used to house students from the now
overcrowded high school, according to the plan. New middle and elementary
schools will be constructed.

Richard Eckhardt, school board president, said the district estimates the middle
school site could save $70,000 annually on transportation costs. District
officials are in the midst of designing the two new schools and preparing for
remodeling across the district.

- Christopher Magan, staff writer

Outlet developer plans job fair

MONROE - The developer of an outlet center project scheduled to open later this
summer in Monroe is planning to conduct a job fair.

Chelsea Property Group, a division of Simon Property Group Inc., will feature a
job fair in late May/early June as it prepares for the August opening of
Cincinnati Premium Outlets off Ohio 63, just east of Interstate 75, in Warren
County, said Michele Rothstein, the company's senior vice president of
marketing.

Stores leasing space at the mall are expected to be announced before the job
fair, she said.

The retail center is projected to generate more than $150 million in annual
sales, 800 to 1,000 full and part-time jobs with an annual payroll of more than
$15 million, and property tax revenue of more than $900,000 per year, according
to project documents.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Heartland Park under water $45,000 on city utilities bill

BYLINE: Aly Van Dyke.

aly.vandyke@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 1020 words


Heartland Park Topeka owes the city nearly $45,000 in delinquent utility bills.

The racetrack, which currently is in the process of being purchased by the city,
last paid its water and street utility bills on Aug. 7, 2013, said Suzie
Gilbert, the city's communications and marketing director.

Topeka policy indicates water can be shut off after at least 48 days of
delinquency.

The racetrack appears on a list requested by The Topeka Capital-Journal of 40
properties that are delinquent on utility bills by at least $500 and 41 days.
Gilbert didn't respond to a Capital-Journal question asking how many of the
properties had their water shut off.

August 2013 is roughly the time city officials first started developing a
solution for Heartland Park, according to previous statements from city
officials.

However, Gilbert said, the city is among the vendors the racetrack has to pay
back once the Sales Tax Revenue (STAR) bonds go through. According to a breakout
of allocations, Jayhawk Racing will receive $2,392,117 of the estimated $5
million in bonds.

Records show the racetrack owed $44,645.11 as of Nov. 28.

Owner Raymond Irwin, reached by phone Monday, said he was driving and couldn't
talk. He said he didn't know how much the racetrack owed each month in utility
bills.

"I don't handle those things," Irwin said.

While city officials have been discussing solutions to Heartland Park at least
since the summer of 2013, the city publicly disclosed the plan this past May.
Officials said the discussions prior to this summer were proprietary because of
potential litigation.

The city's plan to rescue Heartland Park was set into motion five days after its
release, when the Topeka City Council approved a memorandum of understanding and
workout agreement with CoreFirst and Jayhawk Racing to pursue additional STAR
bonds.

The city's plan involves issuing another $5 million in STAR bonds to purchase
Heartland Park free of debt. The city council on Tuesday voted 7-3 to approve
the pricing of the new STAR bonds.

The city intends to find an owner or management firm to operate the track. The
city recently sent out a request for proposals for such a partner with a
deadline of Dec. 12. As of Monday, at least five responses were received.

Taking on more debt is required to expand the STAR bond district around the
racetrack.

A larger district is necessary to pay off the STAR bond debt after the current
district - which primarily surrounds the racetrack - routinely has fallen short
of revenue projections. By contrast, revenue projections for the expanded STAR
bond district are based on existing state sales tax revenues for businesses
already operating inside the new district.

City leaders have advocated for the plan because it puts the debt burden on
existing state sales tax revenue, which would be diverted to cover the STAR bond
debt, rather than Topeka property taxes. The additional bonds would bring the
project's STAR bond debt to $17 million, the full amount of which the expanded
district is expected to cover.

In absence of a plan to save Heartland Park, the racing complex is on the track
toward foreclosure, and the city would lose $200,000 in annual sales tax
revenue.

A petition effort to put the council's vote to a public vote recently filed an
appeal to a court's decision the petition was invalid. The two-month effort led
by private residents collected more than 3,500 valid signatures.

Heartland Park's delinquent utility bills make up 26 percent of the city's total
delinquent utility payments, as of Nov. 21.

The Topeka Capital-Journal on Nov. 19 requested a list of all properties that
were delinquent at least $500 on utility bills. The city on Nov. 24 provided a
list of 79 properties. However, at 5:30 p.m. Nov. 26, the city informed the
paper the list was inaccurate, as it included properties that weren't yet
delinquent. Because the city was on holiday Nov. 27-28, a correct list wasn't
received until 4 p.m. Monday.

The updated list includes 40 properties that were delinquent on their water,
wastewater and/or streets motor fuel payments, for a total of $91,889.28 as of
Nov. 28. That makes up 54 percent of the total delinquencies of $170,600 as of
Nov. 21.

The list includes accounts with past-due amounts that are $500 or more and are
delinquent by 41 days or more.

Utility bills become delinquent 21 days after the billing date, according to an
email from Gilbert. After another 20 days, the account becomes eligible for
shut-off - though that typically doesn't happen for at least another week.
Accounts owing $60 or fewer aren't shut off.

That means water typically is shut off after 48 days of delinquent payments.
Records provided to The Capital-Journal show delinquencies ranging from 41 days
to 120 days, excluding Heartland Park.

It wasn't known Tuesday how many of the properties on the list were without
water.

Topeka doesn't send out separate delinquent notices. It instead highlights the
amount owed on the monthly utility bills.

Although the city doesn't charge an interest rate on delinquent utility bills,
it assesses a $32 delinquency fee when an account is shut off and a $24 fee to
turn water back on the same day, Gilbert said.

The city contracts with two collection agencies to pursue delinquent payments,
she said.

Of the nearly $92,000 in delinquent bills worth more than $500, more than
$76,000 are owed by commercial or industrial properties.

Two locations of Hill's Pet Nutrition Inc. at 320 N.E. Crane, for example, owe a
total of $8,796.54. The data show the properties have been delinquent at least
41 days.

The property came on the tax rolls in 2013 after being exempt from 2003 through
2012, according to Shawnee County records. The property last year paid
$122,573.55 in property taxes.

Four properties owned by bankrupt developer Kent Lindemuth owed a total of
$12,962.12 and also had been delinquent at least 41 days.

The city redacted 15 "individually identifiable residential customers" as an
exemption under state statute. The properties ranged from a couple of $50,000
homes in the Montara subdivision to two properties valued at more than $200,000
in southwest Topeka.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 13, 2009 Sunday

Planet Ice property taken out of tax sale

BYLINE: Sandra K. Reabuck, Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


Sep. 13--EBENSBURG -- The Planet Ice property in Richland Township -- slated to
be offered for sale at Cambria County's delinquent tax sale Monday -- was taken
off the auction block Friday because of its pending sale by a private buyer.

Judge Timothy Creany signed an order putting a "stay" -- or hold -- on the sale
after the owner, Roustanâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]Johnstown, petitioned the court to
remove it from the tax sale. The stay will remain in effect pending the private
sale.

Johnstown attorney Kevin Rozich, representing Roustan, divulged neither the name
of the buyer nor the sale price.

Rozich said that proceeds of the sale will enable the owner to pay the
delinquent taxes.

The sale is scheduled to be completed on or before Oct. 30, the attorney said.

A Web site operated by the Cambria Somerset Association of Realtors lists the
Planet Ice property for $2.99 million. The property is 7.5 acres and the
two-story building is 90,020 square feet. It was constructed in 1997.

The Web site listing describes the property as a multiuse facility that includes
a manufacturing and storage area, ice rink and entertainment complex, and office
suites.

The listing agent is Gary Green of Century 21 All Service Inc. at 212 Bloomfield
St. in Richland Township.

Planet Ice topped the list of delinquent tax properties that were advertised by
the county Tax Claim Bureau in July for the upcoming sale.

The bureau said that a total of $250,577 was due on the property at 195 Jari
Drive. The bureau said that the taxes due included $71,493 for 2009 and other
amounts dating back to 2006.

Roustanâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]Johnstown had arranged a payment plan for 2006 taxes, but
the company became delinquent on its payments.

The tax sale will begin at 10 a.m. Monday in Courtroom No. 1 at the county
courthouse. Several hundred properties from the 1,300 listed in July for the
delinquent sale remain on the auction block. Owners have until the time of the
sale to either pay the back taxes or get onto a payment plan.

Typically few properties are sold at the tax sale because it's a "buyer beware"
sale. New owners assume responsibility for any liens, judgments or mortgages on
the property.

Also on Friday, another well-known property was removed from the sale list in an
order signed by the judge. It is the former White Star personal care home, owned
by Speciality Lifecare Realty Corp., at 429 Napoleon St. in Johnstown.

Johnstown lawyer David Novak said that the property is scheduled for a sheriff's
sale in a mortgage foreclosure Dec. 11. The taxes will be paid as part of the
sheriff's sale, Novak said.

Remaining in Monday's delinquent tax sale is the former Miners Hospital property
on Crawford Avenue in Northern Cambria Borough. It is owned by Northern Cambria
Community Development Corp.

Speciality Lifecare came in second in the delinquent sale list with $143,107
owed, while the Miner's property had been listed at third with $136,533 owed.

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090913-JO-Planet-Ice-property-taken-out-of-tax-sale-0913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2009 The Tribune-Democrat


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                       May 07, 2004 Friday, FINAL EDITION

DOR tax evaders listed;
 City man named No. 10

BYLINE: Martin Luttrell; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


- A city resident made the top-10 list of Massachusetts tax deadbeats released
yesterday by the state Department of Revenue.

Ut Vuong, with a last known address of 143 Massasoit Road, owes the state
$395,757 in taxes, according to the DOR. Mr. Vuong was 10th among the top tax
delinquents.

The dubious distinction of highest amount owed went to George Varoudakis of
Danvers, with $1,107,053.

No one answered the telephone at the Vuong residence yesterday, and there was no
answer at the door at the gated property on Massasoit Road.

According to the DOR, there are 1,481 listed as delinquent on taxes.

DOR spokesman Timothy J. Connolly said the law prevents disclosure of specifics
on what types of taxes are owed or Mr. Vuong's source of income. The publication
of the list of deadbeats is aimed at putting some pressure on delinquents to pay
their taxes, he said.

''There is a portion of the law that allows the commission to publish the
list,'' Mr. Connolly said. ''The rest of the privacy provision holds. This is
the first time this list has been done in the last decade.''

He said there had not been much response among the delinquents during the day
yesterday.

''Not really. In the time between the notification of assessment nine months ago
to the publication of the list, just over 300 got their names off the list,'' he
said.

After not responding to official notices, the publication of the list of
delinquents may help, he said.

''I think that's part of what this is about,'' Mr. Connolly said. ''The law has
been on the books for this (publicizing delinquents) for 24 years. It's a
work-intensive project for the DOR. This has only been done a couple of times
before by the DOR.

''It's a little easier now with the Internet. We plan to refresh it every
week.''

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

BRIEF: City Council to consider resolution this morning that pushes for combined
garbage/sewer bill

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 204 words


May 07--Erie City Council will consider a resolution this morning that would
direct the Erie Water Works to change its billing procedures by combining
garbage and sewer fees onto one bill for customers.

The move is part of an ongoing effort to deal with more than $2 million in
delinquent refuse accounts.

Erie Water Works collects water, sewer and refuse bills on the city's behalf.

The resolution also asks Erie Water Works to amend its collection rules and its
contract with the city so that customer payments apply to the most delinquent
charges first.

Paul Vojtek, the Erie Water Works' chief executive, said that since payments
would be applied first to the most delinquent charges, a customer who is
severely late on garbage payments would see his payment go toward the late
refuse bill, which would leave the sewer bill unpaid.

The Erie Water Works could then legally shut off water service, which is billed
separately, to a customer for delinquent sewer charges. Vojtek said state law
allows that.

City Council meets at 9 a.m. in the Bagnoni Council Chambers at City Hall, 626
State St.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140507-EI-BRF-City-Council-to-consider-resolution-this-morning-that-pushes-for
-combined-garbage-sewer-bill-0507-20140507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             April 27, 2014 Sunday
                                  Mich Edition

Candidate gets caught up on delinquent taxes

BYLINE: Amanda Gray, South Bend Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 300 words


SOUTH BEND - County Council District E candidate and current president of the
Warren Township Advisory Board Dan Cruz paid in full delinquent taxes and
penalties on three of his rental properties on Thursday, the same day The
Tribune inquired about the lapse.

Cruz owed $3,200 in delinquent tax bills and penalties from last year for three
South Bend homes, according to public records. He was current on one other
rental property and his personal home. Receipts at the St. Joseph County
treasurer's office show that Cruz paid the back taxes on Thursday.

"They were brought to my attention, and I paid them in full," Cruz said.

The other two candidates in the race, current Councilwoman Diana Hess and
candidate Carolyn Archie, do not have any delinquent taxes or penalties,
according to records.

Cruz also has an active house repair code enforcement violation on each of the
same three rental properties. According to code enforcement staff, the
properties are in need of some minor repair work to the homes and garages.

Each of these properties also has a history of code violations, ranging from
mowing and home repair to graffiti, according to records, totaling more than 30
for the three homes over the last 15 years. Inspector Ed Humphrey said that for
many mowing violations, homeowners will take care of the problem before city
crews ever get there.

Cruz said he's in the process of rehabbing the homes, and that the violations
stem from the rehabbing process. One of the homes was a recent purchase, he
said, and he saved it from demolition.

According to records, Hess does not have any active or past code violations.
Archie has eight violations for mowing that stem from 2006 and earlier, but
nothing active or closed in recent months.

AGray@SBTinfo.com 574-235-6209 Twitter: @AmandaGraySBT

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 August 6, 2007

United Way may withhold cash;
Some members late on pension fund payments

BYLINE: Sherri Begin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 575 Words


Agencies are continuing to leave the United Way for Southeastern Michigan group
pension fund and up to a third of remaining members are missing contribution
payments - and it could cost the slow payers funding.

About five to 10 of the 31 remaining members are delinquent in making regular
contributions to the plan at any one time, said United Way CFO Cathy Adcock.

Since the end of 2005, 20 of the fund's 51 members have withdrawn or
disaffiliated from the plan.

United Way could withhold funding from members delinquent in making
contributions if internal collection efforts are unsuccessful, said Kelly Major
Green, vice president, marketing and brand experience, in an e-mail.

So far, United Way has sent letters, made telephone calls and met with
delinquent agencies, Adcock said.

However, ``as fiduciary, we have a responsibility to and we will pursue all
avenues available to us to maintain good standing as a fund,'' Major Green said,
declining to identify delinquent members or the amount owed to the fund.

Established in 1945 by United Community Services, which merged with United Way
in 1995, the plan was formed as a way to lessen administrative costs and improve
benefit coverage for smaller nonprofits.

The plan had been adequately funded until 2004, but poor market returns and
declines in interest rates have increased agency liabilities.

Employer contributions in the defined-benefit plan, which had been just 3
percent of payroll, increased to 6 percent in 2005 and had been projected to
rise to an average of about 10.4 percent in 2006, Robert Miles, CEO and
president of Lutheran Child and Family Services of Michigan and chairman of the
pension advisory board for the United Way Pension Plan, told Crain's last year.
United Way and actuary Watson Wyatt are still finalizing liabilities and assets
for departing members for 2006 and 2007. But as of March 31, 2007, the United
Way said in a memo that the market value of the plan assets was approximately
$62.2 million but did not list liabilities. That compares to plan assets of
nearly $81.6 million in 2005. That year, the plan had 2,345 employee
participants and was 80 percent funded with a liability of about $20.4 million.

The plan isn't fully funded, Adcock said, declining to give estimates on assets
and liabilities. ``But we are in a permissible range,'' she said.

Several other organizations are also considering disaffiliating, said Patrick
Heron, president and CEO of Catholic Social Services of Wayne County in Detroit
and chairman of the Association of United Way Agency Executives. He declined to
identify those agencies.

Members are pulling out of the plan for financial reasons, he said.

``Agency boards want to have better control over how their money is being
invested and managed and, in some cases, because they can't afford to continue
participating in this plan.''

By going to a plan of their own, agencies could make contributions on a
quarterly basis, said Deborah Grace, a member in the Bloomfield Hills office of
Dickinson Wright P.L.L.C. The United Way plan requires monthly contributions.

Since the end of 2005, 16 agencies have disaffiliated from and four have
withdrawn. Agencies that disaffiliate must establish a mirror plan for five
years.

Those that withdraw must immediately fund their pension liabilities and then
spin the assets off to their employees through something like a 401K or
individual retirement account.

Sherri Begin: (313) 446-1694, sbegin@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Art Credit: Major Green

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2007 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 05, 1997, Wednesday, Final Edition

Md. Suspends Licenses Over Child Support; Thousands of Parents Lose Right to
Drive

Paul W. Valentine, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 545 words


More than 4,000 Marylanders have lost their driver's licenses because they are
behind in making child-support payments, as a result of a new state law that
took full effect this week.

State Motor Vehicle Administration officials began suspending the licenses
Monday in hopes of recovering millions of dollars in court-ordered support
payments, some left unpaid for years by non-custodial parents. The agency had
warned about 5,000 parents in a Jan. 10 letter that they must make the back
payments or arrange a payment schedule with the state Department of Human
Resources by Jan. 30.

Of the 5,000 delinquents, about 500, or 10 percent, complied, said Human
Resources spokesman Keith Snipes. As others come into compliance, he said, their
licenses will be restored. The suspensions were recorded in the motor vehicle
agency's computer data bank, where they are available to police officers
throughout the state when they stop cars for traffic violations.

Asked if Human Resources officials were concerned about the 10 percent
compliance figure, Snipes said: "It's a new program. No one knew what to expect.
But I'm disappointed."

The program targets parents who are behind in their payments by more than 60
days. That's about half of the 369,000 Marylanders who are under court order to
pay child support, according to officials.

The District and Virginia, along with about 30 other states, have similar
license-suspension programs to help enforce court-ordered child support. Some
states also suspend the business, occupational and sporting licenses of
delinquents, part of new federal standards for tougher child-support
enforcement.

The Jan. 10 Maryland warning went to parents in Baltimore and Anne Arundel
County. Other parts of the state will be covered in subsequent mailings,
including one late this month.

Snipes said the 4,500 parents who have not complied despite being notified owe
about $ 28 million in support payments, an average of more than $ 6,000 each.
"The top 10 individuals," he said, "represent $ 400,000 to $ 500,000" of the
total.

Even though they are under court order to make regular monthly payments, many
delinquents manage to escape detection and cannot be located, sometimes for
years, Snipes said. Finding delinquents, determining how far in arrears they are
and giving them adequate warning, he said, "is a tedious business. It's a
crawl."

The Human Resources Department, for example, sent out two notices to delinquent
parents several months before the license-suspension warning, describing the new
law and its consequences. The department also bought billboard space and ran
public service radio and television spots throughout the state, Snipes said.

Another time-consuming process, he said, involved separating parents who are
complying from those who aren't. "We want to protect those who should not be
affected by this program," Snipes said.

The program is designed to create a hardship on deadbeats by taking their wheels
away, but exceptions can be made. For a $ 20 fee, delinquents can obtain a
"work-restricted license," which permits them to drive only to and from their
jobs, Snipes said.

Such a license requires an employer's letter saying that driving is essential to
the person's job.

LOAD-DATE: February 05, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       November 2, 1998 Monday 2D EDITION

Complaint shows complex BestBank card scheme

BYLINE: By Donald Blount, Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 862 words


The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. complaint against two top officials of the
now-defunct BestBank lays out in detail how investigators say a credit-card
program was used to defraud the Boulder bank while enriching the two officials.

The complaint, filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Denver, names Edward P.
Mattar III, BestBank's former chief executive officer, and Thomas Alan Boyd, the
bank's former president as defendants.

Two others named in the complaint, Douglas R. Baetz and Glenn M. Gallant,
controlling shareholders in Century Financial Group Inc., of Fort Lauderdale,
Fla., also were involved in the credit-card program, according to the complaint.
Century Financial Group contracted with BestBank in 1993 to help run its
subprime credit-card program.

According to the complaint, the program worked like this:

People with no credit cards, and either bad credit or no credit history, were
targeted as possible recipients of BestBank Visa cards. Applicants could not be
in bankruptcy or have more than one 90-day delinquent account in the last six
months.

Those who joined the All Around Travel Club received a BestBank Visa card with a
$ 600 limit. The travel club's $ 498 membership fee and the credit card's $ 45
annual fee were immediately charged to the credit card, a total $ 543.

That balance was listed by the bank as a receivable - an asset. BestBank would
then pay Century Financial the $ 543.

Century Financial kept the $ 45 card fee and transferred $ 498 to the travel
club.

The travel club would in turn pay Century Financial a $ 398 commission and
BestBank a $ 30 merchant fee. Century Financial would pay BestBank a $ 25 card
fee.

When all the shuffling was done, each new card netted Century Financial $ 418
and the travel club $ 70. Even though it was paying out more than $ 400 for each
new card, BestBank still listed the $ 543 receivable as an asset.

The agreement required Century Financial to purchase accounts that were more
than 120 days delinquent. It was also required to maintain a reserve account
equal to 4 percent of the total credit card receivables on the bank's books;
reserves of 15 percent of the accounts 30 to 59 days delinquent; 25 percent of
those 60 to 89 days delinquent; and 50 percent of those 90 to 120 days
delinquent.

And after April 1, 1998, Century Financial was to pay BestBank 1 percent of new
account balances to be added to the allowance for loan and lease losses.

But by May 29, 1998, the numbers weren't adding up, according to the complaint.
The reserve account balance then was only $ 8.8 million, despite delinquencies
of at least $ 179 million. Even if all of those accounts were less than 60 days
late, the reserve balance should have been $ 26.85 million.

The complaint said Century Financial performed certain bookkeeping maneuvers to
make accounts appear current without any payments by cardholders.

Nearly 370,000 accounts, about 74 percent of the total active credit cards, were
improperly credited during the first half of this year and Mattar and Boyd knew
of the practice, according to the complaint.

"Once the improper credits were discovered, Mattar and Boyd informed the bank
regulators that the practice had been discontinued, even though they had actual
knowledge that Century Financial continued to falsely age accounts," the
complaint said.

Even after an internal audit revealed possible widespread fraud, Mattar and Boyd
did not stop funding new travel accounts or require Century Financial to pay a
penalty, but continued to expand the accounts, the complaint said.

As a result, BestBank carried more than $ 179 million in credit card receivables
that were misstated and misrepresented, according to the complaint. And Mattar
and Boyd received nearly $ 9.5 million in performance bonuses this year based on
those receivables.

"Mattar and Boyd took the excessive performance bonuses with knowledge of the
bank's poor financial condition in a scheme or artifice to defraud a financial
institution    ," the complaint states.

Mattar also wired at least $ 2.36 million to various bank accounts that he
controlled during the first seven months of this year. That money may include
funds in addition to the performance bonuses, the complaint said.

Mattar, according to the complaint, also had personal expenses paid for by the
bank, including utilities, association dues and taxes on his Boulder condominium
and personal travel, telephone, parking and credit cards costs.

And the complaint says Mattar attempted to restrict FDIC examiners' access to
the bank, its books, records and employees.

Neither Mattar nor Boyd could be reached Friday for comment.

What happens next depends on how the litigation plays out, said Richard
Fulkerson, the state banking commissioner.

"We agree with the allegations," he said. But it's up to the FDIC, as the bank's
receiver, to recoup the losses from officers and directors.

At this point, it is a civil matter. Results of the FDIC investigation will be
turned over to the district attorney, the FBI or assistant U.S. Attorney,
Fulkerson said. It would be up to them to determine if criminal charges would be
filed.

LOAD-DATE: November 02, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday

City has role in fighting blight, controller says

BYLINE: Pittsburgh Tribune-Review

LENGTH: 377 words


Pittsburgh Controller Michael Lamb said Tuesday that the city must do a better
job of maintaining vacant properties it owns as well as selling more properties
so they return to the tax rolls.

"We must make every effort, including working with the citizens in the community
in which these properties are located, to get these properties back on the city
tax rolls," Lamb said in a prepared statement. "We also must create a system so
that these properties are given regular maintenance. They are contributing to
neighborhood blight and in some cases are safety hazards."

Lamb's office conducts performance and financial audits of city departments and
authorities and inspects all goods and services received by the city. His office
audited the city Department of Finance's real estate division and looked at how
the city acquired and disposed of properties from 2008 to last June.

Lamb's office identified 3,108 tax-delinquent properties available for sale. Of
those, 769 properties have been acquired by the city and 1,174 have been given
away or sold, reducing the city's inventory of delinquent properties by 11
percent, according to the audit.

In all, according to the audit, 20,732 properties within the city were listed as
delinquent.

Many properties, according to the audit, are in Perry South,
California-Kirkbride, Garfield, Homewood North, Homewood South, Beltzhoover,
Hazelwood, Middle Hill and Larimer.

Lamb recommended that city-held properties be inspected and scheduled for
regular maintenance so that they don't contribute to neighborhood blight.

Delinquent properties are sporadically maintained by the city Department of
Public Works' "Redd Up" crew and private contractor City Source Associates or
after someone lodges a complaint, according to the audit.

Lamb's report praised the city's Side Yard program, in which homeowners can buy
adjoining lots that can't be developed because of their size or grade for $400.
Since the program's inception in 1994, the audit said, 715 of 1,200 lots were
sold and put back on the tax rolls.

"Early on, we've identified all of the same concerns, and we've been
aggressively dealing with the problems over the last few years," said Marissa
Doyle, communications specialist for the Ravenstahl administration.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             August 31, 2007 Friday
                                National Edition

Bankers blame speculators for housing defaults; Mortgage Bankers' Report; Price
Bubble Bursts, Investors Walk Away From Flips Gone Bad

BYLINE: Bob Ivry, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP12

LENGTH: 534  words


Speculators who bought houses never intending to live in them are driving the
rising number of late mortgage payments in the four U.S. states with the highest
rates of default, the Mortgage Bankers Association says in a report released
yesterday.

Sixteen percent of all U.S. prime mortgages in default were due to speculators,
and 12% of subprime mortgages, the mortgage bankers' report says.

Rising home prices in Nevada, Florida, California and Arizona during the
five-year U.S. housing boom that ended last year attracted speculators, who
bought houses to "flip," or sell for a quick profit.

U.S. homebuilders responded to this demand and built more houses than the local
population would buy, said Doug Duncan, chief economist for the Washington-based
mortgage bankers' group.

"When this oversupply became apparent and prices began to fall, many of these
investors simply walked away from their mortgages," Mr. Duncan said.

Subprime loans are available to borrowers with bad or limited credit histories.
Five times more subprime borrowers are late with their monthly payments than
prime borrowers, who have better credit. More than 100 mortgage companies have
gone under or been put up for sale since the beginning of last year, according
to Bloomberg News.

Nevada and Florida have the fastest increases in delinquent loans in the United
States, the report says.

In the first half of 2007, 32% of prime-mortgage defaults and 24% of
subprime-mortgage defaults in Nevada were on properties not occupied by their
owners.

In Florida, speculators were responsible for 25% of prime-loan defaults and 14%
of subprime defaults, the report says.

Twenty-six percent of the prime loans and 18% of subprime loans in default in
Arizona were for properties not occupied by their owners, the report says.

In California, the rate was 21% of prime defaults and 15% of subprime defaults,
the report says. Arizona and California are among the U.S. states with the
fastest increases in delinquent loans in the country, according to the mortgage
bankers group.

The number of Nevada homes in the foreclosure process in July jumped 215%
compared with last year, according to Irvine, Calif.-based RealtyTrac Inc.

The number of homes in the foreclosure process in Arizona rose 189%, in Florida
78% and in California 289%, RealtyTrac figures show.

RealtyTrac data follow homes in the three stages offoreclosure-- delinquent
payments, slated for auction and properties taken over by banks. The mortgage
bankers' report refers only to delinquent payments.

"Defaults are on the rise in most parts of the country," Mr. Duncan said.

"But it should be recognized that it is not always the case of a homeowner
losing his or her home, but is often the case of an investor gambling on a
continued increase in home values and losing that gamble."

Defaulted mortgages are defined as those 90 days or more past due or in
foreclosure. The mortgage bankers' report is based on data collected through the
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act.

Speculative investors represented 17.3% of all U.S. homebuyers in 2005, more
than double the 8.6% in 2001, according to figures in a a separate analysis of
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data by Los Angeles-based FTI Consulting.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Oscar Sosa, Bloomberg News File Photo; Nevada, Florida, California
and Arizona are the U.S. states hardest-hit by the subprime fallout. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

LPS' Mortgage Monitor Report: August Data Shows Foreclosure Proceedings
Accelerating; Origination/Refinance Activity on the Rise

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Sept. 25 -- The August Mortgage Monitor report released today by Lender
Processing Services, Inc. (NYSE: LPS) shows that foreclosure starts continue to
accelerate with the GSEs displaying more aggressive timelines on early stage
delinquencies. LPS data also shows refinance activity is picking up again as
prepayment rates have been steadily increasing over the last two months and new
originations hit 2010 highs.

As of August month end, there had been more than 2 million foreclosure starts.
While delinquencies during that same time period dropped 5.1 percent as compared
to a year ago, in the context of "normal market conditions," delinquencies
remain at historically high levels.

Breaking the trend of the last three months, agency foreclosure starts declined
slightly in August; however, portfolio foreclosure starts have accelerated. Late
stage delinquencies dominate these new foreclosure starts, though overall the
percentage of seriously delinquent loans not in foreclosure is improving as
compared to the extreme distress seen last year. In January 2009, the percent of
seriously delinquent loans that were current six months prior peaked at 2.92
percent; in August 2010 that rate was 1.65 percent.

The report also shows that approximately 1.01 million loans that were current at
the beginning of January are at least 60 days delinquent or in foreclosure as of
the end of August - a month-over-month increase of 115,000 loans.

As reported in LPS' First Look release, other key results from LPS' latest
Mortgage Monitor report include:

Total U.S. loan delinquency rate:

9.22 percent

Total U.S. foreclosure inventory rate:

3.8 percent

Total U.S. non-current* loan rate:

13.02 percent

States with most non-current* loans:

Florida, Nevada, Mississippi,

Georgia, Illinois

States with the fewest non-current* loans:

North Dakota, South Dakota,

Alaska, Wyoming, Montana

*Non-current totals combine foreclosures and delinquencies as a percent of
active loans in that state.

Note: Totals based on LPS Applied Analytics' loan-level database of mortgage
assets and are extrapolated to represent the industry.

About the Mortgage Monitor

LPS manages the nation's leading repository of loan-level residential mortgage
data and performance information on nearly 40 million loans across the spectrum
of credit products. The company's research experts carefully analyze this data
to produce a summary supplemented by dozens of charts and graphs that reflect
trend and point-in-time observations for LPS' monthly Mortgage Monitor Report.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Arkansas: TAX INVESTIGATOR Position No.: 2210-8670

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Finance and Administration, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following job vacancy:


TAX INVESTIGATOR
Agency:  Department of Finance & Administration
Office:  Sales and Use Tax
Section:
Date Posted:  05/19/2014
Posting Expires:  05/23/2014
Summary
The Tax Investigator is responsible for conducting tax investigations and
collecting delinquent taxes. This position is governed by state and federal laws
and agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Investigates complaints from the public regarding non-compliance of Arkansas tax
laws and writes reports documenting and detailing the outcome of the
investigation. Assists taxpayers by interpreting tax laws and regulations,
explains taxpayer responsibilities, assists taxpayers in the completion of tax
forms, and computes penalties and interest for taxpayers as needed. Contacts
delinquent taxpayers and collects delinquent taxes, penalties, and interest due
and assists in the resolution of delinquent taxes. Serves legal documents
(Business Closure Orders, Notice of Hearing, etc.) to taxpayers who fail to
comply with Arkansas tax laws. Provides information for affidavits and testifies
at legal proceedings. Prepares and submits daily, weekly, and monthly reports.
May inspect vending and amusement machines for compliance with tax laws.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of state tax laws. Knowledge of principles and practices of accounting
and bookkeeping. Ability to interpret and apply tax laws, rules, and
regulations. Ability to interview and obtain information. Ability to prepare,
present, and review technical tax information, documents, and reports. Ability
to utilize software based computer systems.
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a high school diploma; plus two years of
college coursework, including six hours in accounting; plus one year of
experience in bookkeeping, tax preparation, tax auditing, or a related field.
Additional requirements determined by the agency for recruiting purposes require
review and approval by the Office of Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC
REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL
OF THE QUALIFICATIONS REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
Applicants must reside in Van Buren, Cleburne, or Independence County or be
willing to relocate to same area within a reasonable time.

This is an entry level position with a starting salary of $26,268.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
ONLY COMPLETED APPLICATIONS WITH WORK HISTORY WILL BE ACCEPTED.
The work history section of the application must be completed. We do not accept
resumes in lieu of completing this section.

Job Details
Position No.:  2210-8670
Class Code:  X172C
Grade:  C112
Salary Range:  $25,268.00 - $42,918.00 per year
Background
check required?  Yes
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  Batesville
Job County/Region:  Independence
Contact Information
Contact name:  DFA HUMAN RESOURCES
Phone:  (501) 324-9065

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             July 19, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sale of troubled FHA loans nearly doubles ;
 About 9,000 mortgages will be sold at auction, including some in Tampa.

BYLINE: By Kimberly Miller Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 389 words


Nearly double the number of struggling homeowners as originally expected,
including a clump in Tampa, will have their defaulted FHA loans sold to private
investors in September, officials said Wednesday.

The Federal Housing Administration has begun accepting investor applications for
the auction that will now sell about 9,000 delinquent mortgages in discounted
pools to private groups that have more flexibility to modify the loans.

Acting FHA Commissioner Carol Galante said the loan pool was increased from an
original 5,000 because of a surge in interest in the sale, which is part of the
Distressed Asset Stabilization Program.

Originally announced last month, the program plans to hold a sale each quarter
to whittle down the more than 715,000 delinquent mortgages FHA insures. The idea
is private investors can be more creative in restructuring loans to make them
affordable or in offering other alternatives such as a short sale or rent-to-own
scenario.

"Given the strong interest in this program, and the shadow inventory, we are
actually talking now close to 9,000 loans," Galante said. "At its most basic
level, this program creates the opportunity for everyone to come out a winner."

About 3,500 loans will be concentrated in four areas hit hardest by the housing
collapse including Tampa, Phoenix, Chicago and Newark, N.J.

Florida has about 366,650 loans insured by the FHA, according to a first-quarter
report from the Mortgage Bankers Association. Of those, 15 percent -- about
55,000 -- are in foreclosure or 90 days or more late on payments.

Nationwide, FHA insures about 6.7 million loans, 9 percent of which are in
foreclosure or seriously delinquent.

To be eligible for sale through the program, the loan must be at least six
months delinquent and in foreclosure. The borrower cannot be in bankruptcy and
must be ineligible for FHA-offered modification programs.

After an investor buys the loan, the foreclosure is delayed for at least six
months to give the new owner time to work with the borrower on a loan
modification. Because the loans are generally sold for less than what the
borrower owes, the purchaser can reduce or modify the loan while still making a
return on the initial investment, according to the FHA.

For information on the program and qualifications go to
www.hud.gov/fhaloansales.

kimberly_miller@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  POST COVERAGE  FORECLOSURE CRISIS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                               May 8, 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Board's job is to protect -- not to pity

BYLINE: Richard White

SECTION: BAYLIFE & TRAVEL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 549 words


Q: Our condominium board refuses to enforce collection of condominium
association dues on emotional grounds that "our neighbors and friends are
hurting" and the board does not want to put liens on units for unpaid dues.

Our outstanding dues money is at $105,000. We now have 30 percent of our units
not paying and delinquent.

These delinquent owners are placing an undue financial burden on those of us
paying. A unit was just sold with a balance of $15,000 in uncollected
association dues. Since there was no lien, the association lost these funds. Is
this board in violation of state law, and what can we do to force the board to
place liens on the owners not paying?

JM, Miami

Answer: To have delinquent amounts of this magnitude, the problem must go back a
few years -- through one or two annual elections.

Apparently, the owners and members agreed with the actions of the board as they
did not elect directors that would protect the paying members' assets.

It is a board duty and fiduciary duty to process delinquent accounts promptly.
Directors must accept responsibility for enforcing the rules; their
responsibilities do not include being neighborly.

Your only solution is to recall this board or vote these directors out at the
next election. When you elect directors that do not do their jobs, you -- the
members -- pay for their mistakes. If an owner has financial problems and does
not pay his or her fees, the board must take proper collection actions to
protect their neighbors who are paying their fees on time.

Your board's mistakes have led to other members paying more than their fair
share. There is no outside help for this problem; you must now cover the loss
and pay. The only way to change going forward is to elect a board that will meet
its responsibilities.

Boards can blend being tough and working with an owner. But that does not
include granting favors to some while neglecting its responsibilities.

Q: Previously, I was a board member of our association and we at various times
emailed our votes on various issues. There was never a published board meeting
for the individual item or business conducted. Are these emails private for the
board only? Or are they public information for the unit owners?

AL, Tampa

Answer: The statutes do not allow directors to vote by email, proxies, or any
other method except in person at a meeting with a quorum of directors present.
The meeting must be properly noticed and the members allowed to attend and
observe the business conducted. However, an absent director can participate by
speaker phone as long as all in attendance can hear. That director would be
counted as quorum and can join in any discussions and vote.

Since emailed votes are illegal, they would be evidence of wrongful actions.
Business conducted based on voting taken by the email could be determined to be
illegal and non-enforceable. A lawsuit would be difficult to defend.

Richard White is a licensed community association manager. He does not offer
legal opinions; any other questions and comments concerning association
operations can be sent to Richard White, 6039 Cypress Gardens Blvd., No. 201,
Winter Haven FL 33884-4115; or email camquestion@cfl.rr.com

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Rules of the Roost

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Panel OKs sale of thousands of delinquent tax properties

BYLINE: Gary Nelson, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 626 words


Nov. 13--Earlier this week Cumberland County's Delinquent Tax Committee
requested the clerk and master to prepare for the sale of some 2,500 delinquent
tax properties in the county.

The county hasn't conducted a large-scale delinquent property tax land sale for
several years because officials were awaiting the outcome of a legal case that
could have an effect on counties having to pay property owners association dues.

In a letter to Cumberland County Mayor Kenneth Carey Jr., Clerk and Master Sue
Tollett, County Trustee Kim Wyatt and the county's property tax attorney Joe
Looney recommended the county hold the tax sale.

The committee discussed it earlier this week during its meeting.

"We have delayed scheduling the next Cumberland County tax sale because of the
issues raised by the Travis versus Lakewood Park versus Coffee County, TN case
... We have delayed scheduling a tax sale in hopes that the legislature would
address the problem created by the Travis case. While the legislature did pass a
bill which dealt with this problem, in my opinion, they did nothing to solve the
problem. We are now faced with the situation that we need to schedule a tax
sale," Looney's letter states.

Looney reminded the committee Tennessee Code Annotated 67-5-2507 states counties
are required to have a sale of properties owned by the county through delinquent
tax sales as "expeditiously and advantageously as possible."

According to the Travis case, Tennessee counties could be liable to pay property
owner association (POA) dues on lots they own from delinquent tax sales.

Looney expressed concern to the committee regarding the amount of lots currently
in default that are located in Renegade Mountain, Lake Tansi, Fairfield Glade
and numerous other POA-governed developments in the county.

"It's in the thousands," he said.

Looney told the committee that, in the Coffee County case, the county was sued
for $200,000 worth of POA dues for 60 lots in one subdivision.

"We can't really hold off on the sale any longer and I wanted to make you aware
of the problem we could face. In some cases we may be able give the lots back to
the property owner's association and call it even ... We're in a dilemma,
though, because we've got to have a sale," Looney said.

"We have to have a sale. 2,500 lots, that's a nightmare," Nancy Hyder, 2nd
District commissioner, said.

"With that amount, it could bankrupt the county because those (dues) are every
year," Clerk and Master Sue Tollett said.

"Well, if both parties agree, they can do anything. If it's burdensome to the
county ... you may not have to sell," Looney said.

"What should our next step be?" Hyder asked.

Looney said the county could try to sell the properties first and then maybe
offer those that don't sell as a gift back to the POAs.

"You all tell me what to do. I'm bringing this to you. I'll do what you say,"
Tollett said.

Hyder made a motion for the county to pursue the sale of the properties as
normal.

Tollett said it would take approximately five or six sales to deal with all of
the properties.

Rebecca Stone, 3rd District commissioner, supported the motion.

John Kinnunen, 9th District commissioner, made a motion to let Sue Tollett, or
the clerk and master, to allow the property owners the chance to redeem the
property if the back taxes are paid within a year, without having to notify the
county of that action, as has been the policy in the past.

Stone supported that motion and both were approved unanimously.

The county commission must also approve the sale as well.

Gary Nelson may be reached at gnelson@crossville-chronicle.com

___ (c)2014 the Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141113-XV-Panel-OKs-sale-of-thousands-of-delinquent
-tax-properties-1113-20141113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2014 Crossville Chronicle


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 30, 2014 Monday

Oregon: Revenue Agent 3

LENGTH: 965  words

DATELINE: Salem


The State of Oregon has issued the following Job release:

Job Code:  DOR14-0073
Job Title:  Revenue Agent 3
Opening Date/Time:  Fri. 06/27/14 12:00 AM Pacific Time
Closing Date/Time:  Continuous
Salary:  $2,942.00 - $4,273.00 Monthly
$35,304.00 - $51,276.00 Annually
Job Type:  Permanent
Location:  Multiple Locations (as stated in job posting), Oregon
Agency:  Revenue-Personal Tax & Compliance



Description  Benefits  Supplemental Questions




The Oregon Dept. of Revenue is currently recruiting for Revenue Agents 3
positions to join our PTAC - Personal Tax and Compliance, Collections section.
These positions are in Gresham, Portland, Eugene, Bend, Medford, Salem, Newport
and Coos Bay. This recruitment will be used to establish a new list of qualified
people and will be used to fill vacancies as they occur. These are full-time,
SEIU represented positions.
If you are interested you should apply now as we could stop taking applications
at any time.
The purpose of this position is to collect tax liabilities for all tax programs,
secure delinquent tax returns, and resolve account maintenance problems on
assigned accounts. Provide information to the public in a helpful, pleasant and
professional manner. The work is performed both in the field and from the
office.

Duties & Responsibilities:

Take appropriate action to collect delinquent taxes. This is accomplished in the
following ways:
·         Contact taxpayer or representative, by phone or in person, to
encourage payment before determining appropriate legal action.
·         Set up, monitor and enforce payment agreements based on financial
information gathered in the field, by phone or provided on financial statements
completed by taxpayers. Verify accuracy of information obtained.
·         Generate notices, correspondence and demands regarding delinquent
taxes.
·         Locate taxpayers, search for assets and determine collection potential
of accounts by performing field, computer and telephone research. This may
include locating and inventorying real and personal property assets and
determining priority of existing liens.
·         Initiate warrants and garnishments against assets when appropriate
(wages, bank accounts, real property or other assets that are subject to
garnishment).
·         Determine and assess officer liability per established policies and
procedures. This involves determining who is responsible for paying the
withholding debt.
·         Coordinate collection action with other agencies to setup payments,
perform compliance checks and share information to determine liability.
·         Document all contacts online.
·         Determine collectability of account and when appropriate, take
necessary action to recommend the liability be cancelled.
·         Review settlement offers for required documentation and refer
completed offers to the Settlement Offer Committee for review.
·         Receive and receipt payments in the field and convey them to
appropriate field office staff for processing.
·         Take last resort collection action when necessary per established
processes and procedures. These actions could include till taps, license
suspensions, contract suspensions, seizures and any other agency approved
action.
Take appropriate action to bring all assigned taxpayers into compliance in all
tax programs. This is accomplished in the following ways:
·         Initiate notices, correspondence and demands to notify taxpayers to
file delinquent returns for all applicable tax programs.
·         When taxpayers file requested delinquent returns, perform a cursory
review of the return received and forward the return for processing or refer the
return to the appropriate person for audit or adjustment.
·         When taxpayers do not comply with the request for filing delinquent
returns, initiate the necessary correspondence and assess tax, penalty and
interest appropriately or refer the case to the appropriate person for
follow-up.

Assist and educate the public both in person and by telephone. This is done in
the following ways:
·         Answer general questions about various tax programs administered by
the department.
·         Providing correct forms and publications as needed.
·         Explaining department notices, procedures and policies to taxpayers
and tax professionals.
·         Participation in assistance events, this could include assisting
taxpayers in filing tax returns, speaking to local business groups on tax
topics, participating in business fairs, and making presentations to interested
groups on various tax topics.
WORKING CONDITIONS
These positions require frequent contact with taxpayers who are frustrated or
upset by phone or in person and occasionally in remote locations and
occasionally subjected to profanity and infrequently subjected to threat of
bodily harm. Employees are required to take appropriate safety measures. There
will be the occasional need to inspect construction sites, heavy equipment, and
vehicles to assess for feasibility of seizure, by climbing in, on, and over
obstacles. There will be regular operation of motor vehicle; occasionally
driving in hazardous weather conditions. Occasional overnight travel; working
before or after regular business hours. There will be continuous exposure to
noise from phones, computers, and voices--in an open work area and frequent
leafing through files and file folders. Continual use of video-display
terminals, telephone, and calculators, requires sitting and using keyboards and
keypads for extended periods of times. Occasionally these positions are required
to lift items, typically up to 15 pounds and occasionally up to 50 pounds, climb
stairs, bend, squat, twist, reach, and walk--frequently over uneven terrain.

For further information please visit: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/oregon/

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Erie City Council forgives delinquent taxes on 16 properties

BYLINE: John Guerriero, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Oct. 08--ERIE, Pa. -- Property taxes have not been paid on 16 properties in the
city of Erie for years, with delinquencies going back as far as 2000.

The Erie Redevelopment Authority at various times has acquired the properties --
15 vacant lots and one structure -- from owners who had been delinquent in
paying the taxes, said Erie City Councilwoman Jessica Horan-Kunco.

Council took a step Wednesday to get the parcels back on the tax rolls when it
unanimously approved forgiveness of the face value of city taxes totaling
$6,159.

For all property taxes to be forgiven, the other two taxing bodies, Erie County
government and the Erie School District, must follow council's lead. Horan-Kunco
said that is likely now that City Council has given its approval.

The school district taxes on the properties are about $9,157 and the county
taxes are about $2,875, said Scott Henry, the authority's executive director.

City Council took the action, Horan-Kunco said, because "we wanted to move these
into taxable value again."

One structure might be renovated, and the vacant lots likely would be purchased
by neighbors to expand their lawns or for gardens, she said.

The Redevelopment Authority can't sell the properties with delinquent taxes on
the books, she said.

The properties are scattered throughout the city's east and west sides.

In other business, Council President David Brennan said representatives of Erie
City Council and Erie County Council will meet Monday at 4 p.m. at the Erie
County Courthouse to discuss the issues surrounding the possible extension of
the Erie Metropolitan Transit Authority's charter.

Erie County Councilman Kyle Foust and two of his colleagues, Edward T. DiMattio
Jr. and Andre Horton, are part of a county committee that will meet with the
city committee -- Councilmen Curtis Jones Jr., Jim Winarski and Cas Kwitowski.

County and city officials are trying to strike a compromise over an extension of
the charter, which is set to expire in September 2016. EMTA needs County Council
to approve a 50-year charter to continue its operations past that time; City
Council already has approved it.

But County Council this week approved a resolution to host a public meeting
about the possibility of establishing a regional transit authority. The public
meeting probably will be held in early to mid-November at a site and time to be
determined, according to Erie County Clerk Doug Smith.

The regional authority would be a contingency plan if the county can't reach an
agreement with the city over EMTA's charter extension.

JOHN GUERRIERO can be reached at 870-1690 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNguerriero.

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151008-EI-Erie-City-Council-forgives-delinquent
-taxes-on-16-properties-1008-20151008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 15, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Board should collect delinquent fees

BYLINE: RICHARD WHITE, Special correspondent

SECTION: BAYLIFE & TRAVEL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 313 words


BY RICHARD WHITE

Special correspondent

What happens after a lien is filed and recorded on a unit? Can the board
foreclose on the property even if the bank is foreclosing? How many months can a
fee be delinquent?

C.W., Dunedin

Fees are due on the first of the month. If the fee is not paid by the second
day, it is considered delinquent. Legally there is no grace period for
associations. Some documents will allow a few days, or the board can allow a
small grace period. I never recommend that this time be longer than 10 days. I
recommend that the board take some action on the 11th day, such as sending a
reminder letter. If the payment has not been received by the first day of the
next month, a second stronger letter should be sent demanding the fees be paid
by the 10th of that month.

If the payment is not received by the 10th of the second month, then the board
should send a third certified letter that payment is due with a notice that the
account will be turned over to the association's attorney for lien and
foreclosure. The key reason for fast action in collecting delinquent fees is to
protect against those accounts becoming too large for collections.

The board should file liens and foreclosure actions even if the bank has started
foreclosure action. The main reason is that banks will not finalize foreclosure
for years, and then most of the delinquent fees may not be collectable. All
boards should consult with an attorney and establish a working collections
policy.

Richard White is a licensed community association manager. He does not offer
legal opinions; any other questions and comments concerning association
operations can be sent to Richard White, 6039 Cypress Gardens Blvd., No. 201,
Winter Haven FL 33884-4115; or email camquestion@cfl.rr.com

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             July 2, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Uncovering the roots of delinquency

BYLINE: Gordon Neufeld, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 702  words


In the wake of the Vancouver riot following the Canucks' loss to the Boston
Bruins in the Stanley Cup Final, many are struggling to make sense of this
senselessness. Ironically I was in Europe, preparing to give a keynote address
at a conference on delinquency in Berlin. Unfortunately this is a world problem
that our beloved Vancouver (my hometown) has not escaped.

There are many theories about delinquency and much research going on. After
years of both working with delinquents and studying delinquency, what stands out
to me more than any other factor is their surprising immaturity. On the three
most significant measures of maturation -viability as a separate being, tempered
experience and expression, and the ability to learn from mistakes and failure
-most delinquents come up short. And their brains reflect this remarkable fact.
The prefrontal cortex, the civilizing mixing bowl of the brain, is no more
developed than the average four-year-old's, and the corpus callosum, that bridge
that allows us to use both sides of our brain to solve problems, is also smaller
than it should be. Their physical size and sophisticated demeanour blind us to
the reality that they have failed to grow up as human beings. There are many
contributing issues involved in delinquency, but these only have an effect in
the truly immature.

The other factor that stands out is that their alarm systems do not work. Much
of our brain serves as an alarm system and when it works, we end up being
careful, cautious, concerned and conscientious. When it doesn't work, we end up
being reckless and careless. And when the alarm system is significantly
dysfunctional, we are even attracted to what should alarm us. Once again,
research on the delinquent brain confirms that its alarm systems are on the
blink.

It is true that we can turn off our alarm system temporarily through alcohol,
and I assume that many rioters did just that. This would explain some of their
behaviour, but it certainly does not tell the whole story. The delinquents I
worked with would have all made it their top priority to be in Vancouver that
night and would have fantasized exactly what ultimately happened, even without
the alarm-numbing effect of alcohol.

Both psychological maturation and a working alarm system depend upon a healthy
limbic system (i.e., emotional brain). Most simply put, we need to feel our
feelings, even the most tender and vulnerable ones, in order for the brain to be
able to move us to caution when appropriate and to enable us to grow up over
time. Emotion is both the engine of maturation and the motor of the alarm
system.

But tender feelings are also a luxury that many brains cannot afford. When our
wounds are too much to bear, we become emotionally desensitized, thus losing the
very feelings that are required to realize our human potential as civilized and
considerate beings. The root of the problem is emotional desensitization, or in
intuitive language, hardened hearts. Delinquents of any age are in a flight from
vulnerability that is crippling both their alarm systems and their maturation. I
found the delinquent youth I worked with to be devoid of many of the vulnerable
feelings that are essential to becoming fully human. We are so blinded by their
delinquent behaviour that we often cannot see the heart of the matter.

Such a flight from vulnerability begs for an explanation. We are not living in a
time of war, at least not in Vancouver. We do not have significant poverty; in
fact, many engaging in this behaviour come from affluent homes. What possibly
could be the problem?

The major finding of a large study of adolescents was that what preserved their
emotional health was strong emotional relationships with caring adults. The only
way we can shield our children and youth from wounds too much to bear is through
the strength of their attachments to us. As soon as their peers matter more than
we do, natural human vulnerability becomes too heavy a burden. In short, we are
losing our children to their peers; delinquency is one of the many negative
results.

Gordon Neufeld is a Vancouver-based developmental psychologist who consults with
parents and professionals regarding children and their problems.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
